===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Shamali, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, April 30, 2025, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG’s Investor Relations website at investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning, and welcome to PSEG’s first quarter 2025 earnings presentation. On today’s call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today’s discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed later today. PSEG’s earnings release and other matters discussed during today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today’s materials. Following our prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. And thank you for joining us this morning to review PSEG’s first quarter 2025 results and discuss the outlook for the business. PSEG delivered a solid operating and financial performance at both our utility, PSEG and our nuclear units. Overall results for the first quarter benefited from a full quarter of regulatory recovery of and on our invested capital approved in the October 2024 base rate case settlement, as well as the seasonality of gas revenues, which are concentrated in the first quarter. Results also reflected positive impact of our consistent and reliable nuclear generation performance which realized higher prices, primarily driven by weather. Our service territory experienced multiple cold spells in January and February, with temperatures remaining below 20°F for several days in a row which prompted our highest winter peak load for both gas and electric in the last six years. During these challenging conditions, PSE&G maintained high levels of reliability and efficient customer response times. While PSEG nuclear generated and supplied the grid with approximately 8.4 terawatt hours of 24/7 carbon-free power. PSEG’s focus on increasing the predictability of our results continues to benefit both customers and the company, aided by our Conservation Incentive Program, which decouples revenues from volumes and deferral mechanisms for pension and storms from the recently concluded rate case. This predictability, combined with PSE&G’s predominantly residential and commercial customer profile, also reinforces our stability as a utility investment with defensive characteristics in a turbulent equity market. We consistently manage our cost structure to keep bills as low as possible, while maintaining PSEG’s financial flexibility to deliver safe and reliable service. The domestic concentration of our supply chain also limits the amount of tariff-related cost pressure on our O&M. Combined with our multilayer labor agreements with all of our New Jersey unions extending into 2027 provides stability for our largest operating costs. As we’ve discussed previously, the basic generation service, or BGS default rate is scheduled to increase our residential electric bills by 17% starting June 1. As a reminder, BGS is a pass-through cost for energy supply that PSE&G does not burn a profit on. The increase is largely due to the July 2024 base residual auction result of $270 a megawatt day that was reflected in the latest BGS update as well as a true-up for the prior two years of BGS auction, which had included proxy prices for capacity. Last week the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities directed the state’s electric companies to submit proposals to mitigate the customer bill impacts of the BGS increase. PSE&G continues to work with the BPU and state policymakers to develop a solution. We understand the real kitchen table difficulties these PGM-related increases will have on our electric customers. However, until new generating supply is added to the grid given the existing resource adequacy and balance, upward pressure on energy prices will persist. While these discussions are ongoing, PSE&G continues to offer an enviable record of reliability, affordability and customer satisfaction. PSE&G’s combined electric and gas bill still compares favorably to all other utilities in New Jersey. Our reliability metrics continue to differentiate our service and our customer satisfaction rankings are second to none. I would add that this last metric measures us against all of our large peers in the East, not just in New Jersey. Our regulated capital investment plan for 2025 remains focused on infrastructure replacement and modernization to ensure safe and reliable service and to meet growing customer demand. These efforts are on track and on budget. PSE&G also began rolling out the second phase of its Clean Energy Future - Energy Efficiency II program, which will help customers save energy, lower their bills and reduce carbon emissions, while supporting job training and economic growth here in New Jersey. In February, we mentioned a 12-fold increase in inquiries from large load or data center customers into PSE&G’s new business pipeline, which had grown from 400 MW in early 2024 to 4,700 MW. These numbers include both mature applications and initial leads. Our latest update now shows PSE&G experienced another quarterly increase in large loan inquiries for new service connections and the pipeline now exceeds 6,400 MW of capacity requested as of March 31. Our engineers have been responding to these inquiries on a timely basis, still averaging about four months and our speed to response is supportive of the state objective to spur economic development. To the extent these large load prospects convert into new utility customers in the future, fixed costs are then spread over a larger user base, which can help to lower existing customer bills. Turning now to PSEG Power & Other, our nuclear operations generated the supply of the grid with approximately 8.4 terawatt hours of clean and reliable baseload power and achieved a fleet capacity factor of 99.9%. Over the past quarter, there has been a lot of discussion in New Jersey about the need and potential for new generation in the region and potentially in the state. Specifically, legislation was introduced this past February that proposes to change the current New Jersey law that prohibits regulated utilities from building and owning new generation. We remain open to this possibility, and we continue to work with New Jersey policymakers about this and other solutions to meet New Jersey energy needs. Regarding the ongoing discussion around the pending data center proceeding at FERC, we recently submitted PSEG’s comments in support of colocation with the position that’s behind the meter data center should pay for their actual use, consistent with the treatment of other behind-the-meter customers on our system, such as rooftop solar and universities. Several other large generators in data center developers have requested a 90-day settlement process, which could be a path towards timely establishment of rurals for colocation. To recap, we are reiterating PSEG’s full year non-GAAP operating earnings guidance at $3.94 to $4.06 per share, which is up by approximately 9% at the $4 midpoint over our 2024 reported results. We are also reiterating PSE&G’s updated five-year capital spending program at $21 billion to $24 billion which supports an expected rate base CAGR of 6% to 7.5% through 2029. This in turn drives PSEG’s 5% to 7% non-GAAP operating earnings CAGR using the nuclear production tax credit as our reference price for power. Before I conclude, let me again thank our 13,000 employees across PSE&G Nuclear, PS Long Island [ph] and at services for their dedication and positive difference they make every day for our customers, our company and the communities where we live and work. I will now turn the call over to Dan, who will walk you through the results for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2025, and then rejoin the call for a Q&A.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. PSEG reported net income of $1.18 per share for the first quarter of 2025 as compared to $1.06 per share in 2024. And non-GAAP operating earnings were $1.43 per share in the first quarter of 2025 compared to $1.31 per share in 2024. We’ve provided you with information on Slide 8 regarding the contribution to net income and non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the first quarter. And Slide 9 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings per share also by major business. Starting with PSE&G, which reported first quarter net income and non-GAAP operating earnings of $546 million for 2025 compared to $488 million in 2024. Utilities results were driven by the implementation of new electric and gas base distribution rates that went into effect October 15, 2024, and as Ralph mentioned, the recovery of previous capital investments totaling more than $3 billion. Starting with the waterfall on Slide 9, compared to the first quarter of 2024 transmission margin was $0.01 per share lower due to the timing of expense recovery. First quarter distribution margin increased by $0.20 per share compared to the year ago period and largely reflects the impact of the rate case, recovering a return on and of our capital investments, and in particular, gas revenues, as approximately half of our annual gas revenues are realized in the first quarter. The margin also benefited from recovery of energy efficiency investments. Distribution, O&M expense was $0.05 per share unfavorable compared to the first quarter of 2024 with the year-over-year increase driven primarily by timing, as well as higher distribution operational costs due to inflation and the cold weather in January and February. Depreciation and interest expense rose by $0.01 per share and $0.02 per share, respectively compared to the first quarter of 2024, reflecting growth in investment and higher interest expense. Weather during the first quarter, as measured by heating degree days, was 4% warmer than normal, but 13% colder than the first quarter of 2024. As a reminder, weather variations have a minimal impact on PSE&G’s utility margin because of the Conservation Incentive Program or CIP mechanism. This decoupling mechanism limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins, while helping PSE&G promote the widespread adoption of energy conservation including energy efficiency and solar programs. Under the set, the number of electric and gas customers is what drives margin, and each segment grew by approximately 1% over the past year. On capital spending, as Ralph mentioned, PSE&G invested approximately $800 million during the first quarter, and we remain on track to execute on our 2025 regulated capital investment plan of $3.8 billion, focused on infrastructure modernization, energy efficiency and meeting growing demand. We’ve maintained our five-year regulated capital investment plan of $21 billion to $24 billion through 2029, representing a $3 billion increase from our previous plan, driven by reliability and resiliency investments, our expanded energy efficiency program and demand growth. As mentioned, we commenced this next phase of our energy efficiency program in the first quarter, and we anticipate investing a total of $2.9 billion over a six-year period. The energy efficiency program totals include approximately $1 billion of unbilled repayment options to help customers finance their energy efficiency equipment and appliances. Moving to Power & Other, for the first quarter of 2025 Power & Other reported net income of $43 million compared with $44 million in the first quarter of 2024. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $172 million in the first quarter compared to $169 million in the first quarter of 2024. Returning to the waterfall on Slide 9, for the first quarter of 2025, net energy margin rose by $0.02 per share driven by higher nuclear generation performance, coupled with higher realized prices due to the cold weather mentioned earlier. The weather conditions also contributed to a higher margin in our gas operations for the quarter. O&M increased by $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter of 2024, mostly driven by higher nuclear costs and interest expense rose by $0.02 per share, reflecting incremental debt or higher interest rates. Lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an annual effective tax rate, which nets to 0 over a full year and other items equally combined to have a net favorable impact of $0.04 per share in the quarter compared to 2024. Touching on some recent financing activity. As of the end of March, PCG had total available liquidity of $4.6 billion including approximately $900 million of cash on hand. While PCG had significant available liquidity in the year-end 2024 at $2.6 billion, this represents a significant improvement as we access the bond markets at both PSE&G and PSEG during the first quarter. In total, this quarter, we issued $1.9 billion of long-term debt, which reduced commercial paper outstanding and increased cash on hand. Our liquidity position was further enhanced during the first quarter by extending the expiration of our existing $3.75 billion revolving credit facilities by one year to March of 2029. PCG’s variable rate debt at the end of March was at PSEG Power consisting of a $1.25 billion term loan, which matures this coming June, and a 364-day term loan for $400 million, which matures in December of 2025. As of March 31, we continue to have a low level of variable rate debt, representing approximately 7% of our total debt. On the financing front, in early March, PSE&G issued a total of $900 million of secured medium-term notes, consisting of $400 million of 5.05% medium-term notes due March 2035 and $500 million of 5.5% medium-term notes due March of 2055. A portion of the proceeds will be used to repay $350 million of 3% medium-term notes due May 15. Later in March, PSEG issued $1 billion of senior notes consisting of $600 million of 4.9% notes due March 2030 and $400 million of 5.4% notes due March 2035. The portion of these proceeds will be used to repay $550 million of 0.8% senior notes due August 15. Looking ahead, our solid balance sheet supports the execution of PSEG’s five-year capital spending plan dominated by regulated CapEx without the need to sell new equity or assets and provide the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividend growth. In closing, we delivered a solid operating and financial performance to begin the year, and we are on track to deliver PSEG’s full year 2025 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.94 to $4.06 per share, and we are also reaffirming our long-term forecast of 5% to 7% compounded annual growth for non-GAAP operating earnings through 2029, based upon the execution of our capital investment programs and the use of the nuclear PTC threshold as our reference price. That concludes our formal remarks. And operator, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, team. It’s actually Constantine here for Shar. Thanks for taking the questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Constantine.
Dan Cregg: Hey, Constantine.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Maybe just starting off on the 6,400 megawatts of large load interconnection that you’ve noted in the prepared remarks. Do you see a time line starting to form on the potential load inflection and how is New Jersey thinking about resource adequacy with that load potential? You mentioned the legislative potential but do you envision a potential shift on gas generation policy or anything else?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. You broke up a little bit at the end there, Constantine, but I think what I heard was when do we see that load coming in at 6,400 and also the how resource adequacy is being thought about in New Jersey as a result of that. Is that…
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Ralph LaRossa: Good, some, yes, okay. Great. So look, we have always said, take that 6,400 and you apply a factor 10%, 20%, and we’ll leave that to you all the to think what the right amount is, again, remembering for us from an earnings standpoint, we’re decoupled. So the way we think about it is more from a – this good news for customers if we can spread any costs across additional megawatt hours, and that, that would certainly be a positive from a customer standpoint. For the timing of it, I think it’s happening at different stages. We are seeing some interconnections take place already. Obviously, the ones that are a little bit larger in a couple of hundred megawatt requests we have they still seem to be some folks that have been shopping for the best location for their particular application that they might have. But we just see that the state’s economic development plan is taking hold and happy to see the amount of additional megawatt of requests that we’ve had come in. As it relates to resource adequacy, look, that’s a big conversation that’s taking place across the entire RTO footprint right now. And we just saw some new planning numbers come out from PJM that we have some questions about. There’s an upcoming TAC meeting. We’re going to be asking some questions at that TAC meeting regarding some of the assumptions that are in there. And the one thing that we heard from our legislators over the last week or two was to be more vocal about that, and you can certainly expect us to be more vocal with our questions as we move forward.
Dan Cregg: Daniel here, so your other part of your question, Constantine is proposed legislation in New Jersey. We had some hearings last week. There’s discussion of it. So I would say right now, it’s at the discussion point as opposed to certainly being active, but we are here and remain available as a resource to the state if they decide to take resource adequacy into their own hands through some legislation.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Appreciate that. And on the FERC 206 with the comments that were filed last week? And do you have a view on settlement process versus outright order? Any preferred route from your perspective? And has that FERC process come up in your commercial discussions at all in artificial around? And would you be able to kind of mitigate any of that for any kind of continued provisions? Or are we kind of walking step by step there?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So I’ll let Dan – I think you asked a little bit about specific conversations, so I’ve always given that to Dan, and I’ll do that again as that is being led by his team. But generically, as it relates to the proceeding down a FERC, we would always like to see a settlement, right? I mean, that, that, to me, is always the best solution I would love to see the industry come together and find solutions to help the tech industry out. It’s pretty clear based upon some information I continue to see tech needs for generation continue to grow. And we, as an industry, need to find a common solution to meet that, I certainly think that in doing that, we need to make sure that we’re not discriminatory in one customer class versus the other and has been the single concern that we’ve had since this process started. But Dan, do you want to talk a little bit about?
Dan Cregg: Yes. No, I agree with Ralph. And that’s – I think the non-discriminatory aspect is really important. I think I’ll just leave the commercial aspect to just a single comment that I think that the counterparties are looking for the flexibility, the most flexibility that they can have right now, there’s some uncertainty related to how much they will have. And so they’re waiting on this answer, whether settlement can get us the best answer, which it seems like it’s going to be more representative of what the parties are looking for. I think that, that would be ideal but they’re never easy to get. So time will tell whether we can. We’ll have one of those.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Appreciate that. That’s for taking the questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Constantine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Ralph, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Good morning, Dan. Hey, just on the commercial arrangements related to nuclear. Just I understand there’s a lot of moving pieces and the time line is uncertain. But just from a demand perspective and the tone from your large load customer perspective, has that changed over the last few months, maybe since February when we spoke last time earnings, has that changed? Obviously, there’s a lot of news in the market, there’s tariffs. We’ve seen Microsoft, Amazon, some of the other hyperscalers sort of pull off of some of the contracts, just seeing if you’re seeing any softness there?
Dan Cregg: No, I would definitely would not call it softness. I think there’s still a demand for power, and I think there’s still a demand for that type of power. I think there’s also a desire to have answers to some of the questions that remain outstanding, but I would say, there continues to be interest in the nature of the power and the scarcity of the power that nuclear provides.
Ralph LaRossa: And Durgesh, overall, that’s why we included those numbers that we did in the new business activity that we’re seeing. It has not slowed down. And again, maybe it’s the same person calling 50 locations and ask for the same question. But I don’t see that as the case. These are unique at least for us, they’re unique requests that are coming in and I continue to be surprised and impressed by the amount that we’re seeing.
Dan Cregg: 10,000 megawatt peak, Durgesh. So 6,400 is not all coming in. I mean Ralph talked about some lower percentage of that, but the requests do continue, so.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That’s very helpful color. Just switching gears quickly on LIPA, just what to expect there? I believe there are some meetings here at end of May. Do you expect a decision then? Or what are kind of the data points or dates we need to track throughout the year? Is this – as they make the decision on whether you’re going to provide services there or not?
Ralph LaRossa: So Durgesh, I got to take a half a step back for you. I don’t know if you’re aware of the meeting that just took place at LIPA on this subject. Are you up to speed on that?
Durgesh Chopra: The one – the first – I think there’s a – what I’m up to speed on is there was a first – I guess, you weren’t awarded the first portion of the contract and then there is the bigger contract that still...
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, there was actually – so over the last 24 hours, there’s been a lot of activity on this front. So let me just try to summarize for everybody on the call, what’s taking place. There was a recommendation made by LIPA management to select a different service provider. That recommendation was just voted down by the Board. That took place within the last half hour or maybe within the last hour is a better way to say that after we started this call. So we are just – we’re happy to see that we’re still in consideration, but I don’t know anything more than that and all I can promise to anyone who’s on the call, who’s on Long Island or any customers on Long Island, we will continue to do the right thing and provide high-quality service to the customers on Long Island as long as we can. So there was a flurry of activity over the last 24 hours and that culminated in – within the last hour, I said, with a novo from LIPA Board on the management recommendation to select a different service provider.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Sorry, I missed that. So what – do we know what the next step is here? Do they go back to the drawing board or what…
Ralph LaRossa: It gets right back to what you said on May 22, there is going to be a next Board meeting, and I expect that they’ll hear some next steps. They went into executive session after the public session. So I would imagine that, that among other things are being addressed, so.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Okay. I’ll leave it there. Get back into queue. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: All right. Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, David.
David Arcaro: Maybe on New Jersey and affordability. I was just curious if you could elaborate on your strategy or approach to managing affordability just given some of the concerns I think stemming from PJM capacity pricing, but what are approaches that you could take to manage some of the concerns that have popped up from both the governor and the commission?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, I appreciate that question. Certainly has been a hot topic here. We look, our concern is trying to reach some consensus that helps customers over this peak that came in. We are listening to recommendations that come from the Board of Public Utilities. They have a couple of ideas about how they can help mitigate through some deferral of charges to customers that are – is under consideration from all the electric distribution companies here in New Jersey. We would certainly be supportive of anything that comes out from the Board. There are legislators that have proposed a number of different bills, I think the most significant one would be one that would be addressing the core problem here, which is supply. And another way to procure supply in the state, some of them in DAngelo put a bill in to look to bring generation into the state and to open it back up to regulate utilities to have that opportunity. Again, Dan mentioned it a little bit in the beginning, we would certainly be willing to participate in that and help find solutions for the state. We think we have some unique sites that could be helpful in meeting that the ones that have pipes and wires already to it. And obviously, we’d have to take some different actions on the site to generate there. But we’re listening to everyone. It’s an issue that it’s going to face customers. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it’s going to hit every customer in we want to help our customers as best as we can through this time. It’s one piece of the affordability challenges that they’re facing.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And the other things that are going on in the background, David, there’s a lot of customer assistance like lip, and we’re making sure that customers are aware of the programs that are out there to help those in need that probably will be get toughest from the standpoint of some of these increases. So one of activity at the company and a lot of activity outside the company, all addressing this particular issue.
Ralph LaRossa: And not to mention, the timing of our rollout of the energy efficiency program, which, again, I mentioned in the prepared remarks is very helpful on that front as well because if we can help customers use less as I said, to an earlier question from – as we’re decoupled, we can help the customer and be supportive without any financial impact to us as a result. .
David Arcaro: Yes. Excellent. Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And then on – I guess, on your efforts contract nuclear capacity with data centers. I was just curious where do things now stand – like are you discussions and negotiations contingent on the FERC process and figuring out behind-the-meter co-location arrangements and frameworks or such that, that time frame is going to be important and then may be critical to getting over the finish line here? Or are there other approaches that may not kind of have to wait for the full FERC process and potential settlement to play out?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, I’m going to give that to Dan to give you any details he wants. I think you addressed a bunch of what you said for. But look, we think the FERC process is helpful to show that the industry as a whole is meeting the need. And again, I would encourage us to reach a settlement on that front so that we can show solidarity in meeting the customers’ needs here and that customer being the technology company that are so thirsty for generation. But Dan, do you want to add anything specific?
Dan Cregg: The simple answer is no. It is not contingent upon that. I think it’s helpful to have that move forward, but the simple answer is no.
David Arcaro: Okay, got it. Thanks so much. I’ll leave it there.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for that real-time update on LIPA. That was impressive. Hey, I just wanted to follow-up on the prior line of questioning, just in regards to the commercial agreement and we kind of talked about this prior just being maybe a more realistic opportunity for 2025. And just given everything that’s transpired, can you – I just want to be clear, like, do you still see executing on nuclear deal in 2025 as still on the table before the governor leaves office in your mind?
Dan Cregg: Yes. No change, Nick. We are still what we’ve been saying with respect to how we are progressing and what we’re doing is still where we are today.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. I don’t have a real-time update for you other than tell you the following from the governor standpoint. These are another economic development mission in the Middle East and is talking about continued attraction of technology jobs to the state. So I’ll get an update on that as that progresses and there are some news reports about what he’s doing, but he is – he’s working until his last day here, and one of the topics is to continue to attract technology companies.
Nick Campanella: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just maybe remind us on like the quantum of megawatt it could potentially be part of a commercial agreement? Would you be open to doing more than a third of it at this point? Just trying to take your temperature on up.
Dan Cregg: Yes, there’s not a target number, but I would say that there’s no restriction on anything that we have within the portfolio to the extent that there is interest related to some kind of a commercial agreement.
Nick Campanella: All right, thanks. See you at AGA.
Ralph LaRossa: See you then, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. Just maybe building a little bit on prior comments here and appreciating PJM’s collar for the next capacity auctions. How do you think about the potential capacity price outcome in the next auction as it relates to customer bill growth at this point? And do you see the price floor carries enough substance to incent ongoing investments in capacity supply? Just any other thoughts on the market there?
Ralph LaRossa: Well, look, I’ll – we’ll take this one again. I would say a couple of things turn around and make the comment. I’ve seen a bunch of reports that would indicate that the price that we could expect would be on the northern side of that collar from a range standpoint, somewhere between the midpoint and the top, I think, is what we continue to see in the consensus of documents that I’ve read. We have an internal opinion. We really don’t talk about that. But I would say, I turn it back around and mention what I’ve read from others. The good news from that standpoint for our customers, if there is good news in this, is that the – because we have rolled in three years’ worth of capacity increases because we had that proxy price in the BGS auction before, we would not expect to see a large increase for customers in the forward years as a result. So that’s a positive. What’s a negative is the prices are not coming down if that – if those projections are right, that would kind of keep it in that same range, some percentage up or down. But that not the double-digit increases that we’ve all seen here in New Jersey. And again, that was a combination of delays at PJM and the capacity market as well as a lack of generation, which gets to your second question, which is do we think that those prices – and Jeremy, I’d be way in front of my skis on that since we’re not in the merchant generation business at the moment here and don’t expect to be ever again in the merchant generation business, we have not done a lot of homework on costs and how that would wind up playing out and with tariff increases and so on. So look, if we have an opportunity to do something in rate base, be able to answer that question in a lot more detail. But Dan, do you want to add anything?
Dan Cregg: No, I’ll just add two things. On your last point, the concept of bullet prompt incremental generation, honestly, it’s less about the price and more about the duration and the time frame that you’re talking about. So given the periods that the auction covers and given the time frame that it takes to build something new, the price that they’re putting out is not something that you’re going to get if it prompts you to build a new unit. So I think the timing continues to be the challenge at PJM and then just kind of maybe piling out what Ralph talked about before with respect to the overall pricing and customer bill. The BPU set up a good process so that you could gradually see changes over time. That good process was – it kind of lost some of its benefits by virtue of PJM’s delays in the capacity auction. So that proxy price amplified the effect of a price move because there was a catch-up. We’re still not caught up with respect to timing of capacity auctions and so that proxy price, which was in the last go around the previous auction as we move forward is currently the previous auction. So that proxy price is the $2.70 price we saw last time. And so Ralph says we don’t expect to see a big move by virtue of whatever happens within this auction, it’s because we’re sitting at that higher proxy price. So there could be smaller moves, but nothing in the magnitude of what we’ve seen. And the collar surrounds that $2.70. So as Ralph said, probably leaves you closer to where we are now, but without another jump like we are addressing right now within the state.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful context there. Thank you for that. And maybe pivoting to offshore wind and fully appreciating that PEG has exited offshore wind. But maybe just any thoughts as far as recent frictions offshore wind that we’re seeing today? And how you think that impacts maybe the transmission planning opportunity set? Are there any knock-on effects to you guys that we should think about?
Ralph LaRossa: Well, no knock-on effects for us to the East of New Jersey because we didn’t have anything in the plan as we’ve spoken about quite a bit, maybe opportunities now to the West, depending upon how we solve for the resource adequacy concerns and the capacity. I think – look, we – again, I’m going to be a little bit repetitive here. We have to be very loud about any concerns that we have regarding that process and the parameters that exist because five years from now, we’ll be dealing with the results of it. So it’s pretty clear to us to help customers we need to either build more wires or build some generation in the state, and it’s important to have the accurate parameters built into the PJM process now so that we get it right in the out years.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Good to chat with you guys again.
Ralph LaRossa: Hello, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, pleasure. Hey, so just a following up on this affordability there. I’d love to hear a little bit more specifically. I know you guys alluded to kind of guiding customers with what’s out there. But I just want to make sure I’m hearing from you guys right, especially as you think about proposals and trying to swage concerns out there. I mean, what would you say specifically, you all bring to the table or would potentially bring to the table in a long-term and short-term sense here? I mean I just wonder in the scope of how far this affordability narrative is going in the state and what you’re hearing from the stakeholders, whether it’s the governor with BPU on this?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Look, again, this is – I think what we’re here, Julien, is what the whole country is here and affordability is a concern and it goes from eggs to energy. So from our standpoint, we want to do our part and the conversation here in New Jersey was magnified quite a bit by everything we just talked about with the inadequacy of the PJM capacity market process being delayed as long as it was. And having this compounding effect. So we can’t change that. That’s a governance issue that PJM needs to deal with, and they’ll do what they need to do. But what we can do is what we’ve been trying to do at PJM, which is advocate for some stability, so we don’t have this happen again. That’s a long-term solution because the long-term solution is to get more generation, more supply that could show up as new generation in the state. We’ve talked a lot about the fact that we’ve been more than willing to do it in rate base. If we can play a role there, it would be helpful, we will certainly do that or it could show up by new wires being built and bringing in generation from another location. What I hear from policymakers in the state is that they would like to have more control over their destiny and that would lead me to believe that we would want to have more generation in the state. But those conversations are ongoing, and you’ve seen some of that in the press. What we can do in the short term is three things, right? We can help from an affordability standpoint, providing customers with access to some of these programs that are out there, systems programs. We can help with energy efficiency, just continue to help people use less, and we’ve talked about that quite a bit over the years. And the new thing that was an idea that was put forth by the BPU was to try to get more people on a plan that would levelize the cost over a 12-month period. We have a program called the equal payment plan. This would be a little bit different than that. But not very different as I currently read it, and would be more of a short-term solution so that customers are still incented to use less electricity in the long-term and that count on an equal payment plan. So that’s a policy decision that will be continue to be discussed with the Board. But we have said, and we want to be part of the solution, and we’ve always been that way in the state. I don’t see that being any different. So whether it’s the long-term, the rules, the supply or the short-term where we’re trying to help customers out, and in the three ways that we mentioned, we’re going to be here as best we can.
Dan Cregg: Yes. On that short-term item too, kind of an obvious statement, Julien, but our energy year starts June 1. So you’ll see volume increases at the same time, you’re starting to see that price increase. And so part of that design and part of that thinking is take this thing out of the summer months.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. And guys, just to clarify here real quickly on LIPA, you guys have commented that you see offsetting potentially this headwind to the extent to which you may or may not get it. Would that be effective here as soon as the start of next year as far as your ability to offset the full ramp, right, the $0.06 to $0.08 ballpark that we’re talking about here?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Well, it’s not that high. I think we’ve been saying $0.05 to $0.06, but I won’t get into back and forth on that. I think that – look, first of all, it’s immediate, we would have to manage costs and any other costs were associated with LIPA we would have to remove those costs, and there’s multiple ways to do that. And then on the revenue side, we’re always looking for other opportunities. And we always have oars in the water on that front, and I would hope that we could bring one or two of those opportunities we’re looking at to fruition in a timely enough fashion to offset it. So that’s the goal here. And that’s why we’re confident that we’d be able to offset it and remain with our earnings projections that we’ve put out there to $0.05 to $0.07.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent guys. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just a follow-up on the large load pipeline comments from earlier. Any indications you can share on the breakdown of that 6,400 megawatts in terms of what are more geared towards initial applications versus those that are more mature in the process?
Dan Cregg: Yes. Carly, it continues to morph as you go through time, right? You’ll have some drop off, you’ll have some come on in, but we’ve generally characterized the number as trying to do two things. The first thing we’re trying to do is give an indication of total interest that has come forward, while at the same time, also trying to bring some reality to it because we’ve said as a 10,000 megawatt peaking system, we don’t expect 6,400 megawatts to come on. And so Ralph mentioned earlier, 10% to 20%, I think we continue to try to do some guest work. Obviously, you don’t know when someone starts to initiate an interest exactly where they’re going to go. But as time goes on, their continued interest, how far they go in the process, how often they communicate and what they’re doing, gives us some sign that we can get some kind of a gauge as to which are going to be more likely and which are not. And so I don’t know if you’re in that 10% to 20%, 25%, somewhere within there, I think is a reasonable expectation as to what’s going to come forward. And that’s also used for planning purposes. We don’t plan our system around 6,400 megawatts coming on to the system. We plan for a subset of that based upon that experience. And so it’s probably in that ballpark. It’s an imperfect estimate, but it is an estimate.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. Very clear. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just as you think about the current five-year capital plan, any color you can provide in terms of where you see potential exposure on the tariff front? And any risk mitigation tactics that you see as necessary there?
Ralph LaRossa: Carly, I don’t want to completely dismiss it because what we don’t know, we don’t know. But I am very comfortable that we do not have any real problems around the quarter because of the type of work that we are planning over the near-term, right? It’s kind of the very straightforward replacement activities that we have in that last mile. We are not planning on large transmission projects in this cycle. We’re not planning on that. We have a little bit of substation and switching station work to do, but no major efforts like we had after Superstorm Sandy. So since the major work is behind us, large project risk is behind us. And we’re really focused on this last mile activity. And the only project that we have of any magnitude is the Maryland project. And I have had no indications yet that we have any supply chain concerns on that front.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thank you so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Carly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Ralph. I know you kind of just hit this in one of the recent questions just in terms of short-term and long-term solutions. But do you think the short-term solutions are sufficient enough to kind of tamp down some of the political rhetoric here just given like the long-term solution, how long-term are we talking? Like if you were able to bring regulated generation online, how long would that take?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Michael, I don’t want to front run something that isn’t there yet. So it will be hard for us to say that. I would simply be thinking about that this way. We’re seeing five to six-year lead times on some of the turbines and you could call that four, you could call it eight, depending upon who you talk to, but I’ll say, five to six on that front. So what we need is we need the decisions made. You know by law we cannot move into this area right now because of [indiscernible] and if the law has changed in the state of New Jersey, we will be there for the customers and for the policymakers. So it’s a little bit of the chicken in the egg, when does the law get changed and then when do we actually get the place orders to try to find some solutions? That’s – so to give you a time line when we could actually have additional supply on the system would be, I think, disingenuous on my part to do that. So I think what we’re doing in the near-term is the best we can do with the cards that were dealt. And I say we, as the state of New Jersey. We’re all working together on this, the policymakers and the companies.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Understood. And just kind of tied to that, just wanted to get your thoughts on the governor’s challenge of the previous PJM auction results and how that factors into the dynamics?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Look, I think policy makers are rightfully concerned about the spike that they saw. And so I think you’re seeing questions get asked in a number of different ways by a number of different policy leaders. We’ve had some assembly leaders, some tenant leaders here in the state, asking those questions, either in public hearings or by sending letters as well. So it’s not a surprise. This is something you would expect leadership to do is to ask some questions when you have something like this take place? And what took place here as I think we’ve said multiple times is we’ve had this governance challenge that has caused the three year – all three of these auctions to pile up on top of each other. And as a result, the customers are seeing the spike.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I mean they’re going to – Michael, they’re going to do their investigation. They’re going to find out what they find out. We’re not aware of anything that’s problematic, but there’s nothing wrong with that check going on just to validate what has happened.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And just last one, just back to the long-term solutions, is regulated generation in New Jersey the only solution that’s being considered? Or are there any other bills that we should be watching?
Ralph LaRossa: No, no, no. I think – look, I think there’s three solutions, right, we’ve talked about. And I say generation without picking a source or a technology. You could – the first is you could have rate base, which I mentioned. The second is you could have – you could somehow incent a competitive generator to site here. And the third is you can import. I mean that is the simple way we think about it. And the imports we’re going to probably need some bigger wires or more wires if we go that route. Again, we be in the state. If we come up with a solution for competitive generator, we will be there from an interconnection standpoint. We’ve been very vocal about the fact that we’ve been very responsive to those types of requests as they come in regardless of the technology. And if it becomes a regulated solution, we think we have a couple of sites that might make some sense for us. So we just look forward to the continuing conversation and try to push it so we can avoid this can get kicked too far.
Michael Sullivan: Very helpful. Thank you.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Appicelli with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, guys. Just one quick question here. Just going back to something Dan said earlier about the commercial opportunities and flexibility being key. I mean, just maybe a little bit more color around what that means. Is that flexibility around being on grid or the timeline of how quickly things can ramp? I mean what exactly is sort of the flexibility aspect they’re looking for?
Ralph LaRossa: Well, this is a follow-on something Dan said, I’ll let Dan answer it.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Look, just think about trying to strike a commercial deal when there is uncertainty around rules that are going to be met urgently, and that work continues to go on and on and on. And so I think, really, just trying to get in line how this is going to work and how it can work and what the optionality is with respect to how you would interconnect. It’s nothing more complicated than that. And we’ve said before given where we are and given the transmission rates where we are, it is not as critical as it is in some other areas. But I think all parties would prefer a situation where they have all the rules and they know exactly what they’re dealing with. And I think it’s just – it’s taken us a long time as an industry and as the regulators within the industry to come to that final answer. Now we had a question before about the settlement. And I think that would be a great answer because it will be the participants that are actually devising where things are going to go that would ultimately get approved. But that doesn’t happen overnight either. And so I think there is as a general desire to move more quickly and get this done, but it’s lingered for a while. So that’s really all it is, Bill, it’s trying to solidify exactly what the landscape is that we’re working at.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. And Bill, I would just add, look, if you think about where we have our generation right now, we can satisfy a bunch of things, whether it’s redundancy, accessibility, extra capacity, location and I could go on and on. So we still feel very, very good about the opportunity set that’s in front of us.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then just lastly on, what are you guys seeing on the adoption for demand response, right? That’s obviously been something that’s gotten more attention here as the price signal is going up. Is that something you’re seeing an increasing level of interest in from your customers?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. I think you see it in a couple of different ways, right? But we don’t have as much as you might hear from other companies because of the low industrial load that we have. From a residential standpoint, we do see it. We see it show up from mostly, in that case, from a thermostat standpoint and from some pools that are not running and so on at certain times. And that has continued. And our energy efficiency programs that we talk about all the time address exactly that issue for mostly – again, mostly the residential customers.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks very much.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Well, thank you so much. Listen, I think the conversation has rightfully been a lot today around affordability and what customers are facing. And again, we are in that depth of that issue. We know what’s going on around kitchen tables, and that’s because of the 13,000 employees that we have here who are not only doing the job that they do day in and day out but are those people that are having those same conversations around the table regardless of the cause of the affordability challenges they might be having. So we’re very well aware of that. We’re going to be here to be a solution provider to the state, and we hope to continue to be a solution provider to the people of Long Island as well as we’ve discussed. So we appreciate all of your interest, and we will see you at AGA in May. Thanks for calling in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference. Public Service Enterprise Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results. 2024 earnings conference call and webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session for members of the financial community. At that time, if you have a question, you will need to press the star and the number one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star and the number two. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 25, 2025, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning, and welcome to PSEG's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings presentation. On today's call are Ralph LaRosa, Chair, President and CEO, and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments, and slides for today's discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Ks will be filed later today. PSEG's earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's materials. Following our prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question and answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRosa.
Ralph LaRosa: Thank you, Carlotta. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning to review PSEG's 2024 results and our outlook for the business going forward. Let's start with our strong results. PSEG reported net income of $0.57 per share for the fourth quarter of 2024 and $3.54 per share for the full year. For non-GAAP operating earnings, PSEG reported results of $0.84 per share for the fourth quarter and $3.68 per share for the full year, which was at the top of our 2024 guidance range. Our reported results for 2024 also marked the twentieth consecutive year that we have met or exceeded management's non-GAAP operating earnings guidance to investors. We are proud of this track record and confident that our team will continue to build on it. We were also successful in achieving our strategic and regulatory objectives for 2024. First, we settled PSE&G's first electric and gas rate case with a balanced outcome that recovers prudent investments, maintains our favorable affordability profile, and mitigates variability for our customers. Second, PSE&G received approval to invest $2.9 billion in its Clean Energy Future Energy Efficiency II program over the upcoming six-year period. This second phase of the BPU statewide energy efficiency framework has resulted in a meaningful increase to the program, which will enable us to make investments at more customer premises to reduce energy usage, improve affordability, and reduce carbon emissions. Third, we efficiently executed the utility's planned $3.6 billion capital spending program and notably completed the advanced metering infrastructure program on time and on budget, installing approximately 2.2 million smart meters in customers' homes and businesses. And fourth, and I am very happy to say, we implemented new deferral mechanisms for pension and storm costs. This increases the predictability of PSE&G's future financial results and stabilizes rates for customers. Speaking of customer rates, the new base rates that were placed into effect last October represented an annual increase of about 1% per year since our last rate case in 2018. Also, last October, PSE&G lowered its gas commodity charge to $0.33 per therm for the winter of 2025, the third supply charge reduction since January of 2023. All of these steps will serve to moderate the outcome of the BGS auction result, which will increase customer electric bills this June 1. PSE&G's record reliability, affordability, and customer satisfaction continue to be a valuable combination. We were recently named number one in customer satisfaction with residential electric and gas service in the East among large utilities by J.D. Power in 2024. The utility also received the PA Consulting 2024 ReliabilityOne Award for the Mid-Atlantic region for the twenty-third consecutive year. I want to take a moment to recognize and thank all of our over 13,000 employees for the incredible teamwork and individual efforts that delivered 2024 strategic objectives and financial results. So let's turn to our outlook for 2025, starting with slides five and six. For the current year, we have initiated PSEG's non-GAAP operating earnings guidance at $3.94 to $4.06 per share, which is up by 9% at the midpoint over our 2024 reported results. Our 2025 guidance midpoint is the new base year for PSEG's 5% to 7% non-GAAP operating earnings CAGR at the nuclear production tax credit threshold for the 2025 to 2029 period. I would also note this CAGR, while unchanged as we pursue incremental revenue opportunities at PSEG Nuclear, starts from a $4 midpoint of 2025 guidance that is 9% higher than our 2024 non-GAAP results. For 2025, we plan to invest $4 billion across the enterprise, driven by regulated investments. We also raised PSEG's 2025-2029 capital spending plan to $22.5 billion to $26 billion. This increase is largely comprised of incremental investments at PSE&G to meet growing customer demand, modernize infrastructure, and further execute on previously mentioned energy efficiency programs. Please see slides fourteen and fifteen for the updated regulated capital spending plan and rate-based projections for the 2025 to 2029 period. This updated five-year capital spending program is expected to support a PSE&G rate base CAGR that continues its 6% to 7.5% over the upcoming five-year period, which grows from a starting point of approximately $34 billion, which is notably 12% higher than the year-end 2023 balance. Something new for PSE&G this year has been a significant increase in inquiries from large load and data center customers. Last year at this time, these totaled under 400 megawatts. Today, the interest has grown to 4,700 megawatts, which includes both mature leads and initial inquiries. This pipeline represents an over twelve-fold increase over the last year. The average size of these project leads is in the 100-megawatt range, which can often fit within PSE&G's existing robust utility transmission infrastructure. We are responding to these inquiries in under four months on average. Approximately 25% of the 4,700 megawatts of new business leads have been incorporated into PJM's 2025 system peak load forecast. As I mentioned earlier, the basic generation service auction results will raise the residential bill starting June 1. This increase is being driven by the significant rise in the capacity prices coming out of PJM's latest RPM auction conducted last July, which reflects growing energy demand combined with the need for new power generation. As a reminder, electric supply is a pass-through cost that PSE&G does not earn a profit on. Even with this upcoming BGS increase, our combined bill still compares favorably to all other utilities in New Jersey, and we remain a leader across the nation on our low share of wallet comparison. PSE&G's bill remains at about 3% of total income for medium-income customers and even lower, still approximately 2% for low to moderate-income customers that take advantage of payment assistance programs. Turning to PSEG Power and Other, while the PTC threshold provides sufficient support to meet PSEG's 5% to 7% long-term growth outlook, we continue to pursue nuclear revenue growth opportunities at PSEG Nuclear that would be incremental. These opportunities to contract portions of our nuclear output under long-term contracts can also benefit the economic development interests of the state in helping to attract AI hubs to New Jersey. We had an exceptional year in 2024, continuing to execute on our business plan and, in doing so, have made our businesses more predictable and our earnings growth more visible. These benefits will enhance our ability to drive our future performance that prioritizes maintaining our financial strength, making disciplined investments, and delivering operational excellence. Another PSEG distinction we are proud to extend is our ability to continue supporting another robust five-year capital program without the need to issue new equity or sell assets through 2029, even with the latest $3.5 billion increase over the prior plan. Before I conclude, I want to highlight that our Board of Directors recently announced a $0.12 per share increase in PSEG's annual common dividend to an indicative annual rate of $2.52 per share for 2025. This is PSEG's fourteenth consecutive annual increase, made possible by a long-standing commitment to financial discipline that has enabled us to pay a common dividend to our shareholders for 118 consecutive years. I'll now turn the call over to Dan to walk you through the results for the quarter and our outlook for the 2025 through 2029 period, and then rejoin the call for Q&A.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG reported net income of $3.54 per share for the full year of 2024, compared with net income of $5.13 per share for 2023. And non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of 2024 were $3.68 per share compared to $3.48 per share for 2023. For the fourth quarter of 2024, net income was $0.57 per share compared to $1.10 per share in 2023. And non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.84 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $0.54 per share in 2023. Slides eight and ten detail the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business segment for the fourth quarter and full year of 2024, and slides nine and eleven contain waterfall charts that take you through the changes for the quarter-over-quarter and full-year periods in non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSE&G, which reported fourth quarter 2024 net income of $0.75 per share compared to $0.58 per share in 2023. PSE&G had non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.75 per share for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $0.59 per share in 2023. Utility results were driven by the implementation of new electric and gas-based distribution rates. The new rates went into effect on October 15. And the fourth quarter results reflect the impact of seasonality of gas revenues during winter months. 2025 comparisons will benefit from a full year of new rates for both gas and electric revenues. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, transmission margin was a benefit of $0.02 per share due to higher recovery of investment. Distribution margin increased by $0.16 per share and reflects the impacts of the rate case on gas revenues in the fourth quarter. Distribution O&M expense was a penny per share favorable compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, primarily due to the timing of spending. Depreciation and interest expense rose by a penny per share and $0.02 per share, respectively, compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting continued growth in investment and higher interest expense. Lower pension and OPEB income resulting from the cessation of OPEB-related credits, which ended in 2023, resulted in a $0.02 per share unfavorable comparison to the year-earlier quarter. And lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an annual effective tax rate, which nets to zero over the full year, and other taxes had a net favorable impact of $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter compared to 2023. And for the full year, PSE&G results reflect higher earnings from increased investment in infrastructure replacement and energy efficiency, as well as the rate case, partially offset by higher interest and depreciation expense from higher investment balances. Weather during the fourth quarter, as measured by heating degree days, was 12% warmer than normal but 3% cooler than the fourth quarter of 2023. As I'm sure you know, weather variations have a minimal impact on PSE&G's utility margin because of the conservation incentive program. This decoupling mechanism limits the impact of weather and other sales on electric and gas margins while helping PSE&G promote the widespread adoption of its energy efficiency program. Under the CIP, the number of electric and gas customers is what drives margin, and each segment grew by approximately 1% in 2024. Capital spending, as Ralph mentioned, PSE&G invested approximately $0.9 billion or $900 million during the fourth quarter, and for the full year 2024, our capital spending totaled $3.6 billion, slightly higher than our original plan of $3.4 billion based on the continued execution of our electric system reliability programs, including Energy Strong and last-mile spend in the IAP, our ongoing gas infrastructure replacement spending, as well as our energy efficiency program. For 2025, we plan to invest approximately $3.8 billion in regulated investments focused on infrastructure modernization, energy efficiency, and meeting growing demand and electrification initiatives. We've rolled forward our five-year regulated capital investment plan through 2029, amounting to $21 billion to $24 billion compared to our prior plan of $18 billion to $21 billion. The $3 billion increase in regulated under PSE&G's existing infrastructure programs and the CEF-EE II Program. Our 2025 to 2029 regulated capital investment plan is expected to produce compound annual growth in rate base of 6% to 7.5%, starting from a year-end 2024 rate base of approximately $34 billion, and as Ralph mentioned, an increase of approximately 12% over the same number for year-end 2023. Moving to PSEG Power and Other. For the fourth quarter of 2024, PSEG Power and Other reported a net loss of $0.18 per share compared to net income of $0.52 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.09 per share for the fourth quarter compared to a non-GAAP operating earnings loss of $0.05 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023. For the fourth quarter of 2024, net energy margin rose by $0.18 per share driven by higher recontracting prices at nuclear, which includes the net impact of the nuclear PTC that took effect January 1, 2024. As anticipated, we realized a significant portion of the increase in the 2024 gross margin over 2023's gross margin during the second half of the year, based upon the shape of our underlying hedges. O&M was a penny per share unfavorable, interest expense was $0.02 per share higher, reflecting incremental debt at higher rates, and lower pension income and OPEB credits were $0.01 per share unfavorable versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Taxes and other were a penny per share favorable compared to the year-earlier quarter. On the operating side, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 7.3 terawatt-hours during the fourth quarter and approximately 31 terawatt-hours for the full year, running at a capacity factor of approximately 86% and 90% for the quarter and full year, respectively. Touching on some recent financing activity, as of the end of December, PSEG had total available liquidity of $2.6 billion, including approximately $100 million of cash on hand. Through December 2024, cash from operations was strong, though well below the 2023 level, which was substantially helped by the return of cash collateral. Our cash collateral balance was approximately $250 million as of December 31. We've supported our strong liquidity position. Last November, PSE&G repaid its $250 million 3.05% secured medium-term notes or MTNs upon maturity. And in December of 2024, PSEG Power entered into a new 364-day variable rate term loan for $400 million, supported by the strength of its cash flow. And also in December, PSEG Power amended its existing $1.25 billion variable rate three-year term loan agreement to extend the maturity from March to June of 2025, which just helps manage our cash position during the upcoming year. At the end of 2024, Power had $1.65 billion of debt outstanding, with $1.25 billion swapped to a fixed rate, mitigating fluctuations in interest rates through March of 2025. And given our swaps, we continue to have a low level of variable rate debt, approximately just 7% of total debt at year-end. Looking ahead, our solid balance sheet supports the execution of PSEG's five-year capital spending plan dominated by regulated CapEx without the need to sell new equity or assets and provides for the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividends. Now before I conclude my remarks, let's review some earnings drivers for 2025, and those are outlined on Slide five. The most impactful driver will be the implementation of new distribution base rates in effect for the full year. Recall that the fourth quarter of 2024 is a seasonal peak for gas, which comes into play in a projection of the new base rates over a full year. Also note electric seasonality will produce a similar impact from the third quarter of the year. In addition, clause-based recoveries for investments in GSMP, the Infrastructure Enhancement Program or IAP, and the CEF-EE II program will also add to the 2025 utility margin. Partly offsetting these positives are higher O&M, interest, and depreciation expense, reflecting higher investment balances of PSE&G, as well as higher interest expense at PSEG Power and parent related to refinancing maturities at higher current interest costs. At PSEG Nuclear, our 100% owned Hope Creek nuclear unit has a scheduled refueling set for the fall of 2025 that will include the fuel cycle extension work to extend its next scheduled refueling in 24 months, for the fall of 2027. And as a reminder, the zero-emission certificate amounts earned by our New Jersey nuclear units will conclude in May of 2025. In closing, we delivered our twentieth year in a row of meeting or exceeding our guidance. And we carry that confidence forward to our full-year 2025 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.94 to $4.06 per share, approximately 9% higher at the midpoint over 2024 results. We also expanded our 5% to 7% non-GAAP operating earnings CAGR through 2029, starting with 2025 as the base year. As Ralph mentioned, we're continuing to pursue incremental revenue opportunities at PSEG Nuclear, which could enhance our long-term growth CAGR relative to the range that we provided based on the PTC. That concludes our formal remarks, and we are ready to begin the question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session for members of the financial community. If you have a question, please press the star and the number one on your telephone keypad. If your question has been answered and you wish to withdraw your polling request, you may do so by pressing the star and the number two. If you are on a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before entering your request. One moment, please, for the first question. The first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Ralph LaRosa: Morning, Shar.
Dan Cregg: Hey, Shar. Morning, Shar. Morning, Dan. So just, Ralph, starting off on the nuclear side with Artificial Island, do you see sort of commercial discussions being delayed with the recent actions at FERC? Does the complexity of, like, behind-the-meter deals change the deal structure to potential opportunities around the side of the meter? And any sense on timing, especially given the governor's ambitions? Thanks.
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. Thanks, Shar. So I'm gonna let Dan give you some details on that. But since you mentioned the governor, I would just say this on that front. You know, he, well, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority has made a few comments about their wind port and specifically that they're looking at alternative uses for that wind port. So that's one thing that we just want to point out. The governor has also mentioned that he has, in a recent call-in show, that they're looking at alternate uses for it. So you kind of put those pieces together, and we know that there's some interest from the governor's standpoint and from New Jersey's standpoint to continue for us to look to pursue these opportunities. And, you know, as far as the timing issue that you hit on the back end, and then we'll kind of address generically the upfront piece.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. I think, Shar, our messaging there is really fairly consistent. I think we've continued to see interest, we continue to have discussions with multiple parties for various elements of what we're talking about, and that interest remains strong. So I think, you know, on FERC as well, I think that, while it would have been great to have complete answers throughout everything from what FERC said, I don't know that we necessarily expected that, and we gotta wait for some, but I think directionally what they said was favorable for the flexibility to do what you want to do, and those details are yet to come. So we'll continue to see what happens there, but I think our messaging is really consistent with respect to what's going on related to nuclear.
Ralph LaRosa: And the glass half full on deferred charges to reinforce that. But the timing of it is pretty aggressive, and it was a clear message from FERC on their need to get to a solution here. So we took that as a positive. We certainly could have been in a different place. At least for the number one potential solution behind the meter. It's still in front of the meter, and there's still other offload opportunities there.
Shar Pourreza: That's a fair point. I appreciate that, Ralph. And then just, well, I just want to make sure. Does the PSE&G pipeline of opportunities and inquiries you just highlighted that's over four gigawatts, does that negate any of the Artificial Island opportunities? Like, in other words, any chance that a potential deal with Artificial Island kind of shifts towards the front of the meter with PSE&G, or are the Artificial Island counterparties completely separate from the PSE&G conversations you just highlighted? Thanks.
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. So I think the message on the 4,700 megawatts, which includes other things besides data centers, we were clear, and there was data centers plus large load, and believe it or not, we're still seeing some large electric vehicle interconnections that are taking place. So it's a number of items. I think there's two takeaways, though. That we want to make sure, first of all, from a data center standpoint, there's interest from the industry in New Jersey. When you see a 4,700 megawatts showing up, that's a request that is showing up. So that's part one. And part two is, the state's marketing in this area has been working. They've got a helix that they've announced in New Brunswick, their number Nokia of Bell New Jersey Bell Labs just announced that they're gonna be in New Brunswick. So there's a number of efforts that are taking place or taking hold, and we just look forward to the momentum continuing.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. Thank you guys so much. Appreciate it and great execution.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Ralph LaRosa: Morning, David.
Dan Cregg: Hey, David. How are you doing?
David Arcaro: Let me see. I guess the PJM auction has been getting a lot of attention recently. FERC is gonna be, you know, relooking at auction structures, and a number of changes are underway now. I was wondering if you could comment on how you're thinking about the outlook for the PJM market, you know, what could change? Are there possibilities of structural changes here? And how do you navigate that, maybe both from a customer impact and for your nuclear fleet?
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. So I think the way we are specifically addressing this is by setting all of our targets off the PTC floor. We've been very clear about that and the impacts there. Well, from a customer standpoint, we will do everything in our power to help keep customer costs down from an affordability standpoint. We have done that. We will continue to advocate on that behalf. I just don't know whether or not the premise of the question of the PJM market is valid because I don't know if there is a PJM market anymore, and we've been talking to that for quite some time. So, you know, my concern there is mostly from a reliability standpoint. Are we gonna be able, in this construct, to attract generation to the PJM region as a whole? And if so, is it gonna be in a timely enough fashion for everything that we have going on in the region? So those are the questions at hand that's really focused on reliability and affordability for us. Gonna keep advocating on customers' behalf in both of those areas.
Dan Cregg: Yeah, I think, you know, just to add on to that a little bit, David, I think those are the longer-term elements that are going to be really important for resource adequacy, and it's vital to get that right, and I think there's still work to be done there. I think for the nearer term, you know, to the extent that this collar in pricing ends up being put forward for a couple of years, it can give you a little bit more stability as to where things are going to turn out. But I go back again to Ralph's first comment that what we're basically putting out from a financial standpoint is the PTC floor. So to the extent that things move below that, that floor is there. If it moves above that, then there could be some potential benefit for us. But I think job one is getting resource adequacy right.
David Arcaro: Yeah, absolutely. I appreciate that color. And maybe somewhat related, I guess, you know, is the uncertainty a deterrent broadly looking at the market? You know, there's been, I guess, with all these changes being considered for the auction construct and looking at the resource adequacy challenges ahead in the market, are you seeing that, you know, lowering the interest levels from some of these customers? Any perspective there would be helpful.
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. No. I point you back to the data in the prepared remarks where we talked about the increase from 400, I think, megawatts to 4,700 megawatts of interest in large load in New Jersey alone. So really can't talk for the other jurisdictions, but certainly in New Jersey, we're still seeing that uptick that we reflected in those remarks.
David Arcaro: Yep. Got it. That's fair. Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time.
Ralph LaRosa: Morning, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. So I just want to put a finer point on Shar's question just in terms of bringing a, you know, maybe a commercial deal forward for the nuclear fleet. Are you still watching and waiting for the state at this point, or is it really waiting on FERC? And then just a follow-up to that is just as we kind of think about the timeline, if a large load customer was to be able to connect to the facility, what's the timeline for ramp? And can that affect earnings in 2027, or is it more later dated towards the end of the decade? Thanks.
Dan Cregg: Yeah, Nick, I think that we're not waiting on anything on the state, and I think we're not waiting on anything either from the standpoint of FERC. I think that some of the details with respect to what flexibility there can be may come out of where that goes. But I think there's the ability to continue work, and we are continuing. You know, it's interesting. I do think that there was some expectation by some that we might see something more definitive come out of FERC. I will say that they did highlight thirty days and another thirty days that they seem to have understood the urgency in what they said, even though we didn't get complete clarity in what they did. So I think that urgency will be helpful as we continue to go forward, but it's not stopping anything. I think, from the standpoint of some final details as to how some things can be done, it may add some flexibility.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. And then just, like, the ramp for a customer, just it does take time for these data centers to ramp up, it seems like. And I'm just wondering, is this something that you think can impact the outlook on the five-year plan, or is it more longer dated than that?
Dan Cregg: Yeah. Think about it in a couple of different ways, Nick. I would say that to the extent that there is a sale of what exists today, then something could happen quicker. To the extent that somebody needs to build a data center for that power to flow to, it's gonna take a little bit longer. So I think depending upon the nature of where things go, and there's a couple of things that we're working towards, that's gonna dictate the timing as to when you might see some impact on the bottom line.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just following up on the capacity auction commentary. Just wanted to try to understand, you know, if we kind of continue to clear near the $270 level, how does that kind of impact your gross receipts calculation at the $27 and where you are in the range? Thanks.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. So I would say, you know, as you go out in time, you're going to have to take a look at what's in place from the standpoint of hedging and where the market goes, and then you're gonna lay that capacity price on top of it. I'll remind you that at least in the structural formation of how the capacity auction is set, it's based upon a net cone, which is net of energy. And I think that as you do see one price rise, the other price should react in the opposite direction, the prices being energy and capacity. So we saw some of that when we saw the last clear go up. We saw a temporary decline in energy prices, and so there is a relationship there. I think that if I were you and I was looking out in time, I think to the extent that you saw increases in energy, and you thought that we were gonna clear higher, it would move us higher in the range or above the range depending upon where you go with it. Right? We have the comfort of the floor. I think the stability of that is really important to us and should be to you to think about how the results are gonna go. But that upside is there to the extent that markets move up.
Ralph LaRosa: And the only thing I would add is not to forget in those calculations that you make there's an inflation adjustment to that floor. So in the out years, that will impact where those lines cross into, which I think was the root of your question.
Nicholas Campanella: Absolutely. Absolutely. And I appreciate the commentary on the range. That's helpful. Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont: Great. I guess, first question, can you give us sort of any color on hedges that you have at PSEG Power? Normally, I guess, you would be at ninety percent for this year. How should we think about sort of, you know, past guidance versus where you are right now?
Dan Cregg: Paul, what we have done and what we have said that we've done is try to balance the existing uncertainty of the definition of gross receipts in order to try to make sure that we're going forward in a way that minimizes our risk of results, understanding that we do have a PTC floor. What I would tell you directionally is that has not resulted in kind of radical shifts from the standpoint of what those hedging percentages would have been back when we had more of a three-year ratable. So, you know, to your point, if you want to think about being somewhere in the nineties in 2025 and maybe two-thirds in 2026 and a third in 2027, that's what we would have told you based upon a more ratable approach, and while we've made some movements to that, don't think of that as being very radically different than the ratable approach.
Paul Fremont: Great. And then I guess you used to provide sort of a breakout of net income guidance between the utility and PSEG Power and Other. Is there a reason why you've not done that for this year?
Ralph LaRosa: It's just I think we made that change a year or two back, Paul, and we're comfortable with leaving it at the enterprise level. It's ninety percent utility. We've been pretty consistent about that. So give or take in that range, but we're comfortable discussing this at the enterprise level.
Paul Fremont: And then just to sort of follow-up on Nick's question, the gross margin sensitivity that you provide includes capacity prices to the extent that the auctions continue.
Ralph LaRosa: That's a little bit of a question in there.
Paul Fremont: Oh, the question is, should we, in other words, do you give a dollar per megawatt hour as sensitivity? Yep. Does that include the dollar per megawatt hour equivalent of the capacity auction?
Dan Cregg: Yeah. Think about that as an all-in price that you would see for a megawatt hour. And, yes, you'd have to variableize that fixed charge, but, yes, that's right with me. Yep.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you very much.
Ralph LaRosa: Thanks, Paul.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRosa: We might have lost Paul. Might have lost him.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey, Paul. We're on a four-roll right now, so we'll keep it going.
Ralph LaRosa: Hey, Paul. Good to go. He's a charm. So just, I mean, it's back to the survey. I'm sorry, back to the original question about the timing on the colocation. I noticed the language that the chair reiterated on Friday and what have you. But what does that actually mean in terms of when you think that actual order might come out?
Dan Cregg: Well, I have to take it at their face value and that they said they want to come out shortly thereafter. I think it was the words that came out in the last statement. So, you know, I mean, we could guess at what shortly means, but I think they've been pretty consistent in delivering on what they've said they're gonna do. So I wouldn't expect it to be much beyond the sixty days if that is the path that's taken.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then you also said something that was interesting about the PJM market or the lack thereof. This is something that obviously is being, you know, there's just a lot of activity, a lot of discussion, a lot of apprehension, I think, about reliability and pricing and what have you. Do you have anything you'd like to share in terms of what potentially might, what you might be looking for, I mean, in terms of maybe a longer-term setup or something, or just what are your thoughts about it? I mean, I'd just be curious as to what you think might come out of all the examination of this market, quote-unquote, and how it might evolve.
Ralph LaRosa: Well, I think it's gonna depend upon what state you're in and what the economic policies of that state are. You know, you certainly hear certain positions being taken in Pennsylvania. You see positions being taken in other states. I'll just talk specifically to New Jersey. You know, we have the BGS, which is the law of the land here from a generation standpoint, and the utilities are not involved in that process. We do have PSEG Nuclear, which is involved right now in the generation side of the business. But New Jersey is at a crossroads. And I think right now we're all trying to figure out the best way to move forward. I don't think there's a clear answer on it. So I don't want to front-run any policy decisions that are being made in the state. But it's certainly something we need to continue to discuss for the two reasons that we stated upfront: affordability for customers and reliability.
Paul Patterson: Absolutely. Any idea when we might see something of a proposal or...
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. There's some talk about it. There's actually a master plan coming out, but look, Paul. To be honest about all of this, I think there's some decisions that have to be made that will probably bridge administrations here in New Jersey. Right? So I think what we're trying to do as a company is continue to educate everyone on the issue and try to help people think through, you know, different opportunities that the state of New Jersey could pursue.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. I really appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Carly Davenport: Hello.
Ralph LaRosa: Hey, Carly.
Carly Davenport: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Sorry to put a stop to the Paul train there. But thanks for all the color so far on the power side. Maybe just one from me on the GSMP III filing. Do you still expect to revisit that this quarter? And then would that be upside to the plan in 2025, or are there already assumptions kind of baked in after the GSMP II extension kind of runs itself out?
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah, Carly. Yeah. We are starting to have those conversations, and it is in the plan. It's a simple answer to both of those things. So, you know, that work is part of our core business activities and something we expect to continue. So those conversations have started.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thank you for that. I'll leave it there.
Ralph LaRosa: Thanks, Carly.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies.
Paul Zimbardo: Can you hear me? Hopefully, we're on the train.
Ralph LaRosa: We got it. Yeah. We got it. We got it. There we go.
Paul Zimbardo: Yeah. No. Thank you. The neighborhood reception is not always the best. But no. Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on a little bit just on the balance sheet side. I saw the no additional equity in the outlook even with the CapEx increase. Could you level set what was the actual 2024 FFO to debt and kind of where do you envision the credit metrics going throughout the plan?
Dan Cregg: Yeah. Paul, I don't have that at my fingertips, and I think you'll be able to pull that together when the K comes out, so I won't jump that. But, you know, we continue as we look forward and as we're putting forward, you know, the forward-looking guidance for the next few years, we continue to be in that mid-teens range and are in a pretty good place from that perspective, which is the reason it gives us the comfort to say exactly what we did say within our prepared remarks.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Got it. I'll follow up on that one. And then shifting a little bit on going back to the BGS, looking at the one-year results for commercial industrial, for your zone, it was very high on a dollar per megawatt day basis, almost $700. And I know that you did not purchase a date and not with your, you know, unregulated fleet. Just is there any thoughts or kind of takeaways of what that indicates to what New Jersey could look like without robust supply response to customers?
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. So, Paul, we were, I think, around $17 per megawatt day all in, in the numbers that were generated by the state and published. And I think that there were other ones that were up in the twenties. These are residential provider of last resort rates that are in that BGS. Right? So first of all, customers certainly have the opportunity to shop. I would expect some of that to happen from third-party suppliers. But for those customers that are relying on BGS, it is something that we have to lean in on, certainly from a payment assistance standpoint, which we're working on, and then also from, you know, our energy efficiency program and continuing to get the energy efficiency message out for customers and helping them gain access to those programs. So those are the two pieces that I would say it means to us in the state of New Jersey. But we are higher but not as high as some other areas in the state.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. I mean, just a reminder on that BGS contract that that's not something that we profit from. That's a pass-through coming from the supply providers, and, you know, the biggest element related to the increase that we are seeing is coming from the auctions that happened at PJM. And so I do think you probably will see more interest in shopping, but I think at the end of the day, the providers are gonna have to go back to that same well, which had some higher prices in the last auction.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. And did you go by what's this, like, commercial and industry? Like, there I saw it cleared at $696 a megawatt day for PSE&G. Just give you any call time on that. Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. I mean, I think it's still coming from the same supplier base, just with a different calculation going to them, and I think the same ability to shop is gonna exist there. So I think you've got a parallel dynamic that's going on within that sector as well.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning, Dan. Good morning, Ralph. Just a follow-up quick follow-up to Paul Patterson and kind of the comment you're making about maybe the PJM market. I don't know if you said it doesn't exist or whatever. Just is the state of New Jersey in a net long position on generation? And if so, what's the reserve margin there? Or do you have a reserve margin?
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. So the state of New Jersey does not have an integrated resource plan. So there is not a, you know, there's not a reserve margin set for the state of New Jersey that anybody, you know, could quote you. But we are short. Right? So if you look at some of the information that's out there, New Jersey is a net importer, especially on the peak days. So we look to PJM, and PJM has still, the last numbers I saw were we had about 2% more margin than what their target was. Right? If the question is, as this load comes in, where do we move to and how and where does that reserve margin get to, which is the need for the additional generation of a resource adequacy conversation we keep having.
Dan Cregg: Right. So as Ralph said, you know, peak times are gonna be different. Off-peak seasonal, it matters a lot when you are talking about it, but across the year, we are a net importer.
Anthony Crowdell: Options and this is just a question. You know, obviously, you said they need a resource adequacy plan. But is it similar to maybe other states that have gone maybe like a, I've got the acronym, I think maybe FRR, just pulled out the generation and the load? Is that one of the multitude of options that the state could face, or should I be thinking about something different?
Ralph LaRosa: Yeah. No. I absolutely believe that that's something that the state could consider. Right? The state could go in a bunch of different paths, but BGS is the, you know, I keep referring back to that from, you know, back in 2000 time frame. When we deregulated and the rules were put in place, and we count on PJM. Right? And that's the market that's out there. So when I say I'm not sure about what kind of market it is, it's a market that has been influenced by and by a number of factors. And so they're trying to balance affordability and reliability with a free market, and that's a tough thing to do. So we'll see where it goes. But it's certainly something that from a state of New Jersey standpoint, the desk about because we've gotta get it right as we participate in that market.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to turn the floor back to Mr. LaRosa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRosa: Well, thank you, Rob. So look, I think we had a lot of conversation about where we expected it to be, which was on a lot of the nuclear output and the potential data centers and so on and so forth. But I don't want to lose sight for one minute of all the good work that was completed back in 2024, and that's not a complaint about what we talked about, but simply a statement of a fact that the team executed on everything that it had in front of it last year, not the least of which was the rate case, the storms that came through this area, the cold weather snaps that we had, and so on and so forth. So I want to end with a comment that was made in the beginning of, in the middle of my prepared remarks, which is a thank you to the employees that are here at PSEG. They do a fantastic job day in and day out, and that shows up in a multitude of areas. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We look forward to seeing you at one of the roadshows.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob, and I’m your event operator today. I’d like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group’s Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, November 4, 2024, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG’s Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning. And welcome to PSEG’s third quarter 2024 earnings presentation. On today’s call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today’s discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed later today. PSEG’s earnings release and other matters discussed during today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income as reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today’s material. Following the prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us on the call to review PSEG’s third quarter results and update you on two important regulatory filings that we successfully resolved through the settlements that were approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities last month. Let’s start with our financial results. PSEG reported net income of $1.04 per share for the third quarter of 2024, bringing results for the first nine months to $2.97 per share. This compares the net income of $0.27 per share and $4.03 per share for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively, which was impacted by the pension lift-out that occurred in August of 2023. Our results for the quarter and year-to-date periods are summarized on Slides 7 and 9 in the webcast slides. PSEG’s non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.90 per share for the third quarter of 2024 and $2.84 per share for the first nine months of the year. This compares the non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.85 per share and $2.94 per share for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. As a reminder, our non-GAAP results exclude the items shown in Attachments 8 and 9, which are included in the earnings release. Dan will provide a detailed financial review later in the call, but I want to note that the solid operating and financial results we have posted for the third quarter and year-to-date period enable us to narrow our original full year 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance from $3.60 per share to $3.70 per share to a range of $3.64 per share to $3.68 per share. This updated and narrow range reflects the implementation of PSEG’s new base distribution rates that went into effect on October 15th and PSEG Powers realization of a significant portion of its 2024 gross margin during the second half of this year. On the operating front, during the third quarter, summer weather in New Jersey returned to normal following a second quarter that was the warmest we’ve experienced in more than 55 years. We have seen the devastating impacts of hurricanes and storms in many parts of the country. Fortunately, the hurricane season in our service territory has been quiet thus far and we have been pleased to send mutual aid to some of our southern peers. PSEG met its 2024 summer peak load of 10,152 megawatts on July 16th with temperatures of 98 degrees Fahrenheit, and our transmission and distribution network operated as expected with high reliability and minimal outages. At PSEG Power, our merchant nuclear fleet continues to perform well, supplying New Jersey and the PGM grid with reliable 24x7 carbon-free energy. We also continue to pursue long-term growth opportunities in nuclear, including incremental output and long-term contracts at potentially higher prices. The attributes of these nuclear facilities is helping to attract new technology-based businesses to the state and the results of those long-term opportunities would be incremental to PSEG’s stated 5% to 7% long-term non-GAAP operating earnings growth rate. In October, PSEG Nuclear began the coast down of Salem Unit 2, which had just completed a 527-day breaker-to-breaker run to begin its scheduled refueling. The Salem station also recently received its third consecutive exemplary rating from the Institute for Nuclear Power Operators, the Peer-to-Peer Operations and Safety Benchmarking Group. Switching to regulatory activity, we are pleased to have successfully resolved two major regulatory filings last month, PSE&G’s base rate case, and the second phase of its Clean Energy Future-Energy Efficiency programs. First, the BPU approved PSE&G’s multiparty settlement of its first base electric and gas distribution rate case since 2018, with new rates effective October 15th. We appreciate the work done by all parties to achieve a balanced settlement that provides recovery of all of our prudent capital investments to reliably serve customers, while also preserving affordability. The terms of the settlement provide for an additional $505 million in annual revenues, including recovery of previously deferred costs and an incremental fallback to customers of tax benefits due to accelerated deductions and prior federal tax rate changes. The updated revenue requirement is based upon a distribution rate base of $17.8 billion, a return on equity of 9.6% and an equity ratio of 55% of total capitalization. PSE&G was also approved to implement new pension and storm deferral mechanisms going forward. This directly addresses one of our key objectives, which has been to increase the predictability of our financial results by reducing variability, benefiting both the customer and our shareholders. You’ll recall back in 2022, we identified three paths to address the accounting impacts of pension costs. Combined with a regulatory accounting order we obtained in 2023, along with a lift out of a portion of the non-regulated pension obligations, this new deferral mechanism will provide for the recovery of annual pension and OPEB expenses, and should help to mitigate most of the remaining pension variability going forward. The BPU also approved the settlement of PSE&G’s energy efficiency filing that covers a commitment period from January of 2025 to June of 2027. The approval authorizes an investment program of $1.9 billion net of administrative expenses and an additional $1 billion program for customer on-bill repayment for purchases of EE equipment. Both programs will be treated as rate-based and will be completed through 10 energy efficiency programs over approximately six years. The second phase of energy efficiency programs will continue New Jersey’s efforts to help all customers save energy, reduce utility bills, lower carbon emissions and continue our EE-related job training, the focus on lower and middle income communities. Customer bill affordability remains a key focus alongside our energy efficiency and cost containment efforts. Following this past distribution-based rate increase, PSE&G retained its favorable bill comparison position versus regional peers on an electric and gas customer bills. A typical PSE&G residential customer will pay an electric bill consistent with the regional average and continue to have the lowest gas bill in the region. In addition, the BPU authorized on October 1st PSE&G’s gas supply cost reduction, lowering the BGSS rate from $0.40 per therm to $0.33 per therm, in time to help customers during the upcoming winter heating season. The BGSS gas cost reduction, when combined with the base rate changes that occurred in October, lowered the bill impact of the base rate increase for a typical combined electric and gas customer from 7% to an increase of about 5%. On the capital investment side, PSE&G invested approximately $1 billion during the third quarter and is projected to complete 2024 with capital spending at $3.5 billion, slightly higher than planned by about $100 million. This is driven by higher new business requests and EE spend. Notably, within this year’s capital expenditures, we are also on budget and on schedule to complete almost all of our AMI installations by year end. We continue to forecast PSE&G’s five-year $19 billion to $22.5 billion capital plan through 2028, with the regulated portion representing $18 billion to $21 billion of the total. With the energy efficiency settlement approved, we will begin commitments under this new program this coming January. These energy efficiency investments are already captured in our projections that produce the compound annual growth rate in rate base of 6% to 7.5% over the 2024 through 2028 periods. Switching to regulated competitive transmission solicitations, the BPU selection of the winner or winners of the pre-billed offshore wind infrastructure is expected by year end. We also submitted bids into PGM’s 2024 Regional Transmission Expansion Plan Window 1. The solicitation took place in September. PGM is expected to recommend their preferred solutions in the next few months and then approve the selected projects in February of 2025. And as a reminder, none of these potential projects are included in our current capital investment forecast. PSE&G recently updated its load study as a part of an annual submission to PGM for use in its load forecast updates. Our existing data center peak load currently stands at approximately 350 megawatts and these sites are expected to expand by about 170 megawatts over the next 10 years. We have also received formal applications to initiate nearly 400 megawatts of new data center load and inquiries over 1,200 megawatts of data center feasibility studies in new business. These amounts do not represent firm commitments, but they provide an indication of the increase in interest. Last week, CoreWeave, a data center developer, announced plans to invest $1.2 billion to convert a 280,000-square-foot facility to build its first data center in New Jersey. New Jersey has numerous locations that could be reutilized in a similar fashion and the state’s economic development efforts are focused on replicating this activity throughout the state. We are aware of the FERC technical conference and decision on Friday. We will continue to look for clarity on this issue going forward. That said, we believe that data center demand will continue to grow, and we anticipate the continued desire for carbon-free dispatchable power. As such, at PSEG Power, we continue to pursue contracting of our nuclear output at long-term attractive pricing with low execution risk that can also help attract new technology-based businesses to New Jersey, consistent with state policy. In addition, we are pursuing thermal inefficiency upgrades at our co-owned Salem units that could potentially increase their combined output by approximately 200 megawatts and we believe would qualify for the technology-neutral tax credits for new carbon-free generation. Switching to the Long Island contract, as you know, our existing operating service agreement and power supply contract with LIPA runs through the end of 2025. LIPA began a process on the renewal and extension of both the OSA and fuel management contracts. We have submitted our proposals into LIPA’s RFP process and anticipate an update on the status of both proposals during the first quarter of 2025. So, wrapping things up on the quarter, today, we are reaffirming our guidance for long-term non-GAAP operating earnings growth of 5% to 7% through 2028, which had incorporated an expected balanced rate case outcome consistent with the approved settlement recently implemented. We approved EE program and used the threshold price of the nuclear production tax credit to price the output of our nuclear units. In closing, through the first nine months of the year, solid execution is driving our expected results. We have settled four regulatory proceedings in the past six months and we are also advancing our five-year capital investment plan focused on infrastructure modernization and energy efficiency initiatives. PSEG has continued to focus on increasing the predictability of our financial results as we prioritize a solid balance sheet. This has enabled us to fund our five-year capital investment plan totaling $19 billion to $22.5 billion without the need to issue new equity or sell assets and provides the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividend growth. I’d like to close with a thank you to all our employees for all they do. We’re a special shout-out to the PSEG crews who went to Florida and Georgia on mutual aid to assist with service restoration after Hurricanes Milton and Helene. The mutual aid network is rather unique in our industry and we are very pleased to reciprocate the help we received from mutual aid crews after Superstorm Sandy. I will now turn the call over to Dan to discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail and we’ll be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG reported net income of $1.04 per share for the third quarter of 2024, compared to $0.27 per share in 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.90 per share in the third quarter of 2024, compared to $0.85 per share in 2023. Slides 7 and 9 detail the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business segment for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. Slides 8 and 10 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes for the quarter-over-quarter and nine-month periods in non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSEG, which reported third quarter net income and non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.76 per share for 2024, compared to $0.80 per share in 2023. The main drivers for both net income and non-GAAP results for the quarter were growth in rate base from higher regulated investments that was more than offset by higher investment-related depreciation and interest expense in advance of the October rate effective date of our distribution rate case approval. Compared to the third quarter of 2023, transmission margin was flat due to higher recovery of investment offset by the timing of a formula rate true up. Energy efficiency margin was a $0.01 per share favorable on higher investment and distribution margin increased by $0.06 per share. Split between Energy Strong II and the Infrastructure Advancement Program or IAP recoveries and the absence of storm cost amortization from a year ago. Distribution O&M expense was $0.04 per share unfavorable compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to the timing of spending and higher cyber and IT spend. Depreciation and interest expense rose by a $0.01 per share and $0.03 per share, respectively, compared to the third quarter of 2023 reflecting continued growth and investment and higher interest expense. Lower pension and OPEB income resulting from the cessation of OPEB related credits which ended in 2023 resulted in a penny per share unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. Lastly the timing of taxes recorded through an annual effective tax rate which nets to zero over a full year and other taxes had a net unfavorable impact of $0.02 per share in the quarter compared to 2023. Weather during the third quarter as measured by the temperature humidity index was 5% warmer than normal but 5% cooler than the third quarter of 2023 and just as a reminder weather variations have minimal impact on a utility margin because of the Conservation Incentive Program or CIP mechanism, which limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins while helping PSE&G promote the adoption of its energy efficiency programs. The number of electric and gas customers which is the driver of margin under the CIP mechanism continued to grow by approximately 1% each over the past year. On capital spending PSE&G invested approximately a $1 billion during the third quarter bringing year-to-date spend to $2.7 billion. For the full year 2024 our capital spend is expected to total $3.5 billion slightly higher than our original plan of $3.4 billion based on the continued execution of our electric system reliability programs including Energy Strong and last mile spend in the IAP, our ongoing gas infrastructure replacement spending, as well as our energy efficiency programs. We are reaffirming our 2024 to 2028 regulated capital investment plan of $18 billion to $21 billion, as well as our rate-based CAGR over the same period of 6% to 7.5%. Moving to PSEG Power and Other. For the third quarter of 2024, PSEG Power and Other reported net income of $0.28 per share, compared to a net loss of $0.53 per share for the third quarter of 2023. The non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.14 per share for the third quarter of 2024, compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.05 per share for the third quarter of 2023. For the third quarter of 2024 net energy margin rose by $0.16 per share, driven by higher re-contracting prices at nuclear, which includes the net impact of the nuclear PTC that took effect January 1, 2024. As a reminder for 2024, we mentioned it that we anticipated realizing a significant portion of the increase in the 2024 gross margin over 2023 gross margin during the second half of the year based upon the shape of our underlying hedges. This differs from last year when PSEG Power realized most of the step up in the annual hedge price in the first quarter of 2023. O&M was $0.03 per share unfavorable, mostly driven by higher costs from the Peach Bottom units and the absence of a one-time benefit last year. Interest expense was $0.04 per share higher reflecting incremental debt at higher interest rates, and taxes and other were a $0.01 per share favorable compared to the third quarter 2023.On the operating side the nuclear fleet produced approximately 8.1 terawatt hours during the third quarter of 2024 in line with the year earlier period and ran at a capacity factor of 94.5%. Touching on some recent financing activity. As of the end of September, PSEG had total available liquidity of $3.4 billion, including $200 million of cash on hand. Through September 30, 2024, cash from operations was strong and our cash collateral balance was below $200 million, supporting our strong liquidity position. PSEG’s variable rate debt at the end of September consisted of a $1.25 billion term loan maturing March of 2025, the entirety of which has been swapped to a fixed rate, which mitigates fluctuations in interest rates. As of the end of September, given our swaps, we had minimal variable rate debt. In August, PSE&G issued $1.1 billion of secured medium-term notes or MTNs, comprised of $600 million of 4.85% MTNs due August 2034, and $500 million of 5.3% MTNs due August of 2054. A portion of the proceeds were used to repay the $250 million August 15th maturity of 3.15% MTNs. Looking ahead, our solid balance sheet supports the execution of PSEG’s five-year capital spending program, dominated by regulated CapEx, without the need to sell new equity or assets, and provides the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividend growth. In closing, we are narrowing PSEG’s full year 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance to $3.64 per share to $3.68 per share from $3.60 per share to $3.70 per share prior. This update reflects PSEG’s solid results through the first three quarters of 2024 and PSE&G’s new distribution base rates, which took effect October 15th. We are also reaffirming our long-term 5% to 7% compound annual growth in non-GAAP operating earnings through 2028, supported by our capital investment programs and the nuclear PTC. With rate case and energy efficiency filings now approved, we will look to finalize our annual business planning process, which will position us to update our financial guidance disclosures with our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings release. We will introduce PSEG’s non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for 2025. We will refresh and roll forward our capital investment plans. We will update our rate base and long-term earnings figures and discuss the details during our year-end call in February of 2025. That concludes our formal remarks and we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, guys. Good morning, Ralph. Good morning, Dan.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Shar.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So just, Ralph, starting off on the ISA issues at FERC and sort of the risks behind the meat or nuclear deals, does this kind of change the calculus on your commercial discussions with Artificial Island? Does this push the conversations to a more conventional deal with transmission interconnections? So any changes with your discussions there and do you have the interconnection capacity to present an in-front-of-the-meter option to a potential counterparty? Thanks.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Char. Thanks. Yeah. So, look, I’ll try to hit on that whole interconnection agreement issue up front here a little bit. First of all, we think that was a very narrow decision that was made by FERC, so very specific to what was submitted by the parties there. We’re not part of that. We were not party to that agreement, so I don’t want to talk in a lot of details about it, but it has not slowed us down and will not slow us down from trying to help the State of New Jersey meet their economic development goals. There’s a lot of different ways to come to a solution. I think Talon had one solution. We’ve seen Constellation with another solution. I think each individual customer and each individual site will bring a different solution to the table. We still think we’re very uniquely positioned because of our 3-unit site and the redundancy that exists there. We like the additionality that our early site permit could provide to somebody else. We like the additionality that our upgrades are going to provide and we like the additional megawatt hours that we’re going to get from our Hope Creek facility when we change the fuel cycle. So there’s a lot of things that are a little bit different about our site than others and I think when we continue to have our conversations, all of those things will come to light and play itself out.
Shar Pourreza: So, Ralph, it sounds like, despite the FERC rejection, it doesn’t sound like the messaging, the conversations, anything has changed from before the event happened?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. Sure, again, it’s been 72 hours or so since that all came out. Look, I think, there’s a number of different paths where we can see an ultimate solution come out, but for our specific scenario, I stick to what I said a couple minutes ago, you could -- look, you could see somebody in that proceeding asking for a rehearing and trying to get a different solution there, you could see something coming out of the federal, I mean, not the federal, the technical conference and what they have going on, you could see something coming out of the 205 proceeding that Exelon has or you could see somebody put together an interconnection agreement that is a little different than the one that exists and comes out with a solution that the FERC supports. So any of those scenarios are possible and I just think we’re dead focused on supporting the State of New Jersey’s economic development goals.
Shar Pourreza: And just lastly for me, Ralph, just -- I don’t want to put you in a corner and just ask about timing, but maybe I’ll give it a shot. Do you have any sense on the timeline? I know when we’ve had conversations in the past, it’s been hopefully by this year, by the end of this year, governor’s obviously leaving next year, this is an important initiative for him. Can you just maybe give us a sense on timing and where you are with the discussions? Thanks.
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. Sorry if that was misunderstood or I misspoke, but we always have said in our conversations that we would like to get this done during this governor’s term. He turns out at the end of the next year, obviously, there’ll be an election in November and different policies will be discussed, but we’ve been focused on that timeline since we’ve started the discussions.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for that.
Ralph LaRossa: Elections and supporting his initiatives would make a ton of sense for us.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Looking forward to that. Appreciate it. See you guys in a few days in Florida. Thanks again.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Our next question is from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Thanks so much both. So I wanted to ask, when you kind of outlined the prior kind of 5% to 7% growth rate, we talked about it not being linear and as we’re kind of getting to the end of the year here, there’s been a lot that’s happened, right? Like you have new rates in New Jersey, presumably you were under earning your ROE there. We also kind of have this capacity auction print. Can you just kind of talk about how that positions you within that 5% to 7% and any drivers we should kind of consider as we get to 2025? Thanks.
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. Sure. I’m going to let Dan give you some details there.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. Nick, and I’m not going to give it 2025 or any particular year’s guidance as we step forward. I think that range is where we are. I do think to your point you’re looking at elements that will come into play. We had assumed all along we would see the result of this rate case in the second half of the year. So kind of the timing is as expected and one of the key elements that we looked at for that rate case was being able to fully recover the capital that we had prudently deployed during that period and that was also where the rate case came out. So I think we got a good outcome and I think it was where we expected it to be, but that’s been baked into how we’ve been thinking about where we’re going. To your point, I do think on capacity, it’s unfortunate that we do have a delay, but we will continue to step through those auctions as we go through time. There’s a little bit of a balancing for those auctions. If you think about the auctions may go up and down, they do split years, right, Nick? So you’ve got kind of a June to May timeframe and so to the extent that you see some ups and downs throughout where those auctions may go, you will see a moderating effect on the year-over-year results that we see. So I think if you just think about that range of 5% to 7% that we’ve given, you’d be in pretty good shape as you step through the timeframe that we talked about.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, just thinking about like, if you were to move Artificial Island front-of-the-meter in any scenario, how impactful is that to the overall economics? Is there any kind of level that you would kind of guide to on what a grid charge actually looks like in that region on a $1 per megawatt basis or otherwise? I appreciate it.
Ralph LaRossa: Well, Nick, so a couple things there. Let me go back to the capacity auction for a second. And Dan correctly said we’re sorry to see that the auction didn’t proceed, right? But we’re also happy that the PJM is going to take a step back and get that right. So we filed some comments to that effect and it was really just based upon getting the reference unit right and figuring out this RMR piece that I would encourage you all to take a look at some of the filings that were made around that RMR complaint that went in. There were some pieces there about Brandon Shores that might be helpful for people to take a look at. And then look, from a pricing standpoint, if you -- just take a look at the transmission rate that exists within the ACE service territory. It’s just under $7 a megawatt hour right now and I think if you step back and look at that full rate on a network service basis and net it, it could really put in context the amount of dollars that we’re talking about here that is at risk in any way, shape or form. And how, whether it’s made up in the pricing deal or tax breaks or something else, the State of New Jersey could still meet its economic goals.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. That’s super helpful. Thanks for the caller. I’ll see you in a few days here. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Pleased to see you with your questions.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, team. If I could…
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Paul.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Thanks. If I could follow up on Nick’s question, I don’t mean to nitpick, but when you answered, do you expect to be within that 5% to 7% CAGR every year on an annual basis, because I know we’ve talked about the production tax credits a little lumpy, the rate case dynamics. So do you expect to be within that range every year? Is that more like a CAGR we should think of?
Dan Cregg: I think you ought to be thinking about it as kind of how the business will run on a go-forward. Could we be in situations where we could move around within that period? Absolutely, Paul. But I think that’s a good way to think about it as longer term on a CAGR basis.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Understood. And then shifting to the transmission side of the house, could you give a little scope or quantification of some of the PGM RTEP proposals? I saw there was that roughly $400 million greenfield project in PSEG, but just any other perspective or transmission needs would be helpful? Thanks.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. I mean, so I think, I’d first start by just, if you go backwards, we were successful in Maryland and have a project that’s moving along there. Ralph referenced on the call, in Window 1, we’ve got a proposal sitting in front of PJM that’s kind of comparably sized, which we’ll find out in short order. I think what you’re going to continue to see, Paul, given the other topic that’s been kicked around and will continue to be on the data centers, more of these opportunities that will come forward. I think we’ll analyze them all. We’ll try to figure out what makes sense for us to move forward on, but I can tell you that we do move forward with some confidence in our ability to do the work and to put in competitive bids to continue to move forward. The other thing I would say is just, as you take a look at the capital program, incremental competitively bid transmission is not in that program. So we don’t need to be able to win some of these competitive programs to be able to hit the capital budget.
Paul Zimbardo: Yes. Very clear. Thanks a lot.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Surprisingly, I want to come back to the data center conversation here. And just wanted to start off, I guess, when you look at the power market opportunity set, can you talk more about the potential upside related to thermal operates or other opportunities? I think you had mentioned 200 megawatts in the past, but that was predicated on a certain pricing outlook and maybe that’s changed. So just wondering, given everything that we have in front of us now, how you think about that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. No. We’re still in that 200 megawatts range right now. Our teams continue to look at what opportunity sets might be out there and are going to continue to refine it, but we have not moved off that 200 megawatts at this point.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. And then just thinking more broadly as well, is time to power something your customers care about the most or is it about carbon-free and your objectives being to support the New Jersey State economic development here? And if it is time to power, that’s most important. Does the FERC delay hurt those conversations?
Ralph LaRossa: No. Jeremy, I think it’s, look, it’s all of the above and it depends upon which customer you’re talking to. Some are really focused on additionality from a clean generation standpoint. Some are focused on the times, the speed, the market. There’s no doubt about that. And then I think you have people that are looking at the reliability of the units and how everyone operates them. So, we’re -- believe we’re in pretty good shape on all three of those factors and that’s why we haven’t indicated at all that we -- we’re backing down.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. That’s very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning and thank you for your time.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Ralph, good morning, and good morning. Hey. Just, Ralph, you kind of went through the tariff implications of the FERC order in a lot of detail. Thank you for that. Maybe just address grid reliability. I mean, that was one of the things that was brought up in the order you just mentioned it, but just maybe a little bit more color as to how do you overcome that, this notion of taking power away from the grid and then giving it to the data center? Any color you can share, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. So, Durgesh, I don’t think we could really state anything there with any sense of certainty right now, right? You’ve got so many different things that are going on with the topology and the grid down in that region. Brandon Shores, as an example, it’s a large unit. That unit stays on. It’ll have one impact on the region. If it comes off, it’ll have another. Where TMI ultimately connects into the grid in that region is going to have another impact on it. So I’d be getting way ahead of our skis if I was to tell you exactly what the grid reliability issues are. I can tell you this, from a stability standpoint on our system overall, we have extra capacity here in New Jersey because of the work that we did after the blackout of 2003 and after Superstorm Sandy. But I don’t want to tell you for sure that there won’t be any upgrades. It’ll be needed until I know how a lot of the other generators are going to play out in that part of PJM.
Dan Cregg: I mean, it’s a guess that just is, I think, important to keep sight of and it came out of some of Friday’s discussions. The data center stuff in the aggregate is a pretty important element for a whole host of reasons and I know national security is referenced and it’s going to come. And a lot of the discussions related to whether it’s behind-the-meter or in front-of-the-meter doesn’t ultimately change the supply demand needs, right? I mean, that’s been stated numerous times, but I think people can lose sight of that as you’re looking at some of the details as to how some of this thing may come to pass. At the end of the day, you’re going to have incremental demand and supply is going to be needed to meet it. And that’s, I think, where Ralph was taking off from.
Durgesh Chopra: Yeah. No. I certainly appreciate that discussion, whether it’s front or behind. I mean, the supply demand challenges are the supply demand challenges. So thank you for that. Just maybe, can I quickly follow up, Ralph? I mean, clearly Constellation on their earnings call just before you had a reference for kind of advocating for these co-location deals. Where do you -- what’s your stance on that? Would you rather preserve the option of having co-location next to your nuclear plants? I’m just trying to figure out if there’s a thought process, how would you kind of -- would you be supportive of co-location going forward or how do you think about that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. So, Durgesh, I tried to probably make this too simple for folks as we talk about it, but I’m sticking to it. I think it’s a combination of, what are you going to charge someone for energy? What are you going to charge somebody for transmission? And what are you going to charge someone in the way of taxes? And the combination of all of the above is the package that any state needs to bring to bear to attract that hyperscaler to the area. So, we have a very healthy tax refund plan in place right now. There’s tax incentives that I think are in this $700 million range, maybe $500 million range in the State of New Jersey, so that’s great and would be very, very helpful in attracting someone. Does it need a little bit of an additional kick on the transmission services? Maybe. Again, it depends upon whether that data center is going to be someone who’s going to be on 24x7. Are they going to be able to respond to demand response and get another revenue stream from that solution? So there’s multiple, multiple ways you can take a look at this. And so I don’t want to lock into, hey, we really want co-located over in front-of-the-meter, but I don’t want to lock into in front-of-the-meter or over co-located either. It’s really what’s going to bring to bear the solution that’s going to bring that, those entities to the State of New Jersey.
Durgesh Chopra: But thank you, Ralph. I appreciate the discussion. Thanks again.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Sullivan: Hey. Good afternoon.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Ralph. Appreciate the discussion, some of the numbers you put out there. Just some -- you all just refreshed your PJM large load forecast. How do we think about what Exelon has out there for ACE and how that may pertain to anything you’re pursuing at Artificial Island? Like would the load you’re trying to work with there be showing up in some of their numbers yet or no?
Ralph LaRossa: No. I don’t want to comment on what ACE submitted. I don’t really have any insight into how they made their calculations. So it kind of be, I’d be firm on that. I will say in general on the PJM footprint, there’s quite a bit of load coming in and it’s something that we’ve been talking about for quite some time. I think our numbers this year were more in line with what folks might have expected, but that was because we’ve been yelling for a few years in advance. And so I see a couple of the other utilities, especially to our west kind of catching up on that front, and I could say from an overall footprint standpoint, I was very happy to see the realistic load forecasts that came in, but specific to ACE, I wouldn’t want to comment on.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Sure. No worries there. And then maybe simply just how we think about LIPA and the opportunity and I guess risk there. Will you know enough by your year-end call to decide whether or not you include that in there? What’s just the range of outcomes they’re looking at, whether it be publicly owned or other?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. So I -- yeah, I don’t think they’re going with a publicly owned solution. What we continue to hear is that they’re going to stick with the service provider model. What we have at risk there is $0.07 to $0.08. We’ve been pretty clear about that over the last six months or so. And we shouldn’t know by the end of the first quarter of next year. I would expect sometime in the beginning of the year because that transition needs to take place by the end of 2025. So maybe we can find out something sooner, but my expectation is by the end of the first quarter, we would have a pretty good sense of where we stand with that. And a lot of it depends upon how that contract’s written and how aligned it is with some of the LIPA Reform Act goals that were put in place 10 years, 12 years ago now.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
David Arcaro: Hey. Good morning. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, David.
Dan Cregg: Hi.
David Arcaro: Thanks for that data on or that update on the new data center demand and just what you’re seeing with inquiries and feasibility studies. I was wondering, would there be any utility investment opportunities, potential higher CapEx given that incremental load that you’re seeing?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. So it’s not driving us to a different solution, but as Dan said in his prepared remarks, we’re going to roll all that forward in our fourth quarter call. I haven’t seen anything that would require us to build a new transmission line, that’s for sure, based upon what exists. One of the largest data center developers, the CoreWeave that we mentioned earlier, is going on the site of a former pharmaceutical headquarter. So there’s some decent facilities there, but there’ll need to be some upgrades done and how those upgrades are done are yet to be determined, whether it’ll be customer-based or utility-based. So, but nothing that I would say is driving an astronomical change in our capital programs.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. And the upshot of that is it’s a reference to the system and the state that it’s in and its ability to take on some incremental data centers. So that’s a net positive.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Absolutely. Oh! Got it. Thanks. And yeah, I didn’t really maybe appreciate the excess transmission capacity you might have in the state. Is there any way you might be able to quantify that as you think about, I don’t know if it’s number of megawatts that you could handle without major upgrades, or yeah, some of your peers have talked about that transmission capacity? So just wondering if you have any way to frame that.
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. David, I would encourage you to take a look at the CETO/CETL analysis that’s put out by PJM and how that all translates. Again, that changes based upon every year when PJM runs the process from a generator and load standpoint. So that’ll be a pretty good indication when that analysis is completed as to where the excess capacity exists.
David Arcaro: Okay. That works. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning, Ralph. Good morning, Dan.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Anthony.
Dan Cregg: Good morning, Anthony.
Ralph LaRossa: Welcome to hockey season.
Anthony Crowdell: Welcome to hockey season. The weather’s right and my voice is a little hoarse. I have a kid on my UA team, Ralph, who’s also named Ralph, and he’s a little extra attention. I don’t know if it’s the name. But just quickly, off of Mike Sullivan’s question, I mean, the LIPA contract, again, $0.07 to $0.08, it’s not incremental or instrumental to PEG’s earnings, but do you think that’s going to be more competitive to just go around given how successful it’s worked for you for the last, whatever, 10 years?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. I don’t want to, any reaction to that could be read as being a little bit too arrogant on the issue. I think we’ve done a great job. We’re very proud of the work that we’ve done there from a safety standpoint, from a reliability standpoint and from a customer satisfaction standpoint. So we’ve done all of that. We’ve met all of our commitments and prices have remained from an affordability standpoint, where the expectations were. So I think we have a very good story to tell. I just want to make sure that our story meets the needs of LIPA as they look forward.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And apologies if you’ve answered this already, just on the potential uprated Salem, have you guys quantified the cost of that and how many megawatts you think you’ll get out of it?
Ralph LaRossa: We were talking about 200 megawatts, but I don’t know if we’ve given the latest numbers out. We’ll follow up with Anthony on that and we’ll definitely have it in the deck that comes out for EEI.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. That’s all I had. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Fremont: Hey. Good morning. Congratulations.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Paul.
Paul Fremont: I just wanted to maybe get a little bit more detail on the CoreWeave lease. Has there been any determination in terms of who’s going to power that facility and how many megawatts are going to be needed to power the facility?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. I think the press release, my memory serves me correct, is about 125 megawatts initially and it’s going up to over 300 megawatts eventually when it’s all completed. From who they’re going to buy their power, I wouldn’t comment on that. We’re just, from a utility standpoint, if they’re with a third-party supplier, so be it. If not, we’ll be prepared to handle it through the PGES process. But I have not read anything about who they’ve contracted with.
Paul Fremont: I mean, could you be potentially involved in powering the contract with the merchant nuclear?
Ralph LaRossa: We always could be involved, Paul. We have merch -- we have a retail license and we could be involved in that stuff, but they have not announced anything and I would not want to estimate or guess on what they might be doing.
Paul Fremont: And then, I guess, when you work in terms of with the governor’s office trying to bring in additional data centered developers into the state, are you also working with Constellation sort of in partnership since you’re in partnership with them in various nuclear plants?
Ralph LaRossa: No. So, Paul, right, my -- most of my involvement is at a personal level. I give my own time to Choose New Jersey, which is one of the governor’s economic development arms and so I work closely with them on their projects and what they may have and a lot of the data centered conversations take place between Choose New Jersey and the New Jersey Economic Development Authority. From a PSE&G standpoint, our customer operations team works directly when leads come in and when we get requests and then on the power side, Dan and his team are looking at it from a commercial operations standpoint. So, that’s where our interactions take place and not necessarily from an enterprise level with the Governor’s Office.
Paul Fremont: Got it. And then lastly, in terms of the PTCs, is there a final interpretation out by the DOE in terms of how they’re going to account for the PTCs and market prices?
Ralph LaRossa: I will give that one to Dan.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. We’re still waiting on regs from Treasury. The exact definition of gross receipts fall. So the answer is no.
Paul Fremont: So, for accounting purposes, how are you handling it?
Dan Cregg: Yeah. So we are taking our best internal estimate as to where things will land and moving accordingly. We have heard references that it’s their intent to move forward on this by the time this administration is out. I don’t know whether the election would have anything to do with it. I guess we’ll have one day to wait to find out that and maybe a little bit longer to find out a result. But the sense we get is that it’s near-term, but we don’t have it right now.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is come from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Carly Davenport: Hey, team. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Carly.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Carly.
Carly Davenport: Maybe just wanted to start on the nuclear fuel side. I think you’ve updated the commentary that you’re now essentially covered through 2027. Just as we think about some of the capacity addition announcements that we’re starting to see in, call it, 2028 plus, is this timeframe of sort of contracting out two years to three years the way that you plan to manage your fuel purchases going forward or just any thoughts on how you’re thinking about that would be helpful.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. Carly, this is Dan. I think the way to think about it is in light of exactly what you are talking about, right? The market dynamics have become a little bit more volatile and we do continue to look out over time. So there could be some lengthening of the overall timeframes. It would depend upon striking the right commercial deal as well, right? So we’re not going to go out in time just to go out in time if at the end of the day the commercial aspects of that deal don’t make sense. But I think what you are referencing is the volatility that we are seeing in the market in a sensible approach is to look at it a little bit further and see what can be done there. So updates to follow as those deals come to closure.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks for that. And then just a quick follow-up, I think maybe to Paul’s question from earlier on the up rates. When you’re having conversations with potential data center customers, are those up rate volumes a part of those conversations or is that something that would be kind of incremental?
Dan Cregg: Yeah. They are a part of it. I mean, obviously the aggregate output of the facilities is of interest. Number one, an additionality is of interest as well. And so there’s definitely interest in understanding what the overall facility would look like. But I think as you saw from the Microsoft deal, additionality is also in folks’ mind and so it is a -- that’s definitely a part of the discussion.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Dan Cregg: Yeah.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Carly.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just sort of to follow up on the co-location issue, if I was to understand the commentary and everything, it sounds like the tax issue is pretty much resolved by the State of New Jersey offering tax breaks, et cetera. And that’s just the $7 of transmission cost that in theory would be in play or a portion of that associated with being behind-the-meter in New Jersey. Is that the way to think about it?
Ralph LaRossa: That is…
Dan Cregg: Yeah.
Ralph LaRossa: That is the way to think about it.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then do you have any, do have any -- do you know why the two commissioners declined to participate in the order?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. I -- no. We just know that they recused themselves. So I’d have to refer you back to FERC on that one.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then finally, as I’m sure you’re aware that the OPSI, which NJBPU is part of, has been making letters back and forth with PJM correspondents and P3’s been responding and what have you about their concerns about the capacity market and the prices. I know you guys are very focused on affordability as you guys outlined today as well. Just how do you think, I mean, with the history of LCAP and everything else, and it seems like we’re maybe getting to a market situation in which we don’t see a lot of new generation showing up, at least the right kind of generation and these high prices, how should we think about this apprehension that’s being voiced by state regulators and by consumers and what have you? How do you -- when you see that, what kind of thoughts go through your mind, I guess, if you follow what I’m saying?
Ralph LaRossa: Yeah. No. I do, Paul. Look, I think state regulators are doing exactly what state regulators should do and that’s looking out for the best things they can from a customer standpoint. I think they’re also trying to balance a reliability issue and I will tend to line on both of those issues. I will tell you what I worry about is 10 years from now, and as this continues to, this industry continues to morph, I want to make sure that there’s enough generation and I worry that without having a good price signal that’s a long-term price signal, that might not take place. So I was, we’ve mentioned earlier in the call, and I’ll just reinforce here, that we thought it was the right thing to do the pause. We want to get the reference unit right. We want to get the RMR contracts treated the right way, but there’s a lot of detail behind both of those comments that I just made, and making sure that that’s done correctly, and then done over a longer period of time than one-year price signals, I think is where you’re going to find the right solution. So from an OPSI standpoint, I don’t, I think they’re weighing in just when they should and I think that it’s pretty well aligned with the same thoughts that we have from a reliability and affordability standpoint.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks a lot. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time and I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Ralph LaRossa: Great. Yeah. So, let me just take a couple seconds here and I certainly understand and respect all the questions that we got on co-location today, and specifically, in light of the decision that was handed down from FERC on Friday. But I want to just take a second to focus on the outstanding results that the team put out last quarter, not only from a financial standpoint, from an operating standpoint and the reliability that the utility delivered, the reliability that the nuclear units delivered and I think not to lose sight of the fact the mutual aid that we were able to support in the southern part of the state. Combine that with the outstanding results that were achieved with our regulators to find a solution that was both affordable and provided long-term reliability for our customers in our base rate case and helped customers achieve savings in our energy efficiency filing, really sets us up for the long-term in a very, very positive way. I understand of the long-term solutions for the data center, and specifically, the output of our nuclear plants is of concern, but again, I would put that in the context that we laid out here today in $7 a megawatt hour for transmission rates down in the artificial island area. So we continue to be very positive, looking forward to speaking to everybody at EEI, in which time we’ll give you even some more details on all those things we spoke about. So thanks for calling in and look forward to seeing you in Florida.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. Let me disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob and I'm your event operator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 30th, 2024 and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG's investor relations website at https:\\investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Carlotta, please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning, and welcome to PSEG's second quarter 2024 earnings presentation. On today's call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today's discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed later today. PSEG's earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income as reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's material. Following the prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30 minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us to review PSEG's second quarter results. PSEG reported net income of $0.87 per share for the second quarter of 2024, bringing results for the first half of 2024 to $1.93 per share. This compares to net income of $1.18 per share and $3.76 per share for the second quarter and first half of 2023, respectively. The 2023 GAAP earnings have reflected higher mark-to-market gains that benefited those earnings. Our results for the quarter and year-to-date periods are summarized on Slides 7 and 9 in the webcast slides. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.63 per share for the second quarter of 2024 and $1.94 per share for the first half of the year. This compares a non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.70 per share and $2.09 per share for the second quarter and first half of 2023, respectively. As a reminder, our non-GAAP results exclude the items shown in attachments eight and nine, which are included with the earnings release. Dan will provide a detailed financial review later in the call, but I want to note that the results for the first six months of 2024 are on track with our full year expectations. These expectations reflect the anticipated resolution of PSE&G's distribution rate case later this year and the realization of most of the increase in PSEG Power and others 2024 gross margin concentrated in the fourth quarter. Turning to operations for the second quarter. New Jersey has experienced what may turn out to be one of the hottest summers. The early and extended heat wave we experienced last month made June 2024, the second warmest June in our records. Our electric transmission and distribution system performed exceptionally well, meeting the daily load requirements. In addition, our employees provided outstanding customer care, handling double the call volume compared to the same period in 2023, responding to requests for customer service and air conditioning repairs. PSE&G responded to the elevated coal volume and restored power to the electric customers affected by severe storms and heat related incidents, bringing them back online in under 24 hours, while responding to air conditioning service calls on average in nine hours. Our electric and gas systems also withstood a 4.8 impact earthquake in April, which resulted in required inspections, but resulted in no operational issues. At PSEG Power, we completed the scheduled refueling of our wholly-owned Hope Creek nuclear station on schedule, which lowered the fleet's capacity factor from over 96% in the first quarter to 82.7% for the second quarter. As expected, the refueling average also reduced total generation for the second quarter, but for the year-to-date through June, the two Salem units, which share the site with Hope Creek operated at a capacity factor of 99%, keeping us on track with our full year generation forecast of 30 to 32 terawatt hours. Switching to regulatory activity. In May 2024, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities or the BPU, approved an additional extension of our clean energy future or energy efficiency program of approximately $300 million, covering a six month commitment period from July of 2024 through December of 2024. And in June, the BPU approved the recovery of PSE&G's previously deferred COVID-19 costs over a five year period starting in June of 2025. We continue to participate in confidential discussions with various parties to resolve both our distribution, base rate case, as well as the $3.1 billion Energy Efficiency II filing. These discussions are ongoing in parallel and we anticipate that both cases can be resolved later this year. We recently submitted the final update to the base rate case filing, with actual data for the full test year. As a reminder, the combined electric and gas distribution rate case filing is primarily to recover incremental capital spending. We have proposed an overall revenue increase of 9% with a typical combined residential, electric and gas customer seeing a proposed increase of 12%, or less than 2% compounded growth over the six year period. As a single state utility with dual regulatory jurisdictions, this distribution filing covers approximately 57% of our total rate base. That said, customer affordability continues to be a priority. And we continue to compare favorably with our regional peers. PSE&G customers have a lower than average electric bill and the lowest gas bill in the region. Additionally, PSE&G recently filed with the BPU to implement another gas supply cost reduction this October, a third since January 2023, which will further help customer affordability this coming winter. Moving on to capital investments. We remain on track to execute PSEG's five year $19 billion to $22.5 billion capital plan through 2028. The regulated portion represents $18 billion to $21 billion of the total, focused on infrastructure replacement and our award-winning energy efficiency programs. PSE&G has placed into service over 2 million of the 2.3 million smart meters planned through our AMI program, still on schedule for completion by the end of this year. These investments are captured in our projections for a compound annual growth rate and rate base of 6% to 7.5% over the 2024 through 2028 period, starting from a year end 2023 rate base of $29 billion, which was up 10% over the prior year. We also continue to pursue potential incremental investment opportunities for future regulated growth. Along those lines, PSE&G is experienced an increase in new business requests and feasibility studies from potential data center customers across our service area compared with 2023 activity, which combined with increased electric vehicle charging is expected to drive load growth and system investment needs in the future. Switching to regulated transmission solicitations, which are scheduled for this summer, PSE&G expects that the BPU will announce the winner or winners of the pre-built offshore wind infrastructure during the second half of 2024. Last month, the BPU postponed its second state agreement approach process to procure transmission to support offshore wind generation, while it evaluates the impact of FERC and PGM activity on long-term transmission planning, cost allocation and interconnection queue reform. The BPU may reevaluate this timing and the need for a second SAA solicitation in six months, which would be this coming December. PJM opened the 2024 regional transmission Expansion Plan Window 1 solicitation earlier this month, which reflects their higher load growth forecast on the 2029 to 2032 plan horizon. That has been influenced by increased electrification expectations and data center load growth throughout PJM. We are evaluating the Window 1 solicitation for potential opportunities to bid this September. Now crossing the Hudson for a moment, and as expected, the Long Island Power Authority opened a request for proposal process to select the manager to operate their electric grid. Our existing operating services agreement and power supply contract with LIPA runs through the end of 2025. We intend to submit proposals into their RFP process and LIPA is expected to make selections early next year. At PSEG Power, we are also continuing to explore opportunities for the potential sale of electricity from our nuclear facilities pursuant to long-term agreements to supply large power energy users such as data centers and hydrogen producers. In addition, we are pursuing multiple growth plans that include thermal and efficiency upgrades at our co-owned Salem units that could potentially increase the combined output by up to 200 megawatts and qualify for tax credits under current rules. Today, we are reaffirming our guidance for long-term non-GAAP operating earnings growth of 5% to 7% through 2028, which is based on the threshold price of the Nuclear Production Tax Credit, or the PTC that also provides these units with revenue stability through 2032. We continue to deploy the free cash from the nuclear business to help fund utility growth without the need to issue new equity or sell assets and this continues to be a differentiating factor for us. Importantly, our solid balance sheet supports the execution of our capital investment program of $19 billion to $22.5 billion through 2028 and provides the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividend growth. In summarizing the first six months of the year, solid execution is driving our expected results. We have settled two regulatory proceedings in the past quarter and we are working to resolve our pending base rate case and the EE II filings later this year. We are also advancing our five year capital investment plan focused on infrastructure modernization and energy efficiency initiatives. These investments will help prepare our system for grid electrification of transportation, homes and workplaces, while also reducing greenhouse gas emissions and helping to lower customer bills. Last but certainly not least, I want to thank our employees for all they do. Their tireless efforts have helped us to maintain best-in-class operating statistics and customer service, especially through the challenging heat wave we have seen this year. I'll now turn the call over to Dan to discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail and will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG reported net income of $0.87 per share for the second quarter of 2024 and that compares to $1.18 per share in 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.63 per share in the second quarter of 2024, compared to $0.70 per share in 2023. Slides 7 and 9 detail the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business segment for the second quarter and first half of 2024. Slides 8 and 10 contain waterfall charts that will take you through the net changes for the quarter-over-quarter and six month periods in non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSE&G, which reported second quarter net income of $0.60 per share for 2024 compared to $0.67 per share in 2023. PSE&G had non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.60 per share for the second quarter of 2024 compared to $0.68 per share in 2023. The main drivers for both net income and non-GAAP results for the quarter were growth in rate base from higher regulated investments, offset by higher investment-related depreciation and interest expense, awaiting rate recovery in our pending rate case, as well as higher O&M costs due to regulatory, safety and weather-related activities. Compared to the second quarter of 2023, electric margin increased by $0.02 per share due to customer growth in the Conservation Incentive Program or CIP. And our final Energy Strong II recovery, an energy efficiency investment of $0.01 per share higher. Other distribution margin added $0.02 per share, while transmission margin declined by $0.02 per share due to timing of revenue and O&M, including our annual true up. Ralph referred to the heat wave we experienced in June, and this warmer weather combined with greater storm activity led to higher corrective maintenance costs during the quarter. Distribution O&M expense increased by $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of 2023, also due to higher gas meter inspections and safety costs. Depreciation and interest expense increased by $0.01 per share and $0.02 per share, respectively. Compared to the second quarter of 2023, reflecting continued growth in investment and higher interest expense. Lower pension and OPEB income resulting from the cessation of OPEB related credits, which ended in 2023 resulted in $0.01 per share unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. Lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an annual effective tax rate, which nets to zero over a full year and other taxes had a net unfavorable impact of $0.03 per share in the quarter, compared to 2023. Summer weather in the second quarter as measured by the temperature humidity index was 42% warmer than normal and 99% warmer than the second quarter of 2023. In fact, the second quarter of 2024 was the warmest second quarter in our records going back 55-years, mostly due to that June heat wave. As a reminder, weather variations have minimal impact on our utility margin, because of the Conservation Incentive Program or CIP mechanism, which limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins, while helping PSE&G broadly promote the adoption of its energy efficiency program. The number of electric and gas customers, which is the driver of margin under the CIP mechanism continued to grow by approximately 1% each over the past year. On capital spending, PSE&G invested approximately $900 million during the second quarter and we remain on track to execute on our 2024 regulated capital investment plan of $3.4 billion. It's focused on infrastructure modernization and decarbonization initiatives. These include upgrades and replacements to our T&D facilities, last mile spend in the infrastructure advancement program, ongoing gas infrastructure replacement spending and the continued lean energy investments across EE, smart meter installation and EV make-ready infrastructure. We are reaffirming our five year regulated capital investment plan of $18 billion to $21 billion from 2024 to 2028. The high end of this plan includes the $3.1 billion CEF, Energy Efficiency II filing made in December 2023 that would enable commitments from January 25 to June 27 based on the BPU's EE framework. As Ralph said earlier, this proceeding is expected to be resolved at the BPU later this year. Moving to PSEG Power & Other. For the second quarter of 2024, PSEG Power & Other reported net income of $0.27 per share compared to $0.51 per share for the second quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.03 per share for the second quarter of 2024 compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.02 per share for the second quarter of 2023. In the second quarter of 2024, net energy margin rose by $0.08 per share, driven by nuclear, including the net impact of the nuclear PTC that took effect January 1st, 2024. Partially offset by the anticipated reduction in generation due to the Hope Creek outage and capacity revenue. As a reminder, for 2024, there will be a shape to our quarterly results as we move through the remainder of the year. We anticipate realizing most of the increase in the 2024 gross margin over 2023's gross margin during the second half of the year, specifically in the fourth quarter based upon the shape of our underlying hedges. This differs from last year when PSEG Power realized most of the step up in the annual hedge price in the first quarter of 2023. O&M increased by $0.05 per share, mostly driven by the scheduled refueling at our 100%-owned Hope Creek nuclear unit. Interest expense was penny unfavorable reflecting incremental debt at higher rates, and taxes and other were $0.01 per share unfavorable compared to the second quarter of 2023, primarily reflecting the use of a higher effective tax rate in the quarter that will reverse over the balance of 2024. On the operating side, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 7 terawatt hours during the second quarter of 2024 compared to 7.7 terawatt hours in the year earlier period and ran at a capacity factor of 82.7%. Nuclear generation in the first half of 2024 totaled 15.2 terawatt hours, which was impacted by the Hope Creek refueling, but also benefited from high capacity factor performance at our two Salem units, which operated at 98.9% for the quarter and at 99.3% for the first half of 2024. Touching on some recent financing activity. As of the end of June, PSEG had total available liquidity of $3.1 billion, including $113 million of cash on hand. Following the issuance of $1.25 billion of PSEG senior notes in March, during the second quarter, PSEG paid off $500 million of a 364-day term loan in April and $750 million of PSEG senior notes in June. With the PSEG term loan redemption in March, PSEG variable rate debt at the end of June consisted of a $1.25 billion term loan maturing March 2025, the entirety of which has been swapped out from a variable rate to a fixed rate to mitigate the fluctuations in interest rates. At the end of June, given our swaps, we had minimal variable rate debt. On the credit ratings front, in June, Moody's updated PSEG Power's outlook to stable from positive. And this change is consistent with our future plans for leverage and our targeted credit rating. We continue to maintain a solid Baa2 investment-grade rating at PSEG Power. In closing, we are reaffirming PSEG's full year 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.60 to $3.70 per share. Which reflects continued rate base growth from ongoing regulated investments, offset by higher depreciation and interest as we await resolution of our pending distribution rate case later this year. We are also reaffirming our forecast of long-term 5% to 7% compound annual growth in non-GAAP operating earnings through 2028, supported by our capital investment programs and the nuclear PTC. This concludes our formal remarks and we are now ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you, guys for the time. It's nice to chat again. Back in action, as they say. Look, guys, nicely done. Seriously, a bunch of questions here, what you guys just said. First off, just talking about the data center opportunity, as is the buzz these days. Can you elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing today about your co-located opportunities? And how do you think about the economic benefit criteria that you would and other stakeholders would like to see contribute to the local community here? Obviously, that's a key element of bringing jobs to New Jersey here. So, can you elaborate on that? And then separately related, how would you characterize demand for data centers outside of perhaps co-located opportunities in New Jersey today? Any kind of quantifiable commitment numbers or soft numbers that you would kind of see today that you care to share?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, that's great. Thanks for that, Julien. And again, welcome back. Look, I would say a couple things to you. I'm going to answer your first question with purely my, choose New Jersey economic development hat on, and that is that it really has a couple of benefits of a co-located data center. And it's not necessarily just that it's co-located, it's the fact that it's a hyperscale data center. It's going to provide a clear signal to AI companies that are looking to locate here in New Jersey and in the region, that the infrastructure is here up and running and ready to go for their businesses to thrive. So, there'll be a lot of, I would say, trickle down opportunities that get created specific to the site. You obviously have your construction activities, but not the least of which would be driven by wire work that the IBWs here in New Jersey would benefit from. So, there's a lot of local opportunities that take place from the construction activities, they are one time. But as you've heard from others, they do grow over that one time. It's not all done in one month, it's over several years. They ramp up these data centers, and then there's a lot of other opportunities that happen for edge computing, or AI infrastructure around the hyperscale data center, like a co-located one would be. Specifically, to our utility at PSE&G, we are seeing quite a bit of activity that's taking place. We think about things and every utility is a little bit different as to what a commitment is. Some folks would count a commitment as only when they have a deposit for construction. Some would say a commitment is when you begin engineering work. Some would say just getting a lead in with some other financing that you need to do to get the utility to respond might be a commitment. Well, the way we think about it is those that are actually have moved on beyond the engineering phase, and we're seeing several hundred megawatts of data centers that are moving into that scenario here in New Jersey. And I would give you a little more breadth on that one, which is they all come in different sizes and shapes. Not only what the needs are at the location, from a power standpoint, it being different sizes, but actually the infrastructure that is required to support them are different based upon where they may be going, whether it's a green field, a brown field, or an existing building that has enough capacity already run to it. So, everyone's a little bit different. Everyone's a little different size, but it's taken place and it's significant for us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, guys. And just quickly, if I can just to clarify on the excellent on efforts, should we say complaint with Talend here, does that shift at all, your thought process on any co-located opportunities just out here, but I'm just curious.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, no, thank you, Julien. Again, look, that's not shifting us in any way, shape or form. We're committed to supporting the governor in his efforts on economic development. So, we are going to continue in that effort. I will say this to you, I'm a little bit concerned about co-located load as it impacts other industries. If you really think about co-located load, that doesn't just apply to data centers, that's for combining power plants, it's for cogeneration units. So, depending upon where this goes, I'm much -- while I'm concerned about data centers, I'm just as concerned about everything from rooftop solar behind a meter to co-generation that might be taking place.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, great. I'll leave it there. Talk to you guys soon. See you soon.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please see with your questions.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. How are you?
Ralph LaRossa: We're great. We don't have to say welcome back to you.
Shar Pourreza: No, no, thank God. Rob, just to follow up on Julien's question on sort of the protests at FERC against the Susquehanna ISA. Obviously it's not gonna have a bearing on you pursuing a deal, right, with artificial island. But if the protest turns into a hearing, an NOI or an RTO process, do you kind of wait before signing a deal?
Ralph LaRossa: I think every deal is going to be very specific. And look, I think the way our nuclear facilities are configured, they'll be different than a nuclear facility down the street. So, each one of those will be looked at differently, whether it's by PJM in its current rules that exist for co-located load or FERC, when they come out with some sort of a process, if they do under the current challenge that's there. So, no, I'm not really -- I don't think anything would hold us up. I think, again, I would just to reinforce, we're here to support the governor of New Jersey. The governor of New Jersey is focused on building out AI, he just passed and signed -- he didn't pass, he just signed some tax incentives, up to $500 million to attract AI businesses here to New Jersey. That just happened last week. If there's no more indication, and he's all in, that would be it for me. And we want to be a company that's supporting the policies of the state.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. Now that's helpful. It's a question we've been getting from investors. And then just last thing, obviously, you guys noted that the 5% to 7% growth rate kind of remains exclusive of upsides on kind of the nuclear business. So outside of kind of this data center opportunity, I guess, what progress have you made to implement some of the other upsides, right? So, any thresholds we should be thinking about on uprates as we head into sort of FIDs and some of these.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I don't -- I don't think we've really published anything sure specifically. I think everything is on track. I will say that, there's nothing that has raised a red flag for us in the process as we move forward, whether it be the fuel cycle changes at Hope Creek or the uprates that we mentioned in the prepared remarks at Salem, and certainly nothing on the long-term license extension. So, all three things are moving forward. And really, I have not seen a bump in the road from any internal analysis or anything that we've received externally.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. I appreciate it, guys. And big congrats on the execution. We'll be seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, good morning. Hey guys. Can you just comment, are you having discussions with your local transmission utility on an ISA for artificial island right now?
Ralph LaRossa: I don't think anyone who has co-located load has to have a discussion with the transmission provider until they move forward with an interconnection agreement. So, I don't. We have not at that. We have not stated that we're at that stage, and we haven't filed anything.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then just, I mean, you're in maybe a little bit of a unique position, and owning both unregulated generation and regulated transmission in PJM. And I don't think you all have kind of weighed in officially on the FERC docket, whereas it seems like the rest of the industry has. Any reasoning behind that or any thoughts you want to share on your views there?
Ralph LaRossa: Well, Michael, it's not a contract that we're privy to, so I really, I don't think we feel that we have enough details to weigh in on what is there. There's a process at PJM that we trust will be managed correctly by PJM. If FERC sees a challenge with that process, I'm sure that they'll step in. We believe in following the rules, and so the rules that exist have some very specific steps in it. And if we were to go down that path, we would follow those rules. As far as weighing in on policy changes, again, I can't tell you how much we're trying to focus on supporting the governor's economic development plans.
Michael Sullivan: Yep. No, that's super clear. I appreciate that. And then just, like, pivoting over to along the same lines with the states goals. Any stance on offshore wind in the state. Just in light of the Nantucket news up there, is it still kind of full speed ahead from the governor's standpoint?
Ralph LaRossa: It is from my perspective; I have not heard anything different. I know there were some challenges with the blades up there, but there was nothing that we've seen that would indicate there's anything slowing down the process here in New Jersey. In fact, I think the governor, I keep talking about his economic development initiatives, and certainly offshore wind remains at the top of that priority list.
Dan Cregg: Yes. There's an ongoing solicitation now, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please see with your questions.
Nick Campanella: Hey, thanks. Hope everyone's doing well. Hey, so just one more on the data center contract opportunity. Just, I know that you have the three different units and you can really cycle that as and market that as a kind of 24/7 offering, just given the refueling outage dynamics. But just thinking about kind of quantum of size here, does that conceptually mean that you'd be willing to sell up to a third of your total capacity? Are you trying to work to do something much more piecemeal and smaller than that? Just how should we kind of think about that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I look again, and Dan, if he wants to add anything, is he's a little bit closer to this in his, in his role with the development team. There's nothing that's that specific at this point for us. I think, look, there's so many different factors that'll be involved here. It'll be the ramp up that'll matter. It's going to be whether or not -- I've even heard some of these data centers are considering being a demand response resource. And that would certainly change the dynamics of any conversation. There's just so much uncertainty now, Nick, as to where you would settle with anybody on any of these cases. I don't want to talk about sizing. It would be really premature.
Nick Campanella: Totally get that. And then I guess just given PJM's auction is coming up here, I think tonight we'll get the results. But just your five to seven forecast, do you just assume just constant payment from the last auction or is there already an assumption embedded in there? Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And there's assumptions that are embedded within our overall longer-term plan. But if you think about what we are from a generation perspective, the nuclear units' capacity is not a very significant component of the overall mix. And so, there's a -- it is not, our five to seven overall, from an enterprise perspective, is not terribly sensitive to what that is. We'll see what comes out here, I think, where the parameters seem to point. And a lot of what I've read shows things may be a bit more bullish than we've seen recently, but we'll find out what that looks like at the end of the day. I don't expect it to be significant enough to move us within, certainly outside of the range, and barely move us inside the range.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to circle back on data centers, maybe a little bit more, if I could. You least references increased inquiries at PSEG for data centers and the need for system investment to address this and EV charging. Could you expand a bit more on these comments? And how much is this additive to your current capital plan? Any other important points for us to think about here?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think we'll roll forward our capital plan at the end of the year, beginning next year, as we have in the past. So, any updates on that front will come there. Jeremy, I tell you, I think, look, I'll walk you through a couple of scenarios that we're seeing in the utility space itself. One is you'll have, if anybody's familiar with Northern New Jersey, there used to be a big Nabisco plant up in the northern part of New Jersey that doesn't exist anymore. Greenfield is there and it's near a 69 KV sub transmission line that we just built out, which is very close to a substation. I wouldn't expect a lot of capital required if someone was to locate something there. But if you are talking about a data center that's going to go into an old industrial site in one of the cities that has used up most of its capacity, and they've chosen that location because the construction of the building is such that they won't really need to put up much capital to support all the servers that are there and the floor load and everything else that exists. And I think that one might need a little more capital that's going to be involved and it'll be a little more complicated and we'll see where things play out. So, every one of them are different. Right now, I would say that it's a mixed bag as to what we're seeing and where things are falling out. But it's positive for us in the fact that we continue to see the growth that's taking place here, and we're attracting the businesses. A number of AI folks have been working with the state and we're excited about it. We're never going to be maybe as big as some of the other states are going to be, just by the geographic size that we are. But I think it's going to make a difference for us here.
Dan Cregg: Hey Jeremy, the other thing I'd say is there's another layer as you take a look at what PJM has done from some of their competitive windows, that is data center related as well. Those are competitive solicitations. They end up in regulated transmission. You've seen us participate in those before where in Maryland, we have a $400 million and change capital opportunity, and I think more of those are available to us. They're competitive. We'll see where we go. We don't count on those within our existing plan, but to the extent that those come forward, there'll be an opportunity there for us.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think Dan just hit on a key point, Jeremy, the next PJM solicitation, I think it's referred to as Window One, is a good signal as to what's going to be required on the transmission side. Again, every last mile sub transmission, last mile investment will be different, but Dan's absolutely right. Watch that load profile change of PJM to see what's coming down the pike.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. And any incremental thoughts you could share on the EV side as far as impacts that could have.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, again, we're seeing steady, slow but steady growth on the EV front. And proud to say we're not turning down any EV interconnections. We have the capacity, but we're upgrading that last mile. So that's really playing out exactly the way we expected it to. New Jersey is, again, a little bit unique in the condensed nature of our housing and our commutes. So EVs have not had the same challenges and pressure that maybe the rest of the country has seen as far as the expansion that was expected. So, we're kind of moving along at about the pace that we thought we would, and it's having the impact on the last mile as we had planned.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just one last one, if I could, and appreciate the sensitivities and limitations and what you can say at this point, but as folks make their way back from the beach over August into Labor Day, just wondering. So you can share with us on the rate case process in stakeholder discussions, point out there just any sticking point or anything else that you could share?
Ralph LaRossa: No, I really appreciate you asking that. Look, I take it as a big compliment to the team here that we're this far in, and that was the first rate case question we got. So, the team is executing as we expect they would execute in those conversations. And the Board of Public Utilities, as I have been saying multiple times, continues to really run a very efficient and thoughtful process. So, I don't see there's no red flags there either. But I would point out that that recent COVID settlement that we just had was exactly the way we had thought it would play out. The fact that we expected the conversations not to become public has played out exactly that way. And so, I just very grateful for the way this has all been portrayed.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great. Thank you for that. Hopefully everyone can enjoy their time on the shore.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking my questions. It sounds like there's good momentum in terms of data center support from a policy perspective, and maybe on the contracting front. I was just wondering if there's any timeframe that you would offer in terms of when you think you could come to a colocation deal.
Ralph LaRossa: No, David, we really haven't gone there. I appreciate the question, but we just try to be thoughtful about everything and make sure that the folks that we talk to are people that are aligned with the policies we have here in the state.
David Arcaro: Yep, understood. Makes sense. And then in terms of the utility business request and increased data center interest at PSE&G, I was wondering, are you still seeing continued momentum? Is that backlog still growing and kind of, if so, is there a time when you would anticipate taking another look at the load growth outlook that you have in capex plans that would be required to address it?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, David. So, I referred to several hundred megawatts that are at what I would consider to be the very firm stage that we would have. And again, every utility looks at that a little bit differently. The other two stages are even more robust than the very firm stage. The leads and the initial engineering analysis that would be done here somewhat double or triple in each one of those stages. From what we're seeing in the firm construction side, that makes sense projects to look at, but we -- any roll forward that we have from a capex standpoint, we will do at the end of the year, as I mentioned earlier. So, we're just we're happy to see it taking place.
David Arcaro: Got it. Excellent. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Hey, thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to quickly follow up on Jeremy's question on the call out on electric vehicles. Do you see any election related risk to the uptake of EVs in New Jersey and the potential investment needed to support that?
Ralph LaRossa: No, I don't think, I don't see any real risk from an investment standpoint here. I think most of those interconnections are done at the distribution level. There's not an election that's going to impact the state of New Jersey until next November. So, I think the only question, and we've talked about this before, is -- will you have 100% EVs by 2035 or will we get a 50 on that test? And a 50 on that test is still going to be quite a bit of market penetration for the electric vehicle industry here. So, I'm not concerned about an election change. Maybe it'll impact some of the tax incentives and some of the other things that we have. But again, the uniqueness of our condensed and compressed service territory, I think will keep electric vehicles at the forefront.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay, great. That's helpful. And then switching gears, just, I guess as you think about your nuclear fuel requirements, I know you mentioned in the slides you're covered through 2026 and then have a significant portion also covered through 2027. I guess. Just how are you thinking about longer term supply just in the context of the Russia waivers kind of rolling off in 2028? Just curious of your thoughts there.
Dan Cregg: Yep. We're thinking about it quite a bit, Carly, and it's very topical, given what you mentioned within your question. And so, there's been a fair bit of work that's been ongoing to move forward and extend out over time. And I would expect that, I don't know, maybe when we're sitting here at the next call, we'd have a little bit of an extension there we'd be able to offer. So, we're aware of it on top of it. It's not the most immediate, urgent thing that's going on from the standpoint of actually producing power, but we always have a lead time that we're interested in and continue to move forward on that. So, we'll continue to push that data out and give updates as we do it.
Carly Davenport: Great. We'll stay tuned there. Thanks so much for the time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please proceed with your questions.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. For the EV program or energy efficiency program with a six-month extension in place, are you looking at any expansion to the energy efficiency program given the load forecast in the service territory?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think that, Ryan, that we're in the middle of trying to settle at, we refer to it as EE2, I think will be that response that you're kind of inferring there that people are going to be looking at from a policy standpoint to offset some of the other data center and other load growth. So, the VPU has those filings from all the utilities here in the state, and they're taking a look at it. I think their timeline was the end of the year to reach, I think it was October timeframe to reach settlement. So, I think they're on track for that and looking for some consistency across all the utilities. So, again, completely aligned with the policy there. And I don't expect a big jump in the next couple weeks, ask for a new filing or anything like that. I would just keep an eye on the filing that is in front of them today.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then in your prepared remarks, you highlighted data center feasibility study that some of your potential customers are engaging in. What's the scope of that study? And are there different legal or regulatory frameworks that may be deterministic around what's viable?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, no, I mean, look, a feasibility study is where -- where we haven't gotten an official request to go out and buy the copper, the transformers, and start digging a hole to install a wire. So, our engineers are out looking to see whether or not those megawatts that are being requested can be supported. And it is, again, I think if you talk to every utility, we would refer to that differently with a different acronym, and it might be at different spots in the process. I would say our feasibility studies are the middle of the road for us. When it becomes real in that last couple hundred megawatts, that's what we consider to be a new business request, an official request that comes in, and then we have leads that are coming in all the time. But both the feasibility side and the leads are about triple right now, the actual new business requests that we've started to work on.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think it's inherent within your question, the legal and regulatory. I tend to think of it more operationally than anything else about just having the injection of that incremental need into the system. And can the system handle it? What will it take for the system to handle it?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I mean, the only time it would become a regulatory issue is if there was a concern that somebody turned down, whether it was a solar panel that was trying to get installed on one side or a data center because they didn't have the infrastructure to support it in a timely fashion. It might be a regulatory issue raised in that scenario.
Ryan Levine: Okay, great. And just to confirm, so you're saying that the Amazon connection dynamic isn't being pursued or diligence through that process.
Ralph LaRossa: You talk about a hyperscale data center we're handling through Dan's team in the commercial development side.
Dan Cregg: Yes. To the extent there'd be a difference in the approach to the extent of something that might be co-located versus something that was, I think, inherent within your first question, which is about the feasibility study on the grid the utility has an obligation to serve. They're figuring out the best way to do it, figuring out what has to happen from a capital perspective, and from a system operation perspective.
Operator: Our next question is on the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your questions.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. Just kind of curious how you're formulating your PJM strategy from here on, considering that you're also looking at co-location opportunities. I mean, like with this next BRA auction coming up at some point this year, would you still consider bidding into it or hold back? Like, what's your thought on that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think the data center that's co-located, that doesn't exist right yet needs to be built. And so that's going to take some time, and that time is going to basically at some point, cross over what you're looking at from a BRA. But I think where we are right now, we're either not there or we'd be adjusted at the very [indiscernible]. So, I don't think that that's quite hit a crossover point yet. So, I don't think that's really critical to where we are.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. That's all for me.
Operator: The next questions are from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, good morning, everybody. First, one quick one to clarify. I know you've talked about it a little bit, but of the land of the artificial island, how much of that is already leased out, and maybe you could talk a bit about just the size and shape of some of those parcels, and how suitable it might be for a small number of larger facilities or a larger number of smaller facilities.
Ralph LaRossa: Andrew, it's a great question, but one that we haven't really discussed. And obviously we were being talking to folks and would give a handle as to what other people are thinking about. So, I don't want to go down that path, but I would just say to you, qualitatively, I mean, big picture. Yes. I would simply say to you this. Any data center that comes in, each one of them have a unique configuration and design. Some of the data centers would be comfortable with multiple stories. Some are not comfortable with multiple stories. Some have certain cooling needs, others have different cooling needs. So, each one of them, it'd be really hard pressed to say one acre of land equals this many megawatts, and we're seeing multiple designs, whenever we would have a conversation with anybody, and they think about it. So, I kind of sidestepping that specific question, but really think that's better left for the negotiating team and any conversations they're having with developers.
Andrew Weisel: Understood. Certainly not one size fits all. Then if I can ask sort of a two-part question on the ZEC program. First question is, if we were to see the hypothetical red sweep scenario in November, would you have any concerns about the IRA and specifically the nuclear PTC being at risk? And then conversely, if you were to see data centers being co-located behind the meter, obviously, the original intent of the ZEC program was to support uneconomic struggling nukes. The nukes are no longer struggling. So, the question is, as you mentioned, the governor is trying to incentivize these tech companies to come. Would it make sense for New Jersey ratepayers, for PSE&G customers to be supporting tech companies? Is there a scenario that the New Jersey program gets revamped in one way or another if we do have hyperscaler signing co-located contracts?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So again, I'll put on a couple different hats here, one of which is actually even a customer hat. I would say to you this, first of all, the ZEC program ends next March. So, start from -- next May, I'm sorry. So, start from that scenario so that we would certainly, there won't be any conversations or that would take place that would -- we would benefit from a data center before then. Second, I think any company would be very hard pressed asking for a subsidy on top of a revenue stream that was similar to what was we think was just negotiated at Talend. And I'll leave my comment there. That's my customer hat being on. I would be hard pressed to think that you would pancake that on top of something else, whether it be the state subsidy or a federal subsidy. Federal PTC, we don't know what the definition is yet for gross revenues. And when that comes out, we'll certainly take a look at it. Again, I would be hard pressed to believe that they're going to allow a PTC payment on top of X dollar payment per megawatt hour that we're seeing in the marketplace. So, there's a lot of TBDs in what I just laid out for you, but there's also a little bit of just reality. And I would not be thinking that we'd be asking New Jersey ratepayers to be subsidized in tech companies. In fact, I would probably step in front of that conversation myself personally.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. So, assuming things go in the direction of data centers, it would be more of a market-based pricing mechanism going forward, you would expect?
Ralph LaRossa: I don't -- well, again, look, I never want to say never, but I wouldn't. I can't see any other scenario.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. I guess Carly is looking to get like an EV IRA Camaro or something. I guess, just quickly, you guys are in a unique position where you have unregulated generation. You guys are the regulated utility in New Jersey. Just all the talk is maybe higher capacity prices, higher power prices. I mean, is there, while that's going to benefit your units, but any thought on maybe the customer bill impact starts crowding out rate base investment, like managing that line? You guys are in a unique position where you kind of will see both ends of that.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Anthony. No, it's a great question, and it's one that we've been thinking about since 2008, right. We always go back and take a look when commodity prices were much higher and make sure that any projections that we have do not put us in that position. I've said it multiple times, and I'll say it again. Because of the good economic development work that we've done in this region, not just in this state, but in this region, the income has continued to do pretty well. And if you look at the share of wallet or pocketbook that anyone would have to put up to pay their utility bills, it's been pretty consistent over the last 20 years. So, I would expect that to remain the same. There's a lot of that information that's in our IR materials that we've gone over a bunch of times with you. So, I don't see anything that's on the horizon. Even in some of the conversations that are taking place that would lead me to believe that we're crowding out the required utility investment that's going to have to take place if we're going to have all this electrification.
Dan Cregg: And I think as we kick into PTCs too, Anthony, I think it rightfully puts whatever support there may be for nuclear at the federal level, which puts on even playing field for some of the PTC and ITCs that you see for other carbon free investments. So, I think that helps as well.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bill Appicelli with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, good morning. How are you doing? Just similar line of questioning of Anthony there, but just maybe around the demand and supply balance in PJM. So, going back to the point of you kind of being on both generation front and on TD, I mean, how are you viewing the demand growth broadly, whether it's behind the meter or otherwise? You did make that comment earlier about proliferation of colocation deals going forward in other sectors. I mean, do you have confidence in the current PGM process to ensure adequate reliability?
Ralph LaRossa: Hey Bill, look, I got to leave that to the experts at NERC and FERC and every place else to look at PJM and their processes. I am one of the folks who has continued to say we need to keep our eye on the ball very, very closely. That won't change. I was very happy to see PJM react to our push specifically for our projections and to listen to the input that we provided them last year. I think they've started the process to look at load growth again. I think it's another four- or five-month process that they've just begun, and they'll come out with that towards the end of this year, beginning of next year. I trust that everything you've heard from other utilities that are within the PJM footprint and the load projections I said will be reflected in those, in those forecasts. And as a result, we'll either have a need for generation that'll be signaled through the capacity markets or we'll have some transmission that'll be required, and you'll see that come in there through the RTEP process. So, I'd like to see something longer from a capacity standpoint than three years or a year or whatever you might want to take a look at. It's tough, when we were looking at those types of things, it's tough to make a decision on building a power plant. We're not in that business anymore. We're simply here on the, with the assets we have, the clean assets that we have today and we're going to continue on that path.
Bill Appicelli: Right. I guess maybe to that last point then, I mean, some companies within PJM have contemplated maybe pursuing legislation that could allow for regulated generation and rate base at some point. Right. If you feel like the system isn't.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, look, I think they may be closer to conversations they're having with PJM and they may have more frustrations about how PJM is listening to them. We were pretty vocal and we got a decent response last year. So, I don't want to really weigh in on what their conversations may be, and I think I might be doing that if I weigh in on their generation.
Bill Appicelli: Well, I guess the question is for you, right? I mean, would that be a path you would ever consider?
Ralph LaRossa: Oh, from our standpoint, look, I have said multiple times, Bill, we have more than enough capex to have our 5% to 7% growth rate with our replacement activities. If the state of New Jersey or the federal government says, hey, listen, we'd like utilities to go do that, we would certainly listen to those requests. But we like putting pipe in the ground and wires in the air right now, and we're not in the business of building new rotating equipment. So, if that happens, we certainly can put that skill set, we have it, we could restart it if we needed to, but we're counting on the marketplace that we're in to resolve it right now.
Bill Appicelli: Understood. Thank you very much.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think that's it for the call, correct, timing wise?
Operator: Correct. Yes. I was just going to hand the floor back to you for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: All right, great. Well, I listen, great conversation. I really appreciate everybody calling in and appreciate the Q&A section, obviously was robust. I do want to just make one comment at the end here. We're in our normal storm and season that takes place, and I'm going to go a little bit off the script here from the standpoint that I want to thank all those that responded to the storm down in Texas and just remind us all of the hard work that's done, day in and day out by the line workers that responded in Texas. I was taken aback, I must say, by some of the behaviors that took place from a security standpoint down at center point and in Texas in general. And I just ask you all to keep that all in mind as we go forward into this season. Lights will go out, storms will come through, and there's people out there working really, really hard in some really tough conditions. And let's just keep them in our thoughts and prayers. With that, I thank you for calling in, and we'll catch up with you either on the road or in three months. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's Conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, April 30th, 2024 and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEGs Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan : Good morning and welcome to PSEG's first quarter 2024 earnings presentation. On today’s call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today’s discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed later today. PSEG’s earnings release and other matters discussed during today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today’s materials. Following the prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa : Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us to review PSEG’s first quarter 2024 results. PSEG’s financial results for the first quarter are in line with our full-year expectations for 2024, and we are reaffirming our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.60 to $3.70 per share. We are also continuing to execute on our long-term strategy to grow PEG’s non-GAAP operating earnings by 5% to 7% through 2028, which we are also reaffirming today. This will be accomplished by investing in energy infrastructure and energy efficiency programs, which support greater electrification of transportation homes and workplaces, while also reducing greenhouse gas emissions while helping our customers lower their bills. Turning to the first quarter of 2024 PSEG reported net income of $1.06 per share compared to $2.58 per share in 2023, which reflects the absence of mark to market gains that benefited first quarter GAAP earnings in 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $1.31 per share in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $1.39 per share in 2023. As a reminder, our non-GAAP results exclude to items shown in attachment seven and eight, which we provide with the earnings release. The main driver for the quarter was continued rate-based growth from investments focused on infrastructure replacement, which was offset by higher investment-related expense. These expenses will build over the balance of 2024 as we await the resolution of our pending distribution rate case later this year. In addition, the nuclear production tax credit went into effect on January 1st, 2024, which provides our nuclear fleet with downside price protection through 2032, an important contributor to the increasing predictability of PEGS’ results. Dan will provide a detailed financial review later in the call, but I want to note for PSEG, power and other, some margin contribution will be skewed to the back half of 2024 as we expect to realize most of the increase in 2024 as gross margin versus 2023 during the second half of the year. Turning to operations, we are pleased to report that both our utility and nuclear businesses continue to exemplify operational excellence. PSE&G and PSEG Long Island met the challenge of quickly restoring service to tens of thousands of customers following severe rain and windstorms early in the year. And at PSEG Power, our nuclear fleet also operated well during the quarter, achieving a capacity factor of 96.8% and supplying New Jersey and the region with over eight terawatt hours of reliable carbon free base load energy. Shifting to an update of our pending rate case, our combined electric and gas base distribution case covering 57% of our rate base is progressing as expected at the BPU. We are currently working through the discovery and documentation phase, responding to requests for information from parties to the case, and we recently submitted updated test your financials. The procedural schedule for the case includes several weeks of built-in settlement discussions beginning later in the second quarter. Based on recent and prior rate case timelines, we anticipate that this rate case will be settled later in 2024. As a reminder, this combined electric and gas filing proposes an overall revenue increase of 9% with a typical combined residential electric and gas customer seeing a proposed increase of 12% or less than 2% compounded growth over this six-year period. During the same period, we have consistently delivered on our reputation for reliability, affordability, and nationally top-tier customer satisfaction scores with a nonstop focus on cost containment. PSE&G continues to manage its o and m to minimize customer bills while continuing to compare favorably to regional peers for residential, electric and gas service, and are among the lowest in national comparisons on a share of wallet basis. Now moving on to capital investments. We are on track to execute PSEGs five year $19 billion to $22.5 billion capital plan through 2028. The regulated portion of that program is $18 billion to $21 billion and it's focused on infrastructure replacement as well as our Clean Energy Future EE program. PSE&G has installed and placed into service about 1.8 million of the plan 2.3 million smart meters through our AMI program, still on schedule, it's still on budget for completion by the year end. These investments are projected to result in a compound annual growth in rate base of 6% to 7.5% through the 2024 through 2028 period. Premised on PSEG's year-end 2023 rate base of $29 billion, which was up 10% over the prior year, and we continue to pursue potential investment opportunities for future regulated growth. Among those opportunities, we are currently evaluating our competitive transmission solicitations in a Mid-Atlantic region, similar to PSEGs award of a $424 million project from PJMs 2022. Window three process. In April of 2024, PSE&G submitted bids to the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities or the BPU for its pre-built infrastructure project to support offshore wind. The BPU is expected to announce the winner or winners of the pre-built infrastructure solicitation in the second half of 2024. PSEG is also evaluating two other upcoming regulated transmission solicitations this July. The first is the BPU's second public policy solicitation for offshore wind transmission infrastructure utilizing the state agreement approach. The second is PJM's 2024 regional transmission expansion plan window one solicitation, which is expected to include the impacts of higher load growth forecasts that have been influenced by increased electrification expectations and data center load growth through throughout PJM. At Power, our nuclear fleet is also pursuing multiple growth paths with modest capital spending needs. We have previously commented on our plans for thermal up rates at the Salem nuclear station, which could potentially add up to 200 megawatts of additional capacity and would qualify for clean hydrogen tax credits under current rules for both additionality and hourly matching. PSEG nuclear has also notified the Nuclear Regulatory Commission of its intention to pursue subsequent 20-year license renewals for our three reactors in New Jersey. This would extend the operational capabilities from 2036, 2040, and 2046 for Salem units 1 and 2 in Hope Creek to 2056, 2060, and 2066 respectively. Beyond these opportunities in nuclear, there's been discussion lately about the potential for direct power sales to data centers from our 3 unit artificial island site. We have had discussions related to both sides of the meter in recent months. In a form of new business inquiries at PSE&G for mid-sized data center construction of approximately 50 megawatts to 100 megawatts and behind the meter inquiries for co-located facilities that prioritize highly reliable carbon-free baseload power from existing facilities, all without the challenges faced by non-dispatchable generation. PSEG has a long history of aligning with New Jersey policy goals. This data center opportunity has the potential to create a nexus between economic development and energy policy, and we stand ready to support New Jersey. In its recent efforts to create an in-state artificial intelligence hub, our New Jersey nuclear units could provide access to a highly reliable, carbon-free source of baseload power and infrastructure consideration as increasingly mission critical for the large data center developers and hyperscalers. One thing that is certain at this point is that all these opportunities in nuclear would be incremental to our long-term forecasted growth rate guidance of 5% to 7% through 2028 based upon that PTC threshold price. Another differentiating factor for PSEG overall is that our nuclear operations provide the business with the added flexibility to fund its current regulated investment plan without the need to issue new equity or sell assets. I'd like -- my remarks by thanking our employees for all they do and their dedication to safety, reliability, and our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Dan to discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail, and I will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg : Thank you, Ralph. Good morning everyone. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG reported net income of $1.06 per share for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $2.58 per share in 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $1.31 per share in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $1.39 per share in 2023. We provided you with information on Slide 7 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business for the first quarter, and Slide 8 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter over quarter and non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Going with PSE&G, which reported first quarter net income of $0.98 per share for both 2024 and 2023, PSE&G had non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.98 per share for the first quarter of ‘24 compared to $0.99 per share in 2023. The main drivers for both net income and non-GAAP results for the quarter were growth and rate based from continued investments in infrastructure replacement offset by higher distribution, investment-related depreciation and interest expense, not yet reflected in rates as well as higher O&M costs compared to the first quarter of 2023. Margin was $0.07 higher in total driven by transmission at $0.03 per share, gas margin at a penny per share and other utility margin added $0.03 per share. Distribution O&M expense increased $0.05 per share compared to the first quarter of 2023, primarily due to gas meter inspections and overhead corrective maintenance following severe rain, wind, and flooding events early in the year, and tree trimming. Appreciation and interest expense increased by a penny per share and $0.03 per share respectively compared to the first quarter of 2023. Reflecting continued growth and investment, these costs of weight recovery in our pending distribution rate case anticipated to be settled later this year. Lower pension and OPEB income resulting from the cessation of OPEB-related credits, which ended in 2023, resulted in a penny per share, unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. Lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an annual effective tax rate, which nets to zero over a full year had a net favorable impact of $0.02 per share in the quarter compared to 2023, whether during the first quarter as measured by heating degree days was 17% warmer than normal, but 9% colder than the first quarter of 2023, which was the warmest first quarter in PSE&G’s records. As we've mentioned, the conservation incentive program or SIP limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins. While helping PSE&G broadly promote the adoption of its energy efficiency programs. The number of electric and gas customers, which is the driver of margin under the SIP mechanism, continue to grow by approximately 1% over the past year. On capital spending, as Ralph mentioned, PSE&G invested approximately $800 million during the first quarter, and we remain on track to execute on our 2024 regulated capital investment plan of $3.4 billion focused on enter on infrastructure modernization and electrification initiatives. These include upgrades and replacements to our T&D facilities, last mile spend in the Infrastructure advancement program, ongoing gas infrastructure replacement spending, Energy Strong II investments, and the continued rollout of the clean energy investments in EE, smart meter installation, and EV make-ready infrastructure. We are reaffirming our five-year regulated capital investment plan of $18 billion to $21 billion. This 2024 to 2028 plan includes the $3.1 billion CEF EE2 filing made in December, 2023, which would enable commitments starting January, 2025 through June of 2027. Based upon the BPU’s EE framework with investments being made over a six-year period. This proceeding is expected to be resolved at the BPU later this year. Moving on to PSEG Power and other, for the first quarter of 2024 PSEG Power and other reported net income of $0.08 per share compared to $1.60 per share for the first quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.33 per share for the first quarter of 2024, compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.40 per share for the first quarter of 2023. For the first quarter of this year, net energy margin rose by $0.03 per share, including $0.02 favorable contribution from nuclear driven by the net impact of the nuclear production tax credit, which went into effect January 1st of this year, partially offset by reduction in capacity revenue. Also, in energy margin gas operations increased by a penny per share compared to the year earlier quarter. Importantly, for 2024, while the PTC begins this year, there will be a shape to our results per quarter as we move through the year. We anticipate realizing the majority of the increase in the 2024 gross margin, over 2023s gross margin during the second half of the year based upon the shape of our underlying hedges. This will differ from last year when PSEG Power realized most of the step up in the annual hedge price in the first quarter based on lower pricing in the winter of 2022 compared to 2023. O&M increased by $0.03 per share, mostly driven by the start of the scheduled refueling at our 100% owned Oak Creek nuclear plant. Interest expense was a penny unfavorable reflecting higher interest rates partially offset by lower short-term debt balances. Taxes and other were $0.06 per share unfavorable compared to the first quarter of 2023, primarily reflecting the use of a higher effective tax rate in the quarter. That will reverse over the balance of 2024. Operating standpoint, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 8.2 terawatt hours during the first quarter of 2024 compared to 8.4 terawatt hours in the year earlier period, and ran at a capacity factor of 96.8%. Our Hope Creek Nuclear Unit is undergoing its scheduled refueling outage, which will include preliminary work on the fuel cycle extension project. As a result, as is always the case with outages for our a hundred percent owned Hope Creek Unit, we expect a little higher O&M and lower generation in the second quarter. Touching on some recent financing activity at the end of March, PCG had a total available liquidity of $5 billion, including $1.2 billion of cash on hand. Our revolving credit facilities totaling $3.75 billion were also extended by one year to March of 2028. During the first quarter at the end of March, PSEG had $500 million outstanding of a 364-day variable rate term loan, which subsequently matured in April of 2024, and PSEG Power had $1.25 billion outstanding of a variable rate term loan maturing March of 2025. The entirety of these term loans were swapped from a variable rate to a fixed rate, mitigating the fluctuations in interest rates as of the end of March. Given our swaps in cash position, we had minimal variable rate debt in early March. PSE&G issued $1 billion of 10 and 30 year secured medium term notes consisting of $450 million at 5.2% due March, 2034 and 550 million at 5.45% due March, 2054. A portion of the proceeds was used to pay the maturity of $250 million of 3.75% secured MTMs on March 15th. Later in March, PSEG issued $1.25 billion of senior notes consisting of 750 million at 5.2% through April 2029 and 500 million at 5.45% due April, 2034. A portion of the proceeds will be used to pay the maturity of $750 million of 2.875% senior notes in June. We continue to maintain solid investment-grade ratings. Looking ahead, we expect that PSEG's considerable cash generation combined with PSEG powers enhanced cash flow visibility from the nuclear PTC will support the execution of PSEG's five-year capital spending plan dominated by regulated CapEx without the need to issue new equity or sell assets. In closing, we are reaffirming PSEG’s full-year 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for $3.60 to $3.70 per share, which reflects continued rate-based growth from ongoing regulated investments offset by higher depreciation and interest expense that will build over the balances of 2024. As we await resolution of our pending distribution rate case later this year, we are also reaffirming our forecast of long-term 5% to 7% compound annual growth and non-GAAP operating earnings through 2028, supported by our capital investment programs and the new nuclear PTC. That concludes our formal remarks, and we are ready to begin the question and answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Campanella : Thanks for all the context around the direct power sales opportunities with your nuclear facilities. Can you just kind of comment on the potential, just the timing around any potential announcement and then how we should kind of think about when that could contribute to EPS if it were to be achieved. Then just, I know you kind of talked about being in like the nexus between economic development and energy policy. Is there something that you're looking for from the state before moving forward with this? Or just what are the data points that investors should be looking for to know whether this is becoming more of a reality or not? Thanks.
Ralph LaRossa : Yes, Nick. Look, I think, the bottom line here for us is that we kind of see this as just a continuation of us following the state's policy, not setting it. I think the governor has been very clear about his desire to attract AI jobs to New Jersey and the infrastructure in data centers and other IT assets or things that he's looking to have in place. Now, the timing of something like this, I think is driven by a number of different factors, you have got some of the hyperscale, data centers and their timing. I don't want to, I really don't want to talk for them, and I don't want to front run the governor on some things that he may or may not be working on. So, we're here to support. And I think from a timing, overall timing standpoint, I would just really follow the state's announcements and policy initiatives around this effort.
Nicholas Campanella : I appreciate that. I guess, I think you also said in your remarks that you would maybe provide an update later in the fall. I guess that would be, dependent on how the rate case kind of progresses, but to the extent that you're giving a refreshed kind of financial outlook, when would that be? And then also is the data center opportunity something that could be included in that, or it would really kind of be post that ‘25 and beyond?
Ralph LaRossa : Yes, Nick, I think those are really kind of a couple of different pieces there, we'll roll forward later in the year as we roll forward every year. I think we start out with the CapEx and some other items at the end of the year, and then our earnings beginning of next year. But the data center specific, we're not going to change our plan. Power is still a very small part of this company's earnings stream. It is a all upside, so I understand the attention to it, but what we'll do is we'll roll in any PPAs, whether it be on data centers or hydrogens, opportunities or anything else that we have down at the plant. We'll optimize it, and as soon as we agree on terms around something like that, we'll roll it in, and be transparent about it. But right now, our plan as we look forward is to continue to project ourselves out based upon that PTC floor.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet : Just wanted to touch base on a non-data center question here. You've been closely following, the state and regional transmission needs for offshore and now that data centers have come into the equation having an outsized impact, how do you see the transmission system changing overall and how do you see pegs role in this?
Ralph LaRossa: Jeremy, I think, it's really my advice is to keep a very close eye on the PJM -- process as they continue to re-evaluate the topology of the transmission grid. I think there'll be opportunities across the PJM footprint. Look, you got to just take a look at what happened at with -- as a very simple example. That power plant was connected to our Susquehanna Roseland line. That power, at least a hundred megawatts or so of it won't be flowing out of the power plant into the grid. And so that'll have an impact on the topology in a very simple term. Then you've got data centers popping up in different locations. We have a number of requests that have come into our utility that we're processing not of the magnitude of a hyperscale, but smaller edge-type computing solutions. And so, each one of those will have an impact and the place where it all comes together, and I would encourage you to take a look at is through that -- tech process. Offshore wind will be one of the generation solutions for it, but there will be need for additional modifications to the grid and it's a TBD for all of us.
Jeremy Tonet: And then just think about the picture at large in structuring tariffs in a way that doesn't impact other rate payers. Just wondering if you could provide any other thoughts on that. I guess, making sure this is developed in a way and such that other rate payers don't bear more burden. Look, if it's a behind the meter solution, the way rate payers will be held harmless on that is that they -- there won't be any additional infrastructure charges, so they wouldn't be burdened with additional infrastructure other than if there's new generation that comes on and it has to be supplied into the grid and there's different paths. Those interconnection agreements are the way that that's handled through cost allocations at, in the PGM market today. So, I think there's a very fair and transparent way that's taken care of. And I think each state has a different solution for in front of the meter data centers or loads that are popping up and those state individual tariffs. And I guess, every state will take a look at it from an economic development standpoint and determine how they want to handle it. But we haven't seen any changes in New Jersey to the tariff requirements for new business extensions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra : Dan, maybe just what are -- like, just any updates on the nuclear PTC guidance from the IRS? It feels like we've been waiting on it forever. And then any implications that you see coming from that guidance on your financial plan, please.
Dan Cregg: To guess, I wish I had a better answer for you, but we continue to wait for guidance to come out of treasury. I know that there's been a host of different approaches to treasury to try to spur some information to come out. But I know that you know that the PTC began January 1st, so we are in it. And I continue to think that the most important definition is as we've all thought about it, is the definition of gross receipts. And so that's what we're waiting for more than anything else. I think we're moving forward. We're finding out a little bit more about what ‘24 looks like every day that goes by in ‘24. And we continue to do what we've been doing is trying to think about what different potential outcomes could come from treasury and try to position ourselves as ideally as we can against the backdrop of that uncertainty. And I think we're doing fine there, but we would prefer to have it. I don't have a date for you. I don't have an estimated date. And I've not heard that one is forthcoming. So, I think we're in the same boat. I think we're just waiting.
Durgesh Chopra: I appreciate that color. Sounds like you're kind of planning different scenarios and you've kind of baked that risk and opportunity into your 2024 guide guidance. Is that a fair way to put it, Dan?
Dan Cregg : Yes. I think that's exactly right.
Durgesh Chopra: And then just, you had this very nice chart that you used to share. I think it was maybe a bit dated now. It showed your balance sheet capacity in terms of funding more or higher CapEx and you have all this opportunity, whether it's transmission, related or on the nuke side. I know that's going to be capital light, but generally speaking at the utility, whether it's energy efficiency, whether it's the transmission opportunity, just can you give us a sense of, and the CapEx plan recently was raised light right in December 13% over the prior five year. So maybe can you give us a sense of how much more capital can the balance sheet cover without issuing any equity, if there's a way to do that? Thank you, Dan.
Dan Cregg : Yes, and we've talked about, it's going to come off of the FFO to debt. And I think that, one of the things that when you did see that increase in capital that you referenced, there are different FFO to debt implications depending upon exactly what the capital it is. And kind of on the opposite ends of the spectrum, our energy efficiency program has a recoverable life, depreciable life, amortizable life, whatever you want to call it, closer to 10 years to 12 years and are more infrastructure-oriented investments have a longer, recoverable life. And so, when you look at those particular investments, you're going to see much less of an impact on your FFO to debt. Because you're going to see a lot of cash coming back to you quicker. To the extent that it's EE benefits, that's something that's more steel on the ground, whether it's on the transmission side or electric or gas side. And then to your other point, I totally agree with your comment that, on the power side it would be capital light, but it could be FFO positive in a fairly significant way. So, those are the elements that move around. If we're in the mid-teens, our current threshold for where we are is 13, 14, depending upon whether you're talking about Moody's and S&P. So, we've got some room in there, but I think it's not -- it's going to depend a little bit on the nature of the investment and I think as you saw more of that increase coming from EE of late, it was more credit friendly for us to move in that direction.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shar Pourreza: It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Thanks for taking the questions. I really appreciate the commentary on the nuclear opportunity. Maybe a bit of nuance from your perspective, is behind the meter a scalable opportunity for data centers in New Jersey, or is it a bit more kind of one off as you look at it? And maybe as you mentioned, there's a level of potential grid dependence and do you see that becoming a concern at all for regulators or is that kind of getting addressed in other forms, regulatory forms?
Ralph LaRossa: Look the grid, I'll go backwards on that. The grid dependence, Constantine, I think is, it's not just data centers, right? We're seeing electrification across the board, and as policy makers continue to move in that direction, we have to be aware and make sure that the system's being built out correctly. I think it's being handled on multiple fronts. It's being handled at FERC. It'll be handled at each individual state, but there's plenty of avenues for those conversations that take place in and to keep the burden to customers to a minimum. No offense or buts about that -- the scalable side, I'm going to give it to Dan, because his team does a lot of work on the commercial front. I'll just tee up that there are different ways that you can look at it and Dan's team is doing a great job of talking to multiple folks and looking at multiple solutions that he can give you some more detail about it.
Dan Cregg: It's a great question, but if I try to think about exactly then the nature of how you're asking, I think that by definition, if you're going to do something behind the meter, you're going to do it at scale. And so, I think that you wouldn't move into that situation with something that was not of scale and grow at the scale other than the natural fact that I think you're not going to have a data center of scale appear immediately. And so, it's more likely, and from what we have seen, you would see something that would be agreed to be upscale that would come in over time.
Ralph LaRossa: And so, if you, if that meets your definition of scalable meaning it's going to grow as you step through time, I think that the answer would be yes, but I think you'd want to set that all up right at the jump. And Constantine, the only thing I'd add to what Dan said, just a reminder, where we sit geographically is a great spot, but I also point out to everyone, we're the only merchant site that has three units on it, so the ability to scale there is a little bit different and the ability to back up the supply is also very different. We're really excited about whatever those opportunities might be down the road because of that.
Shar Pourreza: That's abundantly clear. And maybe as we look a little bit more broadly at just supply and demand in power markets and power prices are now well north of the PTC levels for the ‘25, ‘26 trip, which kind of continued to be the PTCs that were the core planning input. Do you plan to update guidance as you kind of recontract or start realizing those revenues and do those become ACC creative to the credit metrics and kind of the investment capacity that you talked earlier about?
Dan Cregg: I think, if there's a change in how we are looking at things and what we are seeing that is in place in lock for a period of time for us to be able to say something about it, I think that's a logical time for us to do something constant. You've seen these markets for a long, long time. You know that they come up, they come down and they're cyclical. And so, in an instant, when they are higher, our intention is to try to be more predictable and come out to investors and let them know what they can count on and to the extent that there's some upside opportunities speak about it, but not have it be embedded until it is real. We're trying to just kind of keep things grounded. And so, my sense is with that you will probably see that as you continue to go forward from us.
Ralph LaRossa: And just a reminder, Constantine, the highly visible and liquid PJM West top is not necessarily reflective of the entire PJM marketplace. So those numbers aren't dead on for everybody.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Maybe just on the Hope Creek outage, you mentioned that you're doing some of the initial work on the kind of fuel cycle shift there with the outage. Could you just talk a little bit about sort of the scope of what's getting done and how much will be left in order to make that shift as we get to 2025.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. It's -- Carly, it's a very small piece of the puzzle that's going on now. There's a lot of engineering work that's going on. There's work that's being done on -- we're doing a rewind on the generator that in part of this outage, we've got an upgrade that we're doing -- we're basically cleaning out some old insulation on the cooling tower, which provides us about 8 megawatts of additional capability there. I mean small, little pieces, but really helps us in some -- based upon weather conditions and the rates that are required. So, lots of work to optimize the unit itself in anticipation of that fuel change that we're going to be making down the road. So, it's -- the investments will be made at Hope Creek over the next couple of fuel cycles, and then we'll be ready for the ultimate change to the 24-month cycle.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then maybe you just mentioned a bit higher O&M related to the Hope Creek outage and then you talked a bit at the beginning some of the storm activity that you had to respond to earlier this year. Just any thoughts on where O&M for the full year could sort of trend versus last year with some of those early moving pieces in mind?
Dan Cregg: Yes. Carly, we may see it to move a little bit higher. It's funny. We talked a little bit about the weather in the earlier remarks, and it was a fairly mild winter, but it was a really wet winter, and we had some storms that were not exactly temperature-driven as much as they were precipitation-driven. And so, some of that drove costs a little bit higher as did. Any time we have a Hope Creek outage, it's 100% owned. So, there's a little bit of a bigger impact there. And so, some years, we'll have that, some years we won't. So, you'll see that come through on the power side. But really, the storms were one of the contributors to the first quarter's impact on O&M.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Weisel: Appreciate the details on the nukes. Maybe just one -- can kind of pin you down a little bit to size up the opportunity, how much nuclear capacity do you have that's not committed to state programs like the ZECs or other obligations? In other words, how many megawatts could actually be committed to a new dedicated customer?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Andrew, I think, look, you can look at what happened at Talend as a placeholder for size of units at hyperscalers are thinking about. Just a reminder, our state plan kind of ends in May of '25, right? So, we're -- I don't see a data center being built before May of '25 down at that site. We may be in discussions with folks and have something to say sooner than that. But I don't expect any power to be flowing into a data center before May of 25 when that program ends. And then we'll see what the rules say on the IRA and how the PTCs interact with any of this kind of agreements that are reached.
Andrew Weisel: But your expectation is the entire portfolio is available?
Ralph LaRossa: I think, the entire portfolio could be available for long-term contracts. And again, I think that that falls into a bunch of different scenarios. I don't think there's anything that's a restriction and we'll continue to work forward and keep you posted.
Andrew Weisel: Just wanted to clarify that then second pivoting to the energy efficiency side of the utility, the -- two program you filed in December calls for $3.1 billion of spending, much bigger than the first program at about $1 billion. Can you just talk to some of those dynamics of why each incremental kilowatt hour of savings is so much more expensive, and maybe more importantly, are you seeing any pushback from the BPU or key stakeholders, or is this all well understood and supported?
Ralph LaRossa: Andrew, it's kind of simple as to why the dollar per megawatt saved goes up. I mean, you're going from changing light bulbs, which was the first effort that we started way back when and thermostat changes to now you're upgrading HVAC units and moving into commercial and industrial operations. That's very different just from a dollar per megawatt hour save standpoint. As far as the pushback, this was all part of the BPU's triennial, so a lot of what was submitted was based upon the needs identified by the Board of Public Utilities and really are not a surprise. The question will be just from a total spend standpoint, how far they would like to go. I don't think there'll be a lot of arguments about the cost per based upon one historic performance, which has been really good. And then second the types of work that we'll, the type of work that we'll be doing going forward. Andrew, also, within what the BPU -- I think to their credit, they tried to take a philosophy in approaching this, that they wanted to target things through this program that they viewed would not happen otherwise. And so, these light bulbs is an example of that given that incandescent are off the shelf, but in other examples too things that were going to happen anyway are not a great target for this kind of a program is to try to expand what would otherwise happen. And so that I think expands the reach a little bit moves them to a better place, but may cost a little bit more to get it done.
Operator: Our next questions from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Sorry, another nuclear question. We've talked about this hypothetically the last -- let's say six, nine months hydrogen, I think there's supposed to potentially be like offshore wind port next to the plants around there, and then obviously data centers. Now just should we think about these as things, all things you can do there or you have to kind of focus to one and data centers is now kind of top of the list?
Ralph LaRossa: No, Steve, it's a great question. So, the port is built. I mean they've done a ton of work down there, and that was the New Jersey Economic Development Authority has done a lot of work there. I don't know if we can pull a ship up there yet, but we're pretty darn close. So, there's been a ton of activities completed. And they started to lease some space to some of the offshore wind developers. And so, I think from a state standpoint, that's going pretty well. Then there's additional land that's available, and you could put a data center there, you could put how big it is, is a question right? You've got to figure all of that out based upon each individual developer design criteria and what they might be considering and the size that they're looking for. You could put a hydrogen unit there, you might have an electrolyzer or something that makes some sense to go there? Or maybe it goes a little bit off property, right? And again, it all depends upon the rules that come out and what we finally see from the IRA implementation. So, we're thinking about it as all of the above and an optimization strategy. Just to figure out what is the best way for us to use those -- that electricity that's coming off the units and doing in a way that's completely aligned with the state's policy. So, you could do it all. It's just a matter of what the policy is at the state and how big any one of those individual opportunities become.
Dan Cregg : An on the hydrogen front, Steve, as just a reminder, an upgrade there would meet both additionality and hourly matching to the extent that those limitations continue on hydrogen. So, I do think we feel pretty good about what we have the ability to do down there and don't see limitations on having to pick one or the other.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just the other -- I guess the other part of this is just reliability in New Jersey overall and just a lot of focus on offshore wind that's been delayed and the like. And just -- so I guess from that last standpoint can kind of how are you in this alignment with the state thinking about that aspect to be able to do something behind the meter at nuclear?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, Steve, that power flows a whole bunch of different ways, right, not just in New Jersey, but other states, right? So, it's more of a PJM question as to that specific unit in those specific megawatts. But I will say this, and what we've set it in multiple settings, I apologize if it's a repeat, but that 2003 blackout gave us the opportunity to rebuild the transmission infrastructure and we did that. And as Sandy comes along when we rebuilt the switching stations and substations. So, we're well prepared for this. I think New Jersey is uniquely prepared and I've got my economic development hat on here for a second, but I think we're in a really good place. and the margins aren't quite as tight as some others might have. So, I think we're looking at this and trying to figure out what's the best solution for the state and we're doing it in a partnership that one-off of the states plans. So, we feel pretty good.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Levine : Had a, I guess, one or two more on nuclear. In terms of the duration of contracts that your counterparties may be willing to sign. I think in your comments, you mentioned long term, any color you could share around how long term is as you look at it? And then to the extent that there's transmission constraints in PJM, how does the timeline of any investment there play into ability to serve that longer term?
Dan Cregg: Ryan, I think, the simple answer on the first question is somebody's going to come in and build a data center that's going to be a very, very significant investment and it's going to be around for a long time. I don't have a specific number of years to give you, but I think long term is pretty comfortably thought about as being long-term. And I think on the transmission side of things Ralph just really, I think gave the right response as much as we have built out the transmission system, given what we went through about 20 years ago and 10 years ago I do think we're prepared for whatever flows need to happen within the region. Both of those I think are in pretty good shape.
Ryan Levine: And then to follow-on the last line of questionings, to the extent that there is policy opportunities to maybe attract this customer base to the state, are there any legislation initiatives that you're keeping an eye on that may make it more palatable for other stakeholders to attract this load to the service territory?
Ralph LaRossa: No, so I believe, again, I'm putting my other hat on. I believe the state has plenty of solutions for new businesses to move to New Jersey or to start up here. There was a number of different initiatives down at the EDA that could attract businesses, and I don't think anything that I've seen would require additional legislative changes. There may be some to speed things up or expand opportunities for folks, but I'm pretty confident that the state has the tools and its tool just to reach out to the opportunities that it has.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller : Since I don't have to apologize for a nuclear question, I suppose I'll jump in with another one here. Just thinking about what a contract at a very high level might look like for a co-located facility. And mainly, I'm thinking about who would take the risk on their -- of perhaps a non-performance or something like that. Is that something you'd be comfortable with or is that something you're going to essentially make the offtaker take that risk?
Ralph LaRossa: Travis, I would simply tell you way too soon for us to be talking about anything like that. We're not in a position to talk about any details of any discussions. I would say this to you though, we've answered the question a bunch of times. And I'll tie it back to the hydrogen opportunities. We don't want to get into the commodity risk commodity risk situation. What we basically look at this is, we put a meter at point A and folks can pick it up from there and figure out what they're going to do with the electricity. And I don't see data centers or electrolyzers or anything else that might happen in that space as different.
Dan Cregg: And Dan, I don't what you want to add. No, I mean, the only thing I would say is, is just from a practical perspective, if you think about a 3 unit site, you've got a lot of redundancy in the ability to deal with things like that. And so obviously contractual T's and C's are going to be worked through as across the entire breadth of, of whatever agreement you come to. But I think we start from a position of strength there.
Travis Miller : And then one other question on the transmission in your bids and proposals there. How much does what you proposed or put in those bids depend on a second round of offshore wind projects coming in, is any of it or some of it.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, Travis, I think there's two answers there. First, the PBI, the interest prebuild opportunity does not require that. It's basically very similar to what happened in the first solicitation where use an analogy. It's a [Indiscernible] for pipes coming -- or wires coming in from the offshore wind farms. So that piece really is not dependent. I think the size and scope of the next solicitation is clearly dependent upon what -- how big that offshore wind opportunity gets for the state as a whole. And that -- we have not seen a scope of what that might look like yet.
Travis Miller : Okay. And would that be through the PJM process or through New Jersey process?
Ralph LaRossa : It would be a PJM process initiated by the state agreement approach from New Jersey. So, New Jersey would pick up the phone call PJM and ask them to run the process for -- on behalf of the state.
Operator: Our last question is from line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson : So just to sort of follow-up on the transmission stuff. I was wondering if you could -- what your thoughts might be with respect to the upcoming transmission policy agenda that's coming up here with FERC in the next few weeks. Any thoughts about how -- what you think might be coming out there and how it might affect you guys?
Ralph LaRossa: No. I think -- look, there's 5 or 6 items that are there. We have some folks that are heavily involved in transmission in our wire’s organization, so many other ones. So, we're staying abreast of it. I think FERC has remained balanced under the current share. And I don't expect some wild swings in the outcomes there, but we're monitoring it closely right now, Paul, and I wouldn't have much more to add than that.
Paul Patterson : Okay. And then just on another big policy push that we're seeing from different officials is grid enhancing technologies. And just wondering if your -- if you see -- how you see that might-- how that might impact you guys or your operations in the next few years?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, some of that grid enhancing has really been focused. I think there was a New York Times article on it about the upgrades of some of the conductors that people have installed. And we've looked at some of that and piloted some of that. As we've talked about, we've done a lot of transmission upgrades. We've also built into our system, the ability to do some additional upgrades. But I think that just becomes a cost benefit for the consumer based upon what additional capacity we would get out of it and whether or not we wouldn't want to front run the need. So, it's something we'll monitor and it's something that PJM again, will have in their tool chest to make some determinations upon how they want to solve some of the gaps that might get created as we move forward here with electrification.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. And I'd like to turn the floor back to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: I just simply want to thank you all for your continued confidence and support, we welcome all these questions and we really look forward to getting together with most of you at AGA later in May. Again, thank you to our employees, to our customers, and to and to our investors, and we'll see you all in California. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob and I am your event operator today. I’d like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 26, 2024 and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG’s Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning and welcome to PSEG’s fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings presentation. On today’s call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today’s discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-K will be filed later today. PSEG’s earnings release and other matters discussed during today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today’s materials. Following the prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us to review PSEG’s 2023 fourth quarter and full year results. For the fourth quarter of 2023, PSEG reported net income of $1.10 per share compared to net income of $1.58 per share in the fourth quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $0.54 per share compared to $0.64 per share in the fourth quarter of 2022. Our non-GAAP results, excluding the items shown in attachments 8 and 9, which we provided with the earnings release. For the full year of 2023, PSEG reported net income of $5.13 per share compared to $2.06 per share for the full year of 2022. Our non-GAAP operating earnings of $3.48 per share for the full year came in at the high-end of our 2023 guidance range of $3.40 to $3.50 per share and marked the 19th consecutive year that we delivered results meeting or exceeding our guidance. Our fourth quarter 2023 financial results capped off a solid operating year. Building on this results, you can see on Slide 5 that we also reaffirm PSEG’s full year 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.60 to $3.70 per share as well as our 5% to 7% earnings CAGR through 2028 and our $18 billion to $21 billion regulated CapEx plan that supports our rate base CAGR of 6% to 7.5% through 2028.  In rolling forward our 5-year capital plan to 2028, we added approximately $3 billion of investments to the prior plan that started from a year end 2023 rate base of $29 billion. These are all unchanged from our January 2024 investor updates and we continue to identify potential investment opportunities for future rate base growth. Dan will discuss our financial results in greater detail following my remarks. So I will focus on a quick look back then on our outlook and objectives for 2024. Since our last earnings call, PSEG has submitted two important filings at the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. In early December 2023, we filed our $3.1 billion Energy Efficiency II investment program. This significantly expanded offering is driven by an increase in work to achieve the savings targets required under the BPU’s updated energy efficiency framework. If approved, this program will launch the state’s second energy efficiency cycle beginning in January of 2025 and run through June of 2027 with investments made over a 6-year period. Our EE2 filing aligns with the annual reduction goals of 0.75% for gas and 2% for electric contained in New Jersey’s Clean Energy Act of 2018, which are all unchanged and extends through the 2027 program year. In the interim, we continue to conduct our award-winning energy efficiency program, which remains oversubscribed. This last November, we filed for a second extension to this program totaling approximately $300 million covering the July through year-end 2024 period. As a direct result of these programs, PSEG is also advancing its Clean Energy Jobs program with a focus on lower and middle-income community hiring and training. Our EE programs continue to create value by lowering customer bills, reducing energy use and emissions and providing shareholders over the return of and on the energy efficiency spending. New Jersey continues to be a national leader in promoting the broad adoption of EE, and it remains an important tool in helping us reach New Jersey’s clean energy goals. The second regulatory filing we made in December was our first distribution base rate case in nearly 6 years. This case addresses 57% of our rate base, given that the other 43% is regulated under FERC Formula Rate. You are aware that this filing was required pursuant to the settlement of our second gas system modernization program back in 2018. The filing proposes an overall revenue increase of 9% and the typical combined residential electric and gas customers seeing a proposed increase of 12%, or less than 2% of compounded growth over the 6-year period. We expect the procedural schedule for this rate case to be issued in near term. And based on previous rate case time lines, we anticipate that this rate case will conclude later in 2024. The largest item in the rate case is to obtain recovery of our capital expenditures, already made to modernize system infrastructure and improve reliability, but not yet in rates as well as to implement recovery of expenditures for the previously approved AMI and electric vehicle programs. Besides capital recovery, the rate case proposes several mechanisms to mitigate the impacts of market volatility on customer bills, including insulating customers from swing in interest rates, severe weather events and revenue-related impacts of pension, providing for a more predictable monthly bill. We are also proposing a new time of use rates that will allow customers to save on their bills by shifting usage to off-peak periods, a rate option that can benefit all customers, including incentivizing residential customers to charge their electric vehicles during these off-peak hours. The BPU has added several commissioners in the past year. Governor Murphy recently appointed Michael Bange, a retired water utility executive with operations experience. The new commissioners continue to advance a full agenda and we already have several data points over the past 6 months that are consistent with prior results, including two recent rate case settlements that adopted the existing New Jersey return on equity rate of 9.6%. These agreements between the BPU staff, Rate Counsel, other interveners and the utilities demonstrate a continued preference for settlements over adjudicated cases in New Jersey. In 2023, the BPU also approved settlements to extend our GSMP II program for 2 years to invest $900 million on infrastructure monetization and greenhouse gas reduction as well as a 9-month extension for $280 million, covering our EE1 program through June of 2024. If you’ve followed us for several years, you know that we are also laser focused on cost containment. In 2023, we were able to lock in 4-year labor agreements with all our New Jersey represented employees, which addresses one of our largest O&M costs. This is just one example of our relentless cost discipline, which has positioned our distribution rate case increases to be the lowest in the state over the 6 years since our last rate case filing back in 2018. A comparison of our in-state electric and gas distribution rate increases since our last rate case is shown on Slide 12. PSE&G’s electric distribution CAGR was less than one-third of the average New Jersey electric CAGR and our gas distribution CAGR was less than half of the average New Jersey gas CAGR. PSE&G’s customer bills continue to compare very well with regional peers for residential electric and gas service and remain lower from a historical share of wallet basis. Of considerable note was our ability to reduce monthly bills for typical net residential natural gas customers with three commodity reductions during 2023 prior to the 2024 heating season. In addition to this focus on affordability, we continue to provide outstanding reliability. For the 22nd consecutive year, PSE&G received a ReliabilityOne award in the Mid-Atlantic metropolitan service area from PA Consulting, an industry benchmarking group. We are very proud this combines our reputation for reliability and our regionally favorable affordability with nationally recognized customer satisfaction scores. PSE&G ranked number one for the second consecutive year in the J.D. Power 2023 U.S. electric utility residential customer satisfaction study in the East among our large utilities. We also secured the top position in the J.D. Power 2023 U.S. electric utility business customer satisfaction study in that same region. Now, let’s turn to our capital investment programs. During the fourth quarter of 2023, PSE&G invested approximately $1 billion in energy infrastructure and clean energy, bringing the full capital spend to $3.7 billion, our largest ever single year expenditure. As I mentioned earlier, PSE&G finished 2023 with a total rate base of approximately $29 billion, which was a 10% increase over year end 2022 rate base. A key driver of this growth is our energy efficiency program, which continues to experience higher demand for residential and C&I offerings, accounting for close to $480 million of the $3.7 billion. Our infrastructure advancement program, which is focused on modernizing the last mile of our system, has never been more critical as activity in response to new service requests for EV make-ready and additional large specific projects, including data centers picks up. We also installed and placed into service 1.5 million smart meters through our CEF Advanced Metering program or AMI. The total AMI program, which is intended to replace more than 2 million meters in total, is expected to be completed this year, still on schedule and on budget. Now turning to our nuclear operations. The nuclear production tax credit provided in the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act began on January 1 of this year and extends through 2032 with a payment of up to $15 a megawatt hour based on nuclear units gross receipts. Our nuclear fleet operated 93% capacity factor for the full year of 2023, producing approximately 32 terawatt hours of carbon-free baseload energy, which included a Salem 1 breaker-to-breaker run between refuelings. In wrapping up, I want to note a few other highlights. For the 16th consecutive year, PSEG has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. And for 2024, PSEG will also be included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook. U.S. News & World Report also recently named PSEG to its inaugural list of 200 best companies to work for. And in 2023, we were recognized by the CPA-Zicklin Index as a trendsetter for corporate political disclosure practices and accountability. We also completed the sale of our last fossil unit in Hawaii last year, making PSEG Power, one of the few carbon-free baseload generating fleets in the country. This fleet is well situated to benefit from potential data center growth, hydrogen hubs and a license extension with none of the potential upside in our current 5-year plan. PSE&G continues to execute on a robust set of growth investments aligned with New Jersey’s energy policy goals as well as expected growth from increased electrification, including EV adoption, port electrification as well as new business, including data center loads. These last two mentions were recently recognized by PJM in their January 2024 load forecast report for RPS zone. We are very pleased with the progress made thus far to increase the predictability of PSEG, an important part of achieving this comes from our ability to execute on our current 5-year capital investment plan without the need to issue new equity or sell assets. PSEG has delivered on what we said we would do, and I look forward with confidence in this team’s ability to continue to execute on our business plan in the years ahead. I’d like to close my remarks by thanking all 12,500 plus PSEG employees for their dedication and safety, reliability and our customers. I’ll now turn the call over to Dan to discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail and I’ll be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph and good morning everyone. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG reported net income of $5.13 per share for the full year of ‘23 compared to net income of $2.06 per share for 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of 2023 were $3.48 per share compared to $3.47 per share for 2022. For the fourth quarter of 2023, net income was $1.10 per share compared to $1.58 per share in 2022, and non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.54 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to $0.64 per share in 2022. We’ve provided you with information on Slide 7 and 9 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business segment for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023. Slides 8 and 10 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes, the quarter-over-quarter and full year periods and non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSE&G, we reported fourth quarter 2023 net income of $0.58 per share compared to $0.70 per share in 2022. The PSE&G had non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.59 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $0.70 per share in 2022. The main drivers for both net income and non-GAAP operating earnings results for the quarter were growth in investments in transmission and gas distribution. These favorable items were offset by the expected decline in pension income and lower OPEB-related credits as well as anticipated higher depreciation, amortization and interest expense resulting from higher investments, not yet reflected in rates and the timing of O&M in the quarter that was within our expectations for the full year. Compared to fourth quarter 2022, margin was $0.03 higher, driven by transmission at $0.01 per share, and gas margin also at $0.01 per share higher, primarily driven by the clause recovery of our GSMP investment. Other utility margin was also $0.01 per share favorable. Distribution O&M expense increased $0.05 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting seasonality and operational timing. But for the full year, distribution O&M was flat versus 2022. Depreciation and interest expense each increased $0.02 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting continued growth in investment. Lower pension income resulting from 2022’s investment returns, combined with lower OPEB credits, which ended in 2023, resulting in a $0.04 per share unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. Lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an effective tax rate, which nets to zero across the full year and other flow-through taxes had a net unfavorable impact of $0.01 per share in the quarter compared to 2022. Weather during the fourth quarter, as measured by heating degree days, was 15% warmer than normal and 13% warmer than the fourth quarter of last year. As we’ve mentioned, the Conservation Incentive Program, or SIP mechanism limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins while helping PSE&G broadly promote the adoption of its energy efficiency programs. Growth in the number of electric and gas customers, the driver for margin under the SIP mechanism has remained positive with each up by about 1% in 2023. On capital spending, as Ralph mentioned, PSE&G invested approximately $1 billion during the fourth quarter and completed its largest single year investment program at $3.7 billion for the full year. The program included upgrades and replacements to our T&D facilities, Energy Strong II investments, last mile spend in the infrastructure advancement program, ongoing gas infrastructure replacements via base and GSMP II spending, continued rollout of the clean energy investments in energy efficiency, smart meter installation and EV make-ready infrastructure. We recently rolled forward our 5-year regulated capital investment plan to 2028, amounting to $18 billion to $21 billion, which incorporates both the new $3.1 billion CEF-EE II filing as well as the $300 million expansion of the existing EE program through the end of 2024. For 2024, our regulated capital investment plan totals approximately $3.4 billion. Moving on to PCG Power and Other. For the fourth quarter of 2023, PCG Power & Other reported net income of $0.52 per share compared to net income of $0.88 per share for 2022. Non-GAAP operating loss was $0.05 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to a non-GAAP operating loss of $0.06 per share for 2022. For the fourth quarter of 2023, net energy margin rose by $0.05 per share after including lower capacity revenues that were $0.03 per share unfavorable and gas offset were lower by $0.01 per share compared to the year earlier quarter. O&M comparisons in the fourth quarter improved by $0.01 per share, driven by the absence of a Hope Creek refueling outage.  Lower interest expense was $0.01 per share favorable, primarily the result of lower collateral requirements. Lower pension income from ‘22 investment returns and OPEB credits from the lower amortization benefit were $0.03 per share unfavorable versus fourth quarter of 2022. And taxes and other were $0.03 per share unfavorable compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting a partial reversal of the effective tax rate benefit from the first quarter of 2023. On the operating side, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 7.3 terawatt hours during the fourth quarter and 32 terawatt hours for the full year of 2023, running at a capacity factor of 86% and 93% for the quarter and full year, respectively. At year-end 2023, PCG Power had hedged approximately 90% to 95% of its expected generation for 2024 and at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour, up from $31 per megawatt hour in 2023.  Touching on some recent financing activity. As of December 31, PSEG had total available liquidity of $3.4 billion, including $54 million of cash on hand. PCG Power had net cash collateral postings of approximately $113 million at December 31, more consistent with historical experience and substantially below the elevated levels seen during 2022. This reduction in collateral also helped to bolster PSEG’s cash from operations to $3.8 billion for the full year 2023 versus $1.5 billion for the full year of 2022. At year-end 2023, PSEG had $500 million outstanding of a 364-day variable rate term loan maturing in April 2024 and PCG Power had $1.25 billion outstanding of a variable rate term loan maturing in March of 2025. We’ve swapped a total of $1.4 billion from these two term loans at PSEG Power and PSEG from a variable to a fixed rate to mitigate variability in interest rates. As of December 31, reflecting our swaps, approximately 4% of our total debt was at a variable rate, which is down nearly 8% since year-end 2022, driven by a reduction in parent short-term debt of nearly $1.7 billion. We continue to maintain solid investment-grade ratings. Looking ahead, we expect that PSE&G’s considerable cash generation combined with PCG Power’s enhanced cash flow visibility from the nuclear PTC will support the execution of PSEG’s 5-year capital spending plan, which is dominated by regulated CapEx without the need to issue new equity or sell assets. In closing, we executed on our 19th year in a row of meeting or exceeding our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance. We are reaffirming PSEG’s full year 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.60 to $3.70 per share, and we are reaffirming the extension of our 5% to 7% operating earnings compounded annual growth rate through 2028. That concludes our formal remarks and we are now ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning, team. It’s actually Constantine here on for Shahriar. Congrats on a great quarter.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Constantine.
Dan Cregg: Hello, Constantine.
Constantine Lednev: Good morning. Starting off on the power side of the business, do you see any further upside to earnings contribution from nuclear going beyond the sale of operates and refueling cycle adjustments like Hope Creek in ‘25 and maybe any pushes and takes as these could be accretive versus the utility growth on a consolidated basis?
Ralph LaRossa: Constantine, I think we’ve been mentioning for quite some time that we’ve got – we potentially have some upside down from PPAs or something similar to that. But we’re going to look at what the state – how the state moves from an economic development standpoint and then make some decisions from there. And let me give you a very specific kind of thought process. We’ve done a lot of work down and around the plan in anticipation of the wind port. And so that work progressed and the state has been very happy with it. They have got some manufacturers that are either in the process of moving into that area or still considering it. But if they don’t use all of that area, maybe we could look at electrolyzer set up that could be down in that vicinity that could provide us with an opportunity. Maybe there could be a data center down in that area. But all of those things really are driven by the growth that the state is looking to do from an economic development standpoint. And as we have done for many years here aligns with the policy of the state and that’s going to enable us to continue to excel. So I think there is some upside. None of that is in our plan. None of it has been in our plan, and we’re just going to keep our options open.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, and any particular timeframe that you are looking at or now ongoing?
Ralph LaRossa: No, no. I think once we get a couple of years out here, we will be able to see – there is exert still in place through ‘25 and as all the companies are talking about a noise on the PTC rules need to come out. And once all of that comes together, we will be able to look at a plan to optimize the revenues from those plants.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. Perfect. And maybe shifting to PSE&G for a little bit. Do you have any thoughts around any lessons learned around recent rate proceedings in the state? And just how are you thinking in terms of update filings through the process and maybe the activity around settlement negotiations like any deal breakers or settlement like ROE or anything else?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Constantine, I think the biggest lesson learned is that New Jersey has its act together. I really think that the state – if you look at what has happened recently with JCP&L and Atlantic City Electric, really good outcomes. And I wouldn’t say everybody is always – people are always looking for a little more here or there. But the process and the methodology that’s been used has been consistent with in the past. There hasn’t been any real deviations and we don’t expect there to be anything different with our case, going in with a case that’s not as big as some others have gone in with. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, if you look at Page 12 in the deck, we’ve done really well by our customers over a time period that has seen a lot of inflation. We’re really not anticipating this to be a very contentious case.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. I personally appreciate that. Thanks. Thanks for taking the questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Constantine.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, David.
David Arcaro: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Hey, Ralph. Hey, Dan.
Ralph LaRossa: How are you?
David Arcaro: Good, good. Ralph, I think in the past, you’ve thought that there could be some upside to the PJM load growth outlook in New Jersey, and we’ve obviously seen some of that get reflected in the latest load forecast. We’ve also seen some state initiatives pushing for AI and data centers. So I guess what are you seeing on the ground in terms of data center activity, any upside to latest load growth expectations?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So a couple of pieces there, David. First of all, on the state level, we were very happy to see the PJM listened to our recommendations and most importantly, to the state’s policy. And so they have reflected both of those things in their latest forecast. That being said, PJM is a lot bigger than the state of New Jersey. And so we’re hoping that PJM takes a look across its entire footprint and make sure that the same methodologies are being used and a consistent methodology in all the states. States have different policies. So they may have different outcomes, electric vehicles being a great example, but how that – how any of those loads are being looked at should be consistent in our opinion, across the entire footprint of PJM. And then specifically in our backyard, we are starting to see some data centers pop up here. I would say – so far, what we have seen is somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 megawatts to 100 megawatts, but those conversations are just starting. Again, if you think about what the state has been pushing from an economic development standpoint, there is a lot of AI activities. The Governor is trying to entice some companies to move into the area. Once that happens, there might be some more opportunities for us. And our system is really well positioned. We have talked for years about the build that we did on the transmission side and the self transmission upgrades that we have been doing. It’s driving some last mile investments for us, but that’s also, again, consistent with what we have talked about with you all in the past.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And David, just a reminder, we do have the conservation incentive program that’s in place, and so what this matters more from our perspective, it’s less about the particular road growth and the volumes that we would sell. It’s much more about the infrastructure needs to have these folks be able to set up shop here in New Jersey.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. And the only – think about it this way, too, David, is if Dan is putting in a data center, he is going to use 100 megawatts, that’s 100 megawatts more to spread the costs over for all the customers. So, it also creates more headroom for our residential customers. So, all bits of it come together in a positive way.
David Arcaro: Yes, that’s helpful. Got it. Thanks. And am I hearing you correctly that I am wondering about the potential T&D CapEx opportunity that could stem from this so far. Are you thinking it’s kind of within the programs that you are – that you are growing already. I am wondering if there is potential incremental upside if this becomes a bigger driver.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. We would certainly signal that to you if we did. But I think what Dan and Carlotta and I have been saying wherever we have been going has been, right now, we have got our last mile investments that we need to make. And then if you look at our CapEx bar charts, we have a few – a little bit of upside that’s built into the high and the low, but there is nothing that I would say is incrementally driving us above those charts that we have provided in the past.
David Arcaro: Yes. Okay. Got it. Thanks. Then I was just wondering, as we think about affordability in the state, I was wondering if you could run through just the elements of rate headroom that you see looking forward, things that fall off of the rate plan, I am thinking storms, ZECs, etcetera, just to put the rate case increase into perspective.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, David, I am going to let Dan walk you through that, but because there is a lot of puts and takes that we have been taking people through, but start with Page 12 and take it from there.
Dan Cregg: Ralph, these were up exactly, right. I think – I tend to not think about it as headroom as available dollars. I would just try to think about it as maintaining an affordable bill for the State of New Jersey. And if you take a look at Page 12, it shows that we have done a very good job of doing exactly that over the last 5 years. And this is on a relative scale, but I think we have been able to manage the system very well at an affordable rate. And also with the reliability that Ralph talked about in his prepared remarks and also the customers Ralph that you talked about within those remarks. You do mention something that I think is important as well. If we take a look at the ZECs that will roll off in May of 2025, you will see a couple of hundred million dollars that will come off of PSEG customers and closer to $300 million across the state. So, that is I think a benefit from an affordability perspective to the extent that there is capital that’s needed for the reliability of the system and some of the energy transition that can help in that regard. But we don’t really think about it as headroom, we think about just trying to maintain as affordable bills we can while we are still providing quality service to customers.
David Arcaro: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks David.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team. Good morning. Thanks for letting me.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning Ralph. Just on the $3.1 billion energy efficiency filing, maybe can you just clarify, is that the spending, is that over a 6-year period, or is that from ‘25 to ‘27, that’s part one. And then part two, when should we expect a decision from the commission on that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, great questions, Durgesh. And it can be a little confusing because they do talk about the period as a triennial period. And so that ‘25 to ‘27, it’s actually 2.5 years, which is the reason for some of the extensions that you have seen and that we remarked upon earlier in our prepared remarks. Think about that 3-year period as being the period during which you are going to get the commitments to actually have the work get done. But we have described for folks, and it’s important given the magnitude of the numbers that it’s understood that the actual spending to satisfy those commitments is going to be done closer to a 5-year to 6-year period.  So, I think that’s how to think about it. It is described as a triennial period, but that’s more about getting the commitments. The spend will be over a little bit longer period. And the schedule that’s in place right now is for us to move forward. We made that filing, if you recall, December 1st. We did that at the same time as all of the utilities in the state. And you should see in the third quarter to fourth quarter. I think it’s October of this year coming up is the estimated date for us to get an outcome there.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And that process is separate and independent from the rate case, right? Just to be clear.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, that is correct.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then can I just quickly follow-up, Dan, just latest thoughts and your discussions on the nuclear PTC and where do we stand on getting guidance in terms of timeline and what to expect there?
Dan Cregg: Yes. We are still in a waiting game to guess. I wish I had a different answer for you. Treasury, as we have spoken to them last, which is just a couple of months ago, we made them aware as we do every time that we can, that it’s important for them is try to get the rules out sooner rather than later. But as we sit here today, they have not issued a date by which that they will provide that guidance. So, we are just awaiting their answer. I don’t have anything more specific, I wish I did.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you very much. Excellent. Thanks guys.
Dan Cregg: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning Carly.
Carly Davenport: Maybe just to quickly follow-up on Durgesh’s question there. As we think about the interim before we get the PTC guidance, how should we think about the hedge program in the meantime, should we expect to see any potential incremental ‘24 hedges or starting to layer in ‘25 hedges between now and then?
Dan Cregg: Yes. Carly, so we have provided some data with respect to where 2024 is. And we do have some hedges out for ‘25, obviously, at this juncture. I mean it is a little bit more challenging, but you don’t know exactly how they are going to come out with that definition of gross receipts. And so what we have tried to do internally is just take a look at what some of the potential most logical outcomes could be and try to triangulate off of that to try to basically do exactly what we have always done is try to minimize the overall risk inherent with that business. And so if under different scenarios, you could see a moderation of risk by moderating our hedges a little bit. That’s basically what we are going to try to do, again the objective of being identical to where it has been in the past to minimize the overall risk. And if there is a little bit of a different hedge position we might want to put on to do that, that’s what we would end up doing.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. That’s really helpful. And then maybe just as you think about managing O&M, can you just talk about some of the moving pieces we should be keeping in mind for 2024. I know that there might be some upward pressure from some of the nuclear outages that you have, but anything that you would flag on O&M for ‘24?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, there is nothing really. Just a reminder, though, for everyone, we really have that great outcome that we had with our union negotiations where we have labor certainty starting last May and continuing where we had – we negotiated a 4-year deal with our unions at 4% increase than 3%, 3% and 3% in the subsequent year. So, there is no surprises that we see on the horizon from that aspect and there is a lot of talk certainly about fuel prices on the nuclear side, which we can give you some more about if you are interested. But it’s such a small percentage of the overall O&M that we have that it’s really – it doesn’t become a material conversation for us at this point. So, we don’t really see anything that’s coming at us there is always storms and there is other activities, but nothing that we specifically are concerned about.
Dan Cregg: And even just to follow-on Ralph’s comments for ‘24 the nuclear fuel comment, most of what we will incur for 2024 is what’s in the reactor already. And so as we do step through the time, you have seen some increment in those markets. But for 2024, you shouldn’t expect anything very different.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks so much for the time.
Dan Cregg: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Levine: Good morning everybody.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi Ryan.
Ryan Levine: One follow-up on nuclear, should we expect that there is a plan in place on what you would do once you get the treasury regulation around tax policy that you could roll out shortly thereafter or is there a more delayed timeline in terms of response that we should look for?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Ryan, I can’t say enough about Dan and his team as far as how much they have done as far as looking at a bunch of different options right now. So, I think we are very well positioned to act when we need to act and they have been very thoughtful about that. But I will give it to Dan to give you any more specifics.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I mean I think Ralph said it, we have done a lot of work trying to understand where this could come out. I guess I would say the treasury has given us the time to do that work by not having some guidance out as early as we might have liked. So, in those situations, what you do is you try to think about where they may come out with guidance and to prepare yourself to be ready for any of those outcomes. And so that’s what we have been doing.  To your – the other part of your question, yes, we would let you know what our response will be after it does come out, we are able to thoroughly read through everything and make sure that we understand all the nuances that may or may not be in what comes out. I hope when it does come out, it will be won [ph] and done. Instead of guidance that we will have incremental guidance to follow, it would be great if it was – if it comes out on full form, but we will definitely share how we are approaching things once we know what the final rules are.
Ryan Levine: Great. And unrelated, I think you were touching on time of use rates as being important for the data center potential opportunity in New Jersey. Is that – am I hearing that right? And is there any rate design mechanisms that are being discussed to maybe further attract that industry development in the state?
Dan Cregg: Yes. So, maybe a little bit less from a data center perspective, but certainly from a broader perspective, if you think about EVs, one of the things that we did touch on was that time of use rates is a topic that we would anticipate that we would work through within this rate case. And I think in Ralph’s prepared remarks, you talked about that being helpful to those that ultimately have EVs and could encourage some incremental adoption there. But that’s more where you would find it in the rate case and less about data centers more about electrification and EV.
Ryan Levine: Great. Thank you very much…
Ralph LaRossa: Which is really well positioned, Ryan, between the SIP that we have had in place for some time and where we are from a rate structure standpoint that Dan’s comments were bid on.
Ryan Levine: Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. And I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Great. Thanks. Listen, this – I think the fact that we have got, we only have five questions on this call, folks asking questions that at the end of the day, it was another uneventful call for us. And that is just really what we are hoping to put in place as we have worked really hard as a team to close out our first full year together. 2023 was the year of execution that came across from a number of different areas in our company. But it’s all built on the base of a utility that’s really uniquely positioned. It’s got – it’s provided affordable service for its customers, it’s provided reliable service for its customers and its continued to deliver high-quality service based upon the results of all the polling that we do with our customers and J.D. Power just being one of those examples. And then you just combine that with a nuclear fleet now has continued to be more predictable, not only because of what we are seeing from the revenues side and the PTCs, but from an operating standpoint, you see in our deck, we went from 92% capacity factored and 93% capacity factors this year, and we will continue to improve on that. That’s our expectation. We want to continue to provide that great revenues from those plants that’s going to provide us with the opportunity to continue to not issue equity, and not sell any assets and continue the growth that we have had on the utility side. So, we thank you for all the support that you have given us over 2023, and you can expect from us the same consistent and uneventful progress that we have made throughout this past year. So, thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob, and I am your operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for the members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today October 31, 2023, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning, and welcome to PSEG's third quarter 2023 earnings presentation. On today's call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today's discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. PSEG's earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income or net loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle, GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's materials. Following Ralph and Dan's prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning to everyone, and thanks for joining us to review PSEG's third quarter results. Earlier today, PSEG reported third quarter 2020 net income of $0.27 per share compared to net income of $0.22 per share for the third quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter were $0.85 per share compared to $0.86 per share in the third quarter of 2022. Our non-GAAP results exclude items shown in Attachments 8 and 9, which we provided with the earnings release. We are very pleased with the results of both PSE&G and PSEG Power & Other which are continuing to fully meet our planning expectations. Through the first nine months, PSEG is on track to achieve our full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share. This morning, we also reaffirmed both PSEG's full year 2023 earnings guidance and our long-term 5% to 7% earnings growth outlook with the announcement of our third quarter results, which Dan will discuss in greater detail following my remarks. We had a very constructive quarter on several fronts. Our utility, PSE&G invested approximately $1 billion in energy infrastructure during the third quarter, bringing the year-to-date spend to $2.7 billion. For the full year 2023, capital spend is now expected to total $3.7 billion, slightly higher than our original plan of $3.5 billion, ahead of scheduled execution on our clean energy future energy efficiency and our infrastructure advancement programs. On the advanced metering front, PSE&G has completed the installation and placed into service just over half of 1.3 million of the 2.3 million planned smart meter replacements. Overall, we remain on schedule and within our cost parameters. We have seen strong demand for PSE&G's energy efficiency solutions, which is helping our customers save energy and lower their bills. To give you some perspective on how strong the demand for energy efficiency is. Consider that PSE&G now sells more energy efficiency solutions in a single month than we did in the entire year just a few years ago. In addition, we continue to support the energy transition and decarbonization of the New Jersey economy by upgrading the last mile of our distribution system as well as adding new electric infrastructure due in part to an increase in electric vehicle penetration. These critical New Jersey energy investments also support our rate base growth trajectory of 6% to 7.5% through 2027. The low end of PSEG's rate base CAGR assumes an extension of our investment programs at their current annual levels. Within the upper end of the rate base range is a potentially higher amount of infrastructure investment and upcoming filings for energy efficiency above their current run rates. Last week, the BPU reset the start date for the second three-year energy efficiency period to begin January 1, 2025, and run through June 30, 2027, for a total term of 2.5 years while adding a six-month extension to the current three-year period. The BPU requested updated utility filings to be aligned with this new period. The BPU's updated framework outlines a robust continuation of EE in the state and includes utility-specific net annual energy reduction targets for the upcoming filings. It also directs utilities to propose quantitative performance indicators aligned with the updated net annual energy reduction targets and the compressed 2.5-year time frame. The prior EE annual reduction goals of 0.75% for gas and 2% for electric during the program years of 2026 and 2027 remain unchanged. Earlier this month, the BPU approved a settlement to extend our current GSMP II program through December 2025 and provided for $900 million of investment to replace a minimum of 400 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel main at a modestly higher run rate than our previous programs. For the $900 million investment provided in the settlement, $750 million will be recovered through three periodic rate update clauses with the balance addressed in the future rate case. Through GSMP II, we reduced methane lease by approximately 22% system-wide from 2018 levels. This extension enables us to remain on track to achieve our long-term reduction target in methane emissions of at least 60% over the 2011 through 2030 period. PSEG's broader GSMP II filing is being held in advance. We expect that this filing, which also includes pilot projects to introduce renewable natural gas and hydrogen blending into our existing distribution system. We'll restart after the future of natural gas utility stakeholder proceedings conclude. The GSMP II extension approval provides for restarting the GSMP III filing by January 2025 with the intent of beginning the next phase of this work in January of 2026. While we make these investments, we remain focused on customer affordability and continue to diligently manage our O&M expense. We recently completed new four-year labor agreements with all of our New Jersey unions. I want to underscore the importance of this in relation to our costs labor is one of our largest expenditures. Having four years of labor cost certainty helps us keep customer bills affordable and provides our represented employees with wage predictability. PSE&G continues to compare very well to peers on a share wallet basis both in the region as well as nationally. Monthly bills for typical residential natural gas customers remained among the lowest in the region. Beyond that, for the upcoming 2024 heating season, the BPU approved PSE&G's request to lower the gas commodity charge to approximately $0.40 per therm effective October 1. This gas commodity charge, which is simply a pass-through for the utility has declined by a total of 38% since January 1, 2023. Now turning to our nuclear operations. The PSEG nuclear fleet operated at 95.8% capacity factor during the year-to-date period ended September 30, producing 24.3 terawatt hours of carbon-free baseload energy. Our 57% owned Salem Unit 1 just completed another breaker to breaker run and entered its scheduled fall refueling outage after operating for 508 continuous days between refuelings. Our efforts to transition our boiling water reactor at Hope Creek from an 18-month to 24-month refueling cycle through lower capital cost projects is ongoing. Related to our competitive transmission proposal submitted to PJM as part of its 2022 Window 3 solicitation -- their transmission expansion advisory committee staff recently recommended that a PSEG project being included as part of a comprehensive solution. PSEG's project outlines a $447 million investment with an expected in-service date of 2027. The PJM Board will announce their final decision in December. This is another example of regulated opportunities that we are pursuing, and we intend to leverage our considerable transmission skills and similar opportunities that arise. Switching topics for a moment to sustainability, you will recall that we committed to the United Nations back race to zero campaign in September of 2021 with the intention of submitting proposed targets encompassing scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions to the science-based targets initiative. We made our submission in September and is now under review as part of SBTi's validation process. I'd like to conclude by recapping some of the progress we've made towards our goal of streamlining and improving the predictability of our business. We now have a lower business risk profile following the sale of the fossil business and our exit from offshore wind generation. February and August, we successfully reduced a significant amount of pension variability on future results with the regulatory accounting order and the lift-out and we'll consider pursuing additional mitigation on our upcoming rate case. And we have helped them secure the financial viability of critical important New Jersey energy assets with the decision to retain our carbon-free baseload nuclear fleet, enhanced by the revenue stability of a production tax credit that begins January of 2024. These actions helped to extend our track record of executing on PSEG's improved business strategy. Having a decade-long visibility of cash flows from the nuclear PTC will help us to maintain a solid financial profile that does not require us to issue any new equity or sell any assets to fund our five-year capital investment program. It supports our ability to pay a competitive and growing dividend. In closing, I want to share our plans for providing 2024 earnings guidance and other important financial updates. As you know, we will file our electric and gas distribution base rate case this December, and we'll update you with the parameters once that is public. We expect to complete our normal business planning in mid-December, so you can expect us to provide 2024 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance shortly after that business plan is completed. In early December, we intend to update our existing 2023 to 2027 CapEx and rate base projections to reflect the recent GSMP II extension through 2025 and two upcoming energy efficiency filings; one, to extend the current EE program out through the end of 2024, followed by a new filing covering the next round of EE programs through 2027. These updates will inform our longer-term assumptions for capital and rate base projections. And we expect to post a full roll forward of the capital plan rate base and long-term earnings CAGR in the January 2024 investor update. I will now turn the call over to Dan for more details on the operating results and will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG reported net income of $139 million or $0.27 per share for the third quarter of 2023 compared to net income of $114 million or $0.22 per share for the third quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2023 were $425 million or $0.85 per share compared to $429 million or $0.86 per share for the third quarter of 2022. We've provided you with information on Slides 9 and 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business for the third quarter and year-to-date of 2023. Slides 10 and 12 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes for the quarter-over-quarter and year-to-date periods and non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSE&G, which reported third quarter 2023 net income of $401 million or $0.80 per share compared with $399 million or $0.80 per share in the third quarter of 2022. The PSE&G had non-GAAP operating earnings of $403 million or $0.80 per share for the third quarter of '23 compared to $399 million or $0.80 per share in the third quarter of 2022. The main drivers for both GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were growth in transmission and distribution margins resulting from continued investment in infrastructure replacement and clean energy programs as well as lower O&M expense. These favorable items were offset by our anticipated lower pension income and OPEB credits, along with higher depreciation and interest expense resulting from incremental investments since the year earlier quarter. Compared to the third quarter of 2022, transmission was $0.03 per share higher. Electric margin was $0.02 per share higher, reflecting investment returns from Energy Strong II. Gas margin was $0.01 per share higher, primarily driven by the clause recovery of our GSMP investment. Lower distribution O&M expense added $0.01 per share compared with the third quarter of 2022, and depreciation and interest expense increased by $0.01 and $0.02 per share, respectively compared to third quarter 2022, reflecting continued growth in investment. Lower pension income resulting from 2022's investment returns, combined with lower OPEB credits scheduled to end in 2023, resulted in a $0.05 per share unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. Lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an effective tax rate, which nets to zero over a full year and other flow-through taxes had a net favorable impact of $0.01 per share in the quarter compared to third quarter of 2022. Weather during the third quarter, as measured by the Temperature-Humidity Index, was 11% warmer than normal, but 5% cooler than the third quarter of 2022. As we've mentioned, the SIP mechanism in effect since 2021 limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins while enabling PSE&G to promote the widespread adoption of its energy efficiency program. Growth in the number of electric and gas customers, the driver of margin under the SIP mechanism continues to be positive and will each up by approximately 1% year-to-date. On capital spending, PSE&G invested approximately $1 billion during the third quarter and is on track to execute its largest ever investment program of $3.7 billion in a single year. The program includes upgrades and replacements to our T&D facilities, Energy Strong II investments, last mile spend in the infrastructure advancement program, our ongoing GSMP II program continued rollout of the clean energy investments in energy efficiency and the energy cloud, including smart meters and adding new electric infrastructure to accommodate an increase in EV penetration. During 2023, we've taken actions to limit the impact of our pension on earnings and increase the predictability of our financial results. In February of 2023, the BPU approved an accounting order authorizing PSE&G to modify its method for calculating the amortization of the net actuarial gain or loss component for ratemaking purposes. This change is effective for the calendar year 2023 and forward. For the full year 2023, PSE&G's forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings is unchanged at $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion. Moving to PSEG Power & Other. For the third quarter of 2023 PSEG Power & Other reported a net loss of $262 million or $0.53 per share largely reflecting the pension settlement charge associated with the lift-out transaction. This compares to a net loss of $285 million or $0.58 per share for the third quarter of 2022. The onetime noncash settlement charge of $332 million, $239 million net of tax was related to the approximately $1 billion of PSEG Power & Other pension obligations and associated plant assets transferred to the Prudential Insurance Company. After providing for the effect of the lift out, our pension plans remain well funded, and there is no material impact on our non-GAAP operating earnings in 2023. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $22 million or $0.05 per share for the third quarter of 2023 compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $30 million or $0.06 per share in the third quarter of 2022. We previously mentioned that during the first quarter of 2023, PSEG Power realized the majority of the approximate $4 per megawatt hour increase in the average price of our 2023 hedged output which rose to approximately $31 per megawatt hour with higher winter pricing driving most of that increase. For the third quarter of 2023, gross margin rose by a total of $0.03 per share primarily reflecting the roll-off of certain full requirement BGS load contracts and had a higher cost to serve, resulting in a $0.04 per share of benefit compared to the prior year. The gross margin improvement also included higher generation which added $0.01 per share, resulting from the absence of a Hope Creek refueling outage that started at the end of last year's third quarter. These positive variances were partially offset by lower capacity revenues of $0.02 per share compared with the year ago quarter consistent with prior year capacity auction. OEM cost comparisons in the third quarter improved by $0.03 per share, driven by the absence of Hope Creek refueling outage expenses that were partly incurred in 2022's third quarter. Lower depreciation expense was $0.01 favorable compared with the year ago quarter, while higher interest expense was $0.01 unfavorable. Lower pension income from 2022 investment returns and OPEB credits from the lower amortization benefit were $0.03 per share unfavorable versus third quarter 2022. Taxes and other were $0.04 per share unfavorable compared to the third quarter of 2022, reflecting a partial reversal of the effective tax benefit from the first quarter of 2023. On the operating side, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 8.1 terawatt hours during the third quarter and 24.3 terawatt hours for the year-to-date period in 2023, running at a capacity factor of 95.3% and 95.8% for the quarter and year-to-date periods, respectively. For the full year 2023 PSEG is forecasting generation output of 30 to 32 terawatt hours and has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of this production at an average price of $31 per megawatt hour. For 2024, the nuclear fleet is forecasted to produce 30 to 32 terawatt hours of baseload output and has hedged 85% to 90% of this generation at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. The forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings for PSEG Power & Other is unchanged at $200 million to $225 million for the full year. This forecast reflects the realization of a majority of the expected increase in the average 2023 annual hedge price in the first quarter of '23, as we previously discussed. For the balance of the year, higher interest expense largely captured in our November 22 update is expected to reduce PSEG Power & Other results. Touching on some recent financing activity, as of September 30, PSEG had total available liquidity of $3.8 billion, including $57 million of cash on hand. PSEG Power had net cash collateral postings of approximately $350 million at September 30, which is substantially below the elevated levels seen last year. In August, PSE&G issued $500 million of 5.2% secured medium-term notes due August 2033 and issued $400 million of 5.45% secured medium-term notes due August 2053. In September, PSE&G retired $325 million of 3.25% secured medium-term notes at maturity. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, PSEG issued $600 million of 5.88% senior notes through October 2028 and $400 million of 6.13% senior notes due October 2033. Prior to pricing these notes, $800 million of treasury locks were executed, which had a positive fair value of $14 million, and this benefit will be amortized over the life of the senior notes, partially offsetting interest expense. Proceeds from the sale of the senior notes will be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of $750 million of PSEG debt maturing this November. As of September 30, 2023, PSEG had $500 million outstanding of a 364-day variable rate term loan maturing in April 2024 and PSEG Power had $1.25 billion outstanding of a variable rate term loan maturing March of 2025. As of the end of the quarter, PSEG had swapped $900 million of the power term loan from a variable to a fixed rate serving to mitigate the impact of higher interest rates. As of September 30, reflecting our swaps, approximately 5% of our total debt was at a variable rate, which is down by half since year-end 2022. We continue to maintain a solid financial position with limited exposure to variable rate debt given the improvement in our collateral position, a staggered maturity schedule and PSEG Power cash generation to support funding our regulated business. In closing, we are reaffirming PSEG's full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share. PSE&G is forecasted between $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion and PSEG Power & Other is forecasted at $200 million to $225 million. That concludes our formal remarks. And operator, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Campanella: So I just -- I wanted to ask on looking forward to '24, if the broad market kind of underperforms here that could maybe affect your pension headwind, but also kind of understanding that you've done a lot of derisking this past year to take the volatility out, you had the lift out, you have the accounting order. Just -- could you just give us any sense how we should think about kind of pension contribution as a percentage of earnings for '24 or just even relative to the drag you've had year-to-date? Is there a drag that we should be thinking about for '24? And any detail on how pension has performed year-to-date versus your expectations as well would be helpful.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Nick. Sure. So listen, first of all, I appreciate you recognizing the work that Dan and his team and the regulatory team did already here. And we're seeing the benefits of it, right? We had -- I'll talk in engineering terms, we've reduced the sign of the sine wave and there's less volatility. So, there's nothing that we've seen or expect that it's going to become problematic for us as we look at '24. But I'll let Dan give you any more details he wants to provide on that, but just the result of some good work that we've accomplished this year.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And think that's really what we set out to do. It doesn't eliminate the effect of markets moving because we still do have attention, but we've been able to minimize the magnitude of what we would see. So, as we step through the year, markets have moved, they've been off a little bit in the last few months. We got another couple of months to go to we see where we land. I think that we're not immune to some of those movements, but I think the work that we've done will lessen that effect. And as we're looking at it now, the magnitude of what we intend to see or what we anticipate seeing as we move through year-end is something we can still manage through the overall O&M budget.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. That's helpful. And nice to see that you're ahead of plan on the CapEx, obviously, there's a bias hire here as you roll forward. And I guess we'll get more of those details in January, but as we kind of think about putting higher CapEx through the model, just how are you thinking about equity proceeds, if at all?
Dan Cregg: No. There is no -- there has been no and there is no intention to have any equity issuance as we go through the capital plan that we have in front of you. So we've had $15.5 billion to $18 billion for the utility through '27 all year. We're still within that range as you look across the five years, that $3.7 billion is a great performance. So, we've been able to continue to move forward on that. But what you're seeing there is great and it's helpful, but it is still within our overall range. And there is no equity that we're going to need to fund even the high end of that range.
Ralph LaRossa: And Nick, let me just double down on that, right? We've been saying to everyone that we can, no equity, no kind of equity and no sale of assets, so...
Operator: The next question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Let me just slightly tweak Nick's question around '24. I mean, obviously, it's going to be a big year for PSEG with the rate case filing and your PTC guidance for nuclear and then the ZEC’s on setting, right? I guess how do you plan to sort of embed the various scenarios into '24 guidance when you roll forward at 4Q, even if you're we're thinking about this directionally? I mean, obviously, a swift resolution of the GRC could be part of this I guess, so how do we think about your base assumptions there? And any changes to the interest rate assumption and $0.30 under earning headwind for PSE&G that was presented a year ago, any incremental puts and takes on regulatory lag in the preceding year?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Shar. All great questions. And again, I'll give Dan some chance to answer details here, but you hit on all the moving parts that we're considering. And a lot of that has to do with driving for what our time frame is that we're going to come out with the -- with our earnings in December. So Dan, can you just give any more on some of those items.
Dan Cregg: Yes, sure. We'll finalize where we're heading and let you know. And I think, there's always some assumptions you're going to make as you step forward, I think, on the rate case. We will file that at some point during this quarter. We've said that it usually takes somewhere between 9 to 12 months to move through. So, we'll make our assumptions around that. I would love to be able to tell you that we're going to have PTC guidance in hand, and we're going to know exactly where things land. But I think that there's a reasonable set of assumptions that you can make within that uncertainty until we get those regulations, and we'll do that. And our guidance on interest rates really will be driven by what we see in the market. [Technical Difficulty] We captured the moves that we've seen over the last year or so. And so, all of those will come into play, and I think we'll still be able to speak with confidence with respect to an overall guidance range for '24, and we'll do that soon.
Shar Pourreza: And again, I don't want to put you in a corner, but it seems like there's probably more tailwinds and tail risks that as we're thinking about that shift from '23 to '24. Is that a fair assessment?
Dan Cregg: Well, look, I think what we'll put forth is a balanced view. I think that both from Nick's question before and some of the things that you referenced, those are the kinds of things that will come into play as we put the estimate together. But I still think the way that the business is set up we're not going to have to worry about weather movements because of our decoupling. We've got a smaller pension variability that Ralph just mentioned. We've captured most of the interest rate moves. So, I think the work that we have been doing over the last 1.5 years or so is really going to pay off to enable us to be able to speak with confidence on that range when we put it out.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly, just -- I mean, I guess, what are you hearing on the nuclear PTC guidance? And I guess, how do you plan a business case around it? I mean you have a refueling cycle, you've had some modest CapEx improvements on the back burner for nuclear, are those plans getting closer to a decision point, especially with the guidance?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Shar, I'd say a couple of things on that front. Just to reinforce again the stability that we introduced last year. We said it on the PTC floor, right? So we're not counting on anything above or beyond that. And that's the way our plan is set. So that should be pretty clear for you all and pretty transparent on that front, and then on the CapEx, we have said a couple of times, we're moving ahead very well on the refueling cycle at Hope Creek -- that work is progressing as we expected and those surprises there. And we'll probably be hearing something in '24 from us, a little bit more on the upgrades that we plan for sale and the timing of that. Effects on cal '24 though -- those will pay dividends as we go down the...
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And again, sorry, just getting hit with a lot of questions from one of my questions. When do you plan on giving '24 guidance?
Ralph LaRossa: We have said that we're going to give it after we finish our business planning process with our board. We have a review with our Board that we do in December. So, we'll be doing it in December.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Ralph, just a finer point on equity. I think this is going to be a Dan's wheelhouse. But you showed this slide in the June investor deck, which kind of talked the $4 billion in balance sheet capacity. How does that look now as obviously the puts and takes -- how does that look now? And then part two, just to be clear, as you roll forward the plan, and there's energy efficiency, there's obviously the transmission opportunity. Should we expect no equity as well as you roll forward to 2028?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So look, I'll give it to Dan again, give you some details, but that -- both of those things are very good news for us. The transmission opportunity as well as the energy efficiency growth that we see from the triennial at the BPU put forth. But Dan's answer, I believe, is going to be exactly the same to you. We do not need equity or anything that looks like it.
Dan Cregg: Yes. If you guys Ralph is right. We are still moving forward with that same capital raise that we talked about earlier. We will be providing an update. Ralph referenced that in his earlier remarks, both from what we've heard back from PJM and from what the state is looking at on energy efficiency in this next triennium this next three-year period. And so, we will do that update as we go forward. But that will be the exact -- the way that, that will roll through is we have a range of capital. We will update that range. And on the other side of that, we will have what remains from the standpoint of that debt capacity. But I think you should still look with us -- look to us with confidence that we will be able to fund that without the need for incremental.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Very clear there. And then just maybe just on the topic of nuclear PTCs. I saw you've increased hedges for 2024, the percentage of output hedged. How are you thinking about '25? I mean, obviously, we are still awaiting guidance here. But are you like -- as you roll forward to 2025, are you going to be less hedged than before anticipating some clarity on nuclear PTC? Or what is your thought process there?
Dan Cregg: Yes. So guess what we've said to folks is that we don't have the exact calculation that's going to be made and what we try to do is think through what may come to us, right? So when you have some of that uncertainty, you try to think through the ultimate answer that will come and then try to think through the viability of those solutions and where they may land. And we've kind of reacted to that thinking against the background of some of that uncertainty. And so that doesn't mean that we would not be doing any hedges that means that we would be continuing to move forward at pace thinking about how that PTC may come out. Those rules will come out at some point, we hope sooner than later for that exact reason, right? It's just shaped how you're thinking about it. But I'd say, I don't think terribly different from what we had been doing with our hedging versus what we're doing now within 25 as a general rule.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Let's see. Wondering if you could touch on your latest expectations for the rate case. Just has anything changed around your thinking for the revenue requirement, anything on the capital or O&M side that would shift your expectations as to what you file coming up this quarter?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, there's nothing really that I said -- we've been saying all along with what our plans are. I think the only thing that you'll see is that this rate case gives us the opportunity to roll in a lot of the other things that people have been asking about, whether it be interest rates or pensions, right, and the impact that pension expenses might have on us. So -- that's -- those are the only two real updates, I would say that we have, and we're keeping an eye on the CapEx, but most of those items that we talked about, whether GSMP, which we closed on, transmission opportunity exists, which will not be with the state of New Jersey, our energy efficiency would be a clause mechanism. So nothing really that I would say is driving a big change to us. Dan, anything you want to add?
Dan Cregg: No. Just one thing, David, the one thing that I think we could lose sight of and shouldn't is that with all of the focus on a higher interest rate environment, that there's -- we've got some questions about what might be the implications to any kind of an impact on the rate case as we go forward. And I reminded folks, this is the first rate case filing we'll do since 2018. And so the early part of that period between rate cases, we saw lower interest expense. And so yes, what we're seeing in this current environment is higher, and so there could be some costs that would move through the overall revenue requirement from the way we have trust capital. But thinking about stepping through years where interest rates were lower and now we're in a higher rate environment, net-net, that does not calculate into a considerable rate increase because of interest rates. And so that's not a rate pressure as we go into this just as a reminder.
David Arcaro: Yes. Got it. Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then we've got new leadership at the commission. I was just wondering if you could give perspectives on if you think the overall kind of priorities of the commission, and how they're going to treat maybe settlements or just overall views on your opportunities to work with them now going forward under new leadership in a different set of commissioners?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, David. Sure. Look, I would -- our opinions really don't matter as much as results. And I have to tell you, I could not be more pleased with the board and the action they took on our gas system modernization program. That quick action and decisive action to move that forward shows a couple of things. One is the work that we're doing and how it's helping the environment from a methane reduction standpoint is aligned with the policies of the state. And I would also say the desire for the board to continue to reach settlement was exhibited there as well, right? So, both of those things are real positives and just should reinforce that for only us, in our opinion, but for you all that we are in the same space that we were before.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of, I guess, build a little bit on some of the points you laid out there. With the GSMP II extension, can you frame the settlement versus capital plan assumptions versus the longer-term goals of GSMP III? Are the state's ongoing energy transition discussions factoring into the settlement, just kind of looking at this more holistically.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So look, here's the way I would frame it. The two years that we agreed upon are at a higher run rate than they would have otherwise been based upon our filing. So that's a real positive. I think when you look at the two areas that were of concern in the conversation they were minimal from an investment standpoint. One was the renewable natural gas piece of our filing and the other was the hydrogen blending. And those are fair policy conversations that need to take place. So, the Board wanted to move ahead from a commitment standpoint to get the work done to continue to methane reductions. So, we're completely aligned there. The run rate was higher. And I think we just participate and see where policy wants to go on those other two items and make a decision on that. But from a long-term strategy standpoint, our commitment to reduce the cast iron in our system remains and it's supported at this time by the commission. So I see nothing really changing from that standpoint.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And I think against the backdrop of the capital plan, Jeremy, we had talked about the low end of the range being consistent with where we were in the high end of the range being more like what we had for this particular item more like what we had filed for GSMP III. And so, we were above our run rate, but not as high as we had filed. So, we're firmly within that capital plan range.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then following up with hydrogen, if I could. What's the latest messaging progress behind the hydrogen hub evaluation in the Northeast Mid-Atlantic there? And how should we think about the hydrogen opportunity across local industry, PEG’s nuclear fleet, gas blending, regional renewable electrification overall. What can you share there?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Jerry, we -- first of all, we participated on two of the hub applications. One was the Northeast hub and the second was the MACT II. The MACT II hub was the one that was selected by the DOE in this area and we're really happy and proud of being part of that solution. I think it's going to provide us with a lot of long-term growth opportunities in the region. And I say that from an economic development standpoint for the state. I think we'll have a real opportunity to place an electrolyzer somewhere in South Jersey. I think we'll have an opportunity to make use of some pipelines that exist in South Jersey and some storage that exists in South Jersey for hydrogen as well as some end users that are in that area, both in the Delaware and across the river in Southern Pennsylvania from refinery standpoint. That's from the generic economic standpoint. I think our play here will be really determined when we see what the rules come out from the IRA and how the PTC is going to interact with both the nuclear PTC and the -- and what -- so you might think of as pan-caking hydrogen credits on top of that or not. So we'll look at that. We don't have any of that baked into our plan. I think that's the key for you to take away. It's upside for us. I will also tell you that we have no expectation of being part of anything that's going to create any commodity risk for us on the hydrogen front, so we'll look at this. We'll help the state achieve some economic growth that they have down in that depressed part of our state, and then we'll see what role we specifically play within it as an enterprise.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And I think you guys have been pretty clear on no equity. So I will fully refrain from that part.
Dan Cregg: I could say it again, if you like, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: No, we heard you loud and clear. But just, I guess, in December, any updates to get there. I mean, will we be getting kind of a CapEx update in December, and then would that be updated kind of later on '24 as we kind of -- some of the incremental items come through? And just clarity comes through on some of the different items. And if so, how does the expected EE filing match up with how you're thinking about it at last year's CapEx update?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, Jeremy, so we are going to give you a partial update on CapEx through '27, and then we will give you more in January from a capital roll forward standpoint. So that's kind of the rhythm the December update will be a little bit of the run rate that we talked about for GSMP and the EE filings that we have to file, which will be in the beginning of December for the BPU. That said, what we've been indicating is that, that filing will -- if you look at the triennial, you would expect it to be a little bit more than we have seen in the past from a run rate standpoint. We're still assessing it. I personally have not seen the final product from our team, so I couldn't give you any more details even if I wanted to. But the indication from everyone who has looked at that order that came out from the BPU is that there'll be more opportunity for us there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just trying to bring the call together here, tie it up a little bit. Look, you talked about December and then January. You guys have a lot of different moving pieces coming together, right? And so you've got this GSMP, you got the energy efficiency. You have the rate case proposal. You got the PJM transmission. I think in your comments, you said December presumably. And again, you comment on this new load growth update from PJM December, January as well. I just want to -- maybe just to ask it more directly, how do you think about that rate base CAGR? You said specifically in your remarks again today about being that run rate being the low end of that? You commented just out of Jeremy, amongst others, about seeing a new elevated run rate. How do you think about that 6% plus rate base outlook? How does that fit into the 5% to 7%. And what pieces are we missing here to the culmination, if you will, in January here? It seems like a lot of positives, no equity, low end of rate base CAGR clearly seeing a higher run rate. Just I'm trying to tie this together, if I can. I guess...
Ralph LaRossa: I'm going to give Dan a crack at some of this, too, but I just want to reinforce -- I apologize if I said we were at the low end. I definitely is in that -- I did not mean to say that if I said it earlier, it was not my intention. So we're within the range. We've said that. And I would agree with you that there's a lot of positive momentum here, but nothing is firmed up yet. And so that's why we're where we are. And we will give you that information when we get later in December for the two items that I mentioned, the GSMP and then we'll give you some more in January. But Dan, do you want to add anything to that?
Dan Cregg: No, I think that says Joe. There was not an update with respect to those numbers today. We have reaffirmed those numbers today. As we do step forward, it has and it continues to be a range. And so we've gotten some indication from PJM that there could be some incremental transmission spend is in the $400 million range. We've gotten some indication by going through that BPU triennial that EE could see a little bit of a lift frankly, the GSMP was a higher run rate, but was not as much as GSMP I was filed for. So, there's going to be puts and takes. And I think what we're saying is that you're going to see that update in full and some of those ranges having a little bit more color around that because we've stepped through another series of months as we approach the end of the year and move into year-end.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. A couple of clarifications there. If you don't mind, I was saying earlier, 6% to 7.5%, at least the -- the low end of 6% seems like it needs to come up through '27 -- would you be rolling forward the plan to '28? And then even more specifically within that, how do you think about the linearity if we're going to bring up this term again in terms of earnings, not just off of '23, but maybe off of a '24 baseline, if you will, if you don't mind?
Dan Cregg: Yes. Look, Julien, we said 6% to 7.5%, and that is where we still are. So if you're talking me up from that number, we're at the 6% to 7.5% -- what we're trying just to do is as we do step forward, we will give the indication as to what these things start to look like. The filing for EE has not been made. And we don't have that final answer from PJM with respect to that transmission. So I think those will follow. And as we do step forward, that base will move up and will some incremental capital as we extend the years of our forecast. We need to come up a little bit. These are the kind of things that we'll do that. So, I think you ought to Think about it as exactly how we presented it, that we're affirming those numbers as we step forward. We'll give you a little bit more color in '24 come December and then we'll move into a longer-term update on the other side of our overall finalization of our plan.
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Sullivan: Sorry to belabor, but just to tie it up on the year-end call update. So fair to say that the earnings CAGR will be 2024 to 2028, is that right?
Ralph LaRossa: That will be in the January time frame. That's what we said in the prepared remarks, and we will be giving that update at that time, exactly.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And kind of consistent with how you laid it out at the Analyst Day on the nuclear side of things. We should assume the nuclear PTC 4 level with anyone else being...
Dan Cregg: Yes.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then last, just on the credit side of things. So I think I saw earlier this week, Moody's took a favorable action or outlook on the power side of things. And any potential resource to the consolidated view there and how they might be thinking about your metrics and thresholds?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Nothing that we're aware of on the parent level, but I will tell you, I was getting some good work by Dan and his team treasury department to explain what's going on in our -- on the power side. And we were very happy, and I appreciate you recognizing Moody's letter it went out. So, thanks on that front.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think what they did, Michael, made sense, right? If you think about what nuclear has been and what it is now, that PTC does provide that exact floor that you're referencing. And so, we do intend to continue to talk about that within our numbers and nothing beyond that. But certainly, that stabilization is supportive of exactly what Moody's did.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Most of might have been answered, but just two quick sort of housekeeping questions on nuclear, if I could. First one, are there any updates in terms of nuclear PTC in terms of your view on when we might get clarity there? And then the second one is just, is there anything to flag so far on the Salem 1 refueling outage in terms of how that's been progressing from both a timing and a budget perspective?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Look, I'll take the last one. The team continues to perform excellent work there, and there's nothing that we have there to discuss other than a normal average consistent with our business plan, so just a great opportunity for me to give kudos to the team down there. So thank you for that and Dan will give you the PTC piece.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I presume treasury is also doing excellent work down there, but they're not reporting now to it's not exactly when. So we don't have any particular color on timing other than to continue to reinforce that, but sooner is better than later, but we've not heard anything back yet.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller: Real quick to go -- just touch on CapEx. That $200 million -- is that -- could you characterize that as new projects? Is that inflation on existing projects pull forward? I wonder if you could clarify that real quick?
Dan Cregg: Yes. Travis, I think what that really is, is the team has been doing a great job of knocking out the work that we have in front of us, and there are a couple of things that, that is think of it as just getting some of the work done a little bit quicker than anticipated, and we'll follow up with a more fulsome update as we go forward.
Travis Miller: Okay. So would that pull out of 2024 at all or not a relationship there?
Dan Cregg: No. Well, I would argue that you may be able to think about it that way. But as we give you an update, you'll be able to see what happens because 2025 could get pulled back into '24. It's a little bit fluid as they go forward. And if they're ahead on where they are right now, you can see some other things coming back into '24. So I wouldn't think about it as a reduction in '24. I think about it as just getting a little bit more work done early, and we'll continue to true that up as we go forward.
Ralph LaRossa: And the only thing I would add there is the comments I made also just indicate there's a lot of interest on the energy efficiency front, and we've been able to continue to expand there. So, all consistent with what I indicated on the triennial and the support we get from the BPU.
Travis Miller: Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. And then a high-level question on offshore wind, I know you're not involved in that anymore, but obviously, a lot of stuff coming out in New York. Any thing you're hearing in regulatory discussions, political halls, anything you're hearing in terms of New Jersey's offshore...
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, look, we're just -- we're reading what you're all reading. And again, just happy with the decision that we made at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Just apologies a housekeeping on cadence rate filing in December, then we get 2024 guidance, earnings guidance in December, a little CapEx update. And then on the 4Q call, we get an update on rate base CAGR, earnings growth CAGR. Is that -- did I hear that correctly?
Ralph LaRossa: That's about the rhythm we expect. I don't want to be tied into an hour or a day, but yes, that's the rhythm we expect.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just an easy question. You talked about the financing, maybe interest rate hedges earlier in the call. There's a bond that's due, I guess, you guys have taken care of that. There's also one due, I guess, in June of next year, it was an attractive rate at 2.9%. Has that been included like in your interest rate hedges or -- what are the plans for that maturity?
Dan Cregg: Yes. So, we'll take that out and step forward. And Anthony, I think the important element is that last November, as we gave that update, we presume rates including spreads that were pretty comparable to where we are. We didn't capture every single dollar of it. But I think the delta between what we thought it was going to be and where we are currently from a market perspective is within the range. So, I think we've done a nice job of getting ahead of it, and we will take that out. And like a lot of our refinancing, we will see some higher rates as we flip them, but they're a caution our forecast.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then last, if I could jump in up to Mike's question earlier about the PEG Power outlook change, I guess, at Moody's. I mean, any thoughts to maybe potential changes at the parent company? I believe Baa2 PEG Power, stronger balance sheet there, the utility strong balance sheet, any read-through on or your interest in moving PEG Power -- I'm sorry, the parent up to Baa1.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I mean if you take a look at it, they didn't move the rating on power. It's just a positive outlook there. And so I think that ripple effect would be would be lesser as you look at the parent. But I think on balance, just if you think about the overall business mix reflective of PTCs and what we've done from an overall strategic set of decisions I think we're in a better position going forward.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No. Thank you very much, and try -- sorry, we had so much interest, but sorry, we had to move on. Listen, I just want to thank you all for your continued interest. The work that our team continues to produce amazes me. I'm really happy with the stability that we've created here and the certainty. We put out some internal information earlier today, and it's just amazing the amount of things that we continue to execute on. And I'll just highlight a few of them here. One was this gas system monetization plan and the work that we completed. We've continued to be recognized in awards different things that have come out of best employers and best companies to work for. We lowered our gas bills again for customers effective October 1, and we refreshed our Board of Directors. So, things that a lot of people sometimes struggle with, we just seem to be executing time and time again. So a big thanks to our team. Hopefully, you hear that not only in our voices, but from others that we're a company you can count on, and we're executing on the work that we said we would. And I'll just leave with this. Anthony said it, but happy Halloween to everyone. I hope you all have a safe and healthy Halloween, and that's not just for yourselves but also for your families. Enjoy the day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, August 1, 2023, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning, and welcome to PSEG's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Presentation. On today's call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair President and CEO; as well as Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release, attachments and slides for today's discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. PSEG's earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income or net loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's materials. Following Ralph and Dan's prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us to review PSEG's second quarter results. This morning, PSEG reported second quarter 2023 net income of $1.18 per share compared to net income of $0.26 per share for the second quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter were $0.70 per share compared to $0.64 per share for the second quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP results for the second quarter of 2023 and 2022 exclude items shown in Attachments 8 and 9 provided with the earnings release. Results for the second quarter and year-to-date align with our full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share, which we reaffirmed along with our outlook for 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth through 2027 in this morning's earnings announcement. Dan will also discuss our financial results in greater detail, but this was a relatively straightforward quarter for both PSE&G and PSEG Power & Other results fully meeting our planning expectations and supporting full year segment guidance. We are focused on proving out the execution of our plans and grow PSEG while also increasing the predictability of our business. During the quarter, we completed PSEG's exit from offshore wind generation through the sale of our 25% equity stake in Ocean Wind 1 back to Ørsted, recovering our investment in the project. We also continue to implement the solutions we outlined to address pension variability. PSEG recently executed an agreement for a pension lift-out to further reduce prospective earnings variability. This transaction covers approximately 2,000 retirees and will transfer approximately $1 billion of related obligations and associated plan assets to the insurer. The transaction expected to be completed this month will result in no changes to the amount of benefits payable for the retirees and have no material impact on PSEG's non-GAAP operating earnings in 2023. Turning now to PSEG's capital spending plans. The utility portion of $15.5 billion to $18 billion remains focused on system modernization of our aging distribution infrastructure, Last Mile support in preparation for EV and building electrification, climate mitigation aligned with New Jersey's energy policies and our clean energy investments. PSE&G's investment program drives our expected compound annual growth rate and rate base of 6% to 7.5% from year-end 2022 to year-end 2027. The low end of this rate base CAGR assumes an extension of our gas system modernization program and our clean energy investments at their current average annual levels. While the upper end includes an extension of our Energy Strong II program, which is scheduled to conclude in 2024 as well as the remaining portion of our proposal for medium- and heavy-duty EVs and energy storage programs as well as a potentially higher amount of investment for GSMP and energy efficiency above current levels. With this robust capital program, we are ever mindful of customers' affordability. And on this front, PSE&G continues to compare well to peers on a share of wallet basis, both in the region as well as nationally. I mentioned in the last quarter that our 2023 utility capital spending budget of $3.5 billion was the largest single year plan in our history. During the second quarter, we invested approximately $900 million, bringing us to $1.7 billion year-to-date and midyear. We are on schedule and on budget. In fact, PSE&G just installed its 1 million smart meters out of 2.3 million that we have planned, and we continue to notice higher spend on electric -- new business related to electric vehicles and strong demand for our energy efficiency solutions. Speaking of energy efficiency, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities recently approved its second energy efficiency framework for the next 3-year cycle that will begin in July of 2024 and run through June of 2027. This past May, the BPU approved a $280 million 9-month extension of PSEG's first energy efficiency program to sync us up with the completion of the state's first cycle in June of 2024. You may recall that PSE&G started its energy efficiency programs earlier than the other New Jersey utilities bid. The BPU's new framework sets up guidelines for the next round of energy efficiency plans, which are now due this October for implementation in July of 2024. The energy efficiency annual reduction goals of 0.75% for gas and 2% for electric for program years '26 and '27 remain unchanged. The BPU also approved the performance incentive mechanism to drive energy efficiency above the preset goals. On the gas side of the utility, PSE&G filed the third phase of its gas system modernization program during the first quarter of 2023, which remains pending with the BPU. Through our gas system monetization program, we reduced methane release by approximately 22% system-wide. And assuming the extension at similar to current levels, we expect to achieve an overall reduction in methane emissions of at least 60% over the 2011 to 2030 period. There is also good news for customer bills for this coming winter. Following 2 basic gas supply service commodity charge reductions this past heating season, our recently filed BGSS rate proposes a reduction from $0.47 to $0.40 per therm. If approved by the BPU, the new rate will keep PSE&G's monthly bill for typical residential gas customers among the lowest in the region for the upcoming 2024 heating season. The BPU's future of natural gas stakeholder proceeding will also start this month, and we expect to participate in the upcoming technical conference and on follow-up meetings as New Jersey achieves its emission reduction targets, which will also will be considering the impact on costs and jobs. Kim Hanemann, President of PSE&G is already actively involved in the state's clean buildings working group that is considering various approaches to building electrification, including the development of Clean Heat Standard. Our overall approach to energy transition is to continue advocating for practical expansion of electrification in a manner which protects customer affordability, safety and reliability. We are having impactful conversations with PJM, our regional grid operator and our New Jersey stakeholders to increase the coordination and understanding of our relative perspectives on future load growth and the investment needed in existing T&D infrastructure to meet even a diluted version of New Jersey energy transition. Now turning to nuclear operations. The PSEG nuclear fleet continues to safely generate the majority of New Jersey's carbon-free baseload electricity. During the first half of 2023, our nuclear units generated over 16 terawatt hours of electricity and operated at capacity factor of 95.8%. Charles McFeaters, who many of you met at our March investor conference, was promoted to Chief Nuclear Officer during the quarter in a seamless and well-planned transition that included the Salem 2 refueling outage completed on schedule and on budget. The Power & other portion of PSEG's 5-year capital program is a significantly smaller amount of PSEG's total, mainly reflecting basic nuclear capital spending, but does include several low-cost, high-impact projects like the Hope Creek transition from 18 months to 24-month refueling cycles. So just to wrap up what I believe is a quarter that delivers on what we have committed to you, we are reiterating our full year non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share. Second, we continue to make progress on building our earnings growth platform by keeping our largest-ever capital program on track, financed with a strong balance sheet without the need for new equity or asset sales through 2027. And this financial strength gives us confidence in our long-term 5% to 7% growth rate in non-GAAP operating earnings through 2027 and supports our ability to pay a competitive and growing dividend, as we have for 116 years. Third, we increased the predictability of our financial results by streamlining the business with the completed offshore wind sale and delivering progress on reducing pension variability with the lift-out. Finally, we are working to keep our customer bills affordable during the energy transition with help from stringent cost controls and a culture of continuous improvement. Moving out the execution of our strategy and maintaining a safe and reliable network operations, that is what you can expect from this team. I'll now turn the call over to Dan for more details on the operating results, and I will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Daniel Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. Earlier, Ralph mentioned that PSEG reported net income of $591 million or $1.18 per share for the second quarter of 2023 compared to net income of $131 million or $0.26 per share for the second quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2023 were $351 million or $0.70 per share compared to $320 million or $0.64 per share for the second quarter of 2022. We've provided you with information on Slides 9 and 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business for the second quarter and year-to-date periods and Slides 10 and 12 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes for the quarter-over-quarter and year-to-date periods in non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSE&G, which reported second quarter 2023 net income of $336 million or $0.67 per share. This compares to $305 million or $0.61 per share in the second quarter of 2022. The second quarter 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings were $341 million or $0.68 per share compared to $305 million or $0.61 per share in the second quarter of 2022. The main drivers for both GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were growth in rate base reflected in higher transmission formula rate, recovery of infrastructure investments with roll-in mechanisms and a benefit from the reversal and timing of taxes, which we mentioned on the first quarter call, nets to 0 over the course of the year. These favorable items were partly offset by our anticipated lower pension income and OPEB credits, along with higher depreciation and interest expense from increased investment versus the year earlier quarter. Compared to the second quarter of 2022, transmission was $0.02 per share higher, gas margin was $0.01 per share higher driven by the clause recovery of GSMP investment. Electric margin was $0.01 per share higher, reflecting investment returns from Energy Strong and other electric and gas margin added $0.02 per share based on a benefit from the tax adjustment credit and appliance service results. Lower distribution O&M expense added $0.02 per share compared to the second quarter of 2022, primarily reflecting reduced weather-related corrective maintenance. Depreciation and interest expense increased by $0.01 and $0.02 per share, respectively, compared to the second quarter of 2022, reflecting continued growth in investment. Lower pension income resulting from 2022's investment returns, combined with lower OPEB credits scheduled to end in 2023, resulted in a $0.04 per share unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. Lastly, the timing of taxes recorded through an effective tax rate, which nets to 0 over a full year and other flow-through taxes had a net favorable impact of $0.06 per share in the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2022. Second quarter weather typically contains both heating and cooling sales. For 2023, winter weather during the second quarter was 23% warmer in terms of heating degree days than the second quarter of 2022, and summer weather was 34% cooler than second quarter 2022 as measured by the temperature humidity index. As we've mentioned, the SIP mechanism in effect since 2021, limits the impact of weather and other sales variances, positive or negative on electric and gas margins while importantly, enabling PSE&G to promote the widespread adoption of its energy efficiency programs. Growth in the number of electric and gas customers, the driver of margin under the SIP mechanism continues to be positive and were each up 1% during the trailing 12-month period. On capital spending, PSE&G invested $900 million during the second quarter and is on plan to deliver its largest annual capital investment program at $3.5 billion. The program includes upgrades to our T&D facilities, Energy Strong II investments, last mile spend in the infrastructure advancement program and the continued rollout of the clean energy investments in energy efficiency and the Energy Cloud, including smart meters. Related to our pension, in February 2023, the BPU approved an accounting order authorizing PSE&G to modify its method for calculating the amortization of the net actuarial gain or loss component for ratemaking purposes. This change is effective for the calendar year ending December 31, 2023 and forward. For the full year 2023, PSE&G's forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings is unchanged at $1.500 billion to $1.525 billion. Moving on to Power & Other. Just as a reminder, Power & Other includes our nuclear fleet, gas operations, Long Island and parent activities, including interest expense. For the second quarter of 2023, PSEG Power & Other reported net income of $255 million or $0.51 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $10 million or $0.02 per share. This compares to second quarter 2022 net loss of $174 million or $0.35 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $15 million or $0.03 per share. We previously mentioned that during the first quarter of 2023, PSEG Power realized the majority of the approximate $4 per megawatt hour increase in the average price of our 2023 hedged output, which rose to approximately $31 per megawatt hour with higher winter pricing driving most of the increase. For the second quarter of 2023, gross margin rose by a total of $0.05 per share reflecting the absence of certain full requirement BGS load contracts that remain following the sale of the fossil business in 2022 and resulted in a lower cost to serve compared to the prior year. The increase in gross margin includes higher generation of $0.01 per share from fewer refueling outage days in the second quarter of 2023, offset by lower capacity revenues of $0.01 per share compared to the year ago quarter. O&M cost comparisons in the second quarter improved by $0.01 per share in 2023. Higher interest expense covering PSEG Power and parent financings were $0.02 per share unfavorable compared to the year ago quarter from higher variable rates on term loans and refinancing maturing debt at higher rates. Lower pension income from 2022 investment returns and OPEB credits from the lower amortization benefit mentioned earlier were $0.03 per share unfavorable versus the second quarter of 2022. And taxes and other were $0.02 per share unfavorable compared to the second quarter of 2022, reflecting a partial reversal of the effective tax rate benefit from the first quarter and lower investment income. On the operating side, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 7.7 terawatt hours during the second quarter and 16 terawatt hours for the year-to-date period in 2023, running at a capacity factor of 91.2% for the quarter and 95.8% for the year-to-date period. For the full year 2023, PSEG is forecasting generation output of 30 to 32 terawatt hours and has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of this production at an average price of $31 per megawatt hour. For 2024, the nuclear fleet is forecasted to produce 30 to 32 terawatt hours of baseload output and has hedged 75% to 80% of this generation at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. The forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings for PSEG Power and other is unchanged at $200 million to $225 million for the full year. This forecast reflects the realization of a majority of the expected increase in the average 2023 annual hedge price in the first quarter of '23, as we previously discussed. Touching on some recent financing activity. As of June 30, 2023, PSEG had total available liquidity of $4 billion, including $500 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. PSEG Power had net cash collateral postings of approximately $400 million at June 30, which is well below the levels experienced during 2022. Through the second quarter, we've repaid $2 billion of term loans, which were entered into during 2022 to support our collateral needs. In April, we entered into a $750 million 364-day variable rate term loan to support our liquidity needs. As of June 30, 2023, PSEG had $750 million outstanding of a 364-day variable rate term loan and PSEG Power had $1.25 billion outstanding of a variable rate term loan maturing March of 2025. As of the end of the quarter, PSEG had swapped $900 million of the power term loan from a variable rate to a fixed rate. And in May, PSE&G paid at maturity $500 million of secured medium-term notes. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG recently executed an agreement for a pension lift-out that will further increase the predictability of our financial results. This transaction covers approximately 2,000 retirees from PSEG Power & Other, and will transfer approximately $1 billion of related obligations and associated plan assets. This transaction will have no material impact on PSEG's non-GAAP operating earnings in 2023. Upon completion of the pension lift-out, we anticipate taking a onetime noncash settlement charge in the third quarter of 2023 related to the immediate recognition of unamortized net actuarial loss associated with a portion of the pension involved in the transaction. After providing for the effect of this transaction, our pension plans remain well funded. As Ralph mentioned, we are reaffirming PSEG's full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share, with PSE&G forecasted to contribute between $1.500 billion to $1.525 billion and PSEG Power & Other forecasted at $200 million to $225 million. The settlement charge related to the lift-out is not included in the full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for PSEG, PSE&G or PSEG Power & Other. That concludes our formal remarks. And operator, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Dan, you talked about some uncertainties remaining with power and energy prices until we get that PTC guidance. Any update on conversations with treasury? There seems to be some delays, obviously, in other tax credit issues. So does that potentially push out like the PTC implementation. And does that change the calculus for power as you think about earnings hedging in any of the efficiency projects like refueling gas, et cetera.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Thanks, Shahriar. I don't think it changes much for us. I think maybe an analogy, 2023, the corporate minimum tax kicks in, and there's still guidance that we're looking for that as well. So I think from a PTC perspective, it's a tax credit -- it applies under the existing law. It states it begins 1/1/2024. So I've heard nothing from the standpoint of any delay in implementation. I think what we may have the potential for is, we may not know on the 1st of January exactly how they will define gross receipts. If I think about it, technically that tax return will get filed until into '25. I still would love to have the information now to best plan what we do. But I don't think there's any question, nothing that I've heard of anyway that would tell you that the start date would be anything other than 1/1/2024, but I have also not heard anything with respect to the date with which we will get further guidance on [indiscernible].
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just on the '24 case expectations, I mean, you guys have highlighted the need to recover base spending that's not in much mechanisms to the tune of $0.30 earnings in '25. As we're getting closer to a filing, can you maybe just talk a little bit about how we should think about the revenue deficiency and the overall rate impact as we are seeing higher cost of capital? It's certainly a different inflationary environment in the last [indiscernible].
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I don't think I would think about it any differently than we talked about it before, right? The filing date for the rate case remains fourth quarter. I think the nature of the capital that we still have in front of us to roll in all remains the same as what we've talked about before. And so it will be a part of the filing that we'll make. And again, most of that are items that we've been through proceedings with the BPU, whether it's stipulated base or whether it's some of the clauses that we've actually set up a deferral mechanism for those roll-ins. So I don't think that we're in a different place from that approach and where we'll go. I think we're just kind of moving forward in getting that filing ready to be submitted in the fourth quarter.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect, very clear-cut quarter. So that's all I had.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to get into the pension lift a little bit more. Just wondering if you could provide some more details such as is there any cash changing hands here? And how does the equity fixed income mix and the lifted out portion compare to the rest? And any thoughts on the equity fixed income mix going forward with the strength in equity markets?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Jeremy, I'm going to have Dan give you some details and I will discuss much on the PIC or pension investment committee plans. But I just wanted to kind of preface it by saying a couple of things. One, really proud of the work that the entire team here did at PSEG. I mean there's a lot of hard work and we talked about this pension lift-out not too long ago and got to the point where we executed on it in a very timely manner. So just really happy with the work that they did. Really happy about the way that we were able to protect our retirees and the folks that have done so much for us over the years in the way that we transacted here and fill a lot of details, and we'll get out to those folks. But -- very happy about that part of this process as well and certainly happy about the results that we were able to achieve, which Dan will go into a little more detail here, but it's more and more of the execution that we've talked about and trying to build that confidence for you all that you expected from us.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So Jeremy, to your more particular questions. So your first question about cash transacted. By its very nature of what the transaction is, is a liability for future pension payments that will move out of the company and that liability will be matched basically with cash that's going to go out with it. And so yes, there is a cash element to the transaction. However, you should think about that cash as coming out of the pension trust where those liabilities will be paid from. And so from more general corporate cash, don't think about any cash from that perspective solely from the trust. That said, and I think that is very a logical way to think about it, given your second question, which is where does that cash come from? And so we have investments across a bunch of different elements of spectrums of investments that we have made through different managers in the pension trust. And I think just the most natural way to think about it without putting too fine a point on it is, it's roughly 20% of the pension, and you could think of us as essentially taking about 20% of our investments across the board and moving them over. There's -- that won't be a perfect interpretation but pretty close to how to think about what it would look like on a go-forward basis from the remaining mix within the funds. So I think that's a simple way to think about it, but an appropriate way to think about it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And then thinking about the pension lift-out here and thinking about kind of 5% to 7% growth CAGR. As previously communicated, is there any impact that we should think about here from this transaction?
Daniel Cregg: No, you should not -- I think the 5% to 7% you should think about as being intact. Really, Jeremy, this was all about looking to the potential variability and results that we could see corporately because of the size of the pension. And that was the driver behind the transaction. Ralph made a hugely important point. We've said all along, the first thing that we needed to do with our diligence wasn't sure that this was going to be a move that would protect the benefit to our retirees. We did significant diligence there, I felt very comfortable there. And then secondarily, it needed to ultimately come through in a way that made sense for the company as well. And so that's exactly what we did. I think that managing that variability going forward is what we have talked about for a while and what we wanted to deliver on. And you could see some very, very de minimis effects as we step forward within the plan, but nothing that's going to move us out of that range at all.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Quick follow-up on the lift-out. What does that leave you in terms of a funding ratio post the transfer there?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So we finished the year at 87% and the year has been pretty good as we work through. So you can kind of think about that as increasing into the low 90s. And so we're in a good position from a funding perspective with what remains still within that kind of a range as we go forward from here.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Perfect. And then on the Hope Creek fuel cycle extension, is that kicking off earlier here than you had anticipated previously? Or is that still on track toward the potential fall 2025 outage that you had mentioned previously in the Investor Day?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, 2 separate -- so good pickup, David, definitely on track for that date that we talked about in the Investment Day. But the work starts earlier, right, because it's just a lot of engineering work that needs to be done because some of those -- some of that fabrication starts years in advance. So the engineering is taking place and kicked off. We have a good idea, the costs are minimal as we had explained, and it's on target for that date that we had said. So again, more execution from the team down there.
David Arcaro: Yes. Great. And then just one other minor question related to that, just as a follow-on. Are you -- how are you thinking about hydrogen and the prospects of potentially producing hydrogen at your nuclear facilities. Do you have involvement or any perspective on the discussions going on now in terms of framing up that policy structure and how additionality might be considered. Just wondering if that's front of mind for you.
Ralph LaRossa: No, it's not top of mind because it's not a big driver for us one way or the other, but it's something we certainly want to do for a couple of reasons. I mean one, it's the right thing to do from an environmental standpoint, if we can help on the hydrogen development front. So that's one piece of it. Two, it's good for the region economically for New Jersey in the southern part of the state down there. If we could get some activities, additional construction activity, more jobs that southern area around our Salem plant has been challenged economically over the years. So another positive from that aspect. And then from the third, look, it is going to have some incremental financial impacts for us. I think additionality might make a lot of sense. But again, I think we're a small player in that, and we'll see where policymakers go with it.
Operator: Next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just I want to go back to the pension lift-out real quick, Dan, congrats for getting it done in short order here. Just if memory serves me right, the portion of the pension, which is not covered by rates, or on the regulatory side was around 30%, and this lift-out is for 20%. So I'm just wondering if -- what are you doing with the 10% that is not covered by rates? Just any thoughts there.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, your order magnitude is right there, Durgesh. And essentially, the transaction and the go-forward pension plans would have been more complicated to do this kind of a transaction with active employees because you kind of got a moving target, right? Your service cost continues to go forward. And those kind of elements come into play. And so right now, just think about what sits outside of this lift-out in Power & other as just being status quo.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just any thoughts on potential for a settlement in the GSMP filing. You've had a nice track record here. Energy efficiency was a very constructive outcome. So any color you can share there?
Ralph LaRossa: Durgesh, I'll give you a couple of pieces. Yes, last night was the first public hearing that we had on the GSMP filing. 17 individuals spoke in favor of the filing, 1 against. So just in sheer numbers and conversation, it was a very positive outcome. 4 public officials spoke in favor of the project and the work that's been done so far by our folks out in the field. So really, really positive there. So I'm very optimistic that public sentiment is in the right direction. That should all lead to a continuation of our opportunity to settle. I would be surprised if we were in a situation that was anything about a settlement when we get to the end of this.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Maybe just to start, as you think about the regulatory environment in New Jersey, a couple of new commissioners have joined the commission there. Anything that you would highlight in terms of changes or expectations around the regulatory landscape there following the personnel additions?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, nothing that I would expect to change dramatically. Look, we've got some real good conversations that are going on. From what I can tell and what folks have had going from conversations would be aligned with the things that new commissioners are talking about, focus on environmental issues, focus on affordability. I think what we're doing on the GSMP program is completely aligned from that standpoint, especially with our -- with the methane reductions that are involved there and the work that we're doing, getting those pipes ready for whatever they may carry down the road. The electrification work is certainly aligned with comments that those new commissioners have made in other settings before they were in the commission. So I think that's a real good sign. And from an affordability standpoint, boy, I got to tell you, the more we dig into this in preparation for our upcoming rate case, the prouder I am of what New Jersey has done over the years. I mean we -- no matter which way you look at it, the rate increases for the entire state -- I'm not just talking about us, but for the entire state have really stayed below inflation rates. And with all the work that we're doing to electrify homes, electrify transportation and clean up the grid, it has really proved out in New Jersey that we can -- if you do it right, you can do it in an affordable way, and the numbers are proving that out. So I think everything we're doing is aligned with what those 2 new commissioners would expect and things that they have said in prior positions that they've held.
Carly Davenport: Great. That's helpful. And then just on collateral postings, it looks like that was down to about $400 million at quarter end. Any thoughts on how we should think about the cadence of incremental hedges rolling off from here?
Daniel Cregg: Yes, Carly, I think if you think about us continuing to do what we've historically done it's probably the right answer. And maybe just for a little bit of a different reason, I answered the question earlier on the PTC timing and -- that Shahriar had asked. And we are still waiting, but we've also thought through what some of those potential outcomes could be from the treasury regs and we're taking into account, admittedly a little bit in the dark what they could look like as we're continuing to move forward. So I think until we know something different, I'd say it's an educated thought process, but maybe not as educated as we like with the guidance that we have and thinking about what to do. But we are layering on some incremental hedges as we go through time. I think you've seen within the material today over the last quarter, you've seen a little bit more and a little bit of a higher price. So we're just trying to be smart about it in a situation where we don't know everything we'd like to know. But hopefully, we'll get some information soon from treasury.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I just wanted to follow up on a few things that have been said here. First off, coming back to that pension lift-out, I just wanted to run this by you guys. Just with the $1 billion implying return on asset flipping the liability around conversely. I mean it sounds like that might be like maybe upwards of a nickel drag here. Again, it's difficult from the outside to run the math. But does that sound like ballpark? Is it a drag? Is there sort of a net drag on a run rate '24 basis, if you will? Or are there other offsets here to think about? Just to close out on that one.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, Julien, listen, I don't think those numbers you just quoted would be aligned with the words de minimis. So I think that would be a little bit more than what we would certainly expect and not aligned with what our expectations are.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. I appreciate it. And then separately, look, did I just hear you say additionality might make sense on the nuclear side? I just wanted you to -- if you might clarify your thoughts around that.
Ralph LaRossa: No, I could understand why people would make that argument. So it might make sense in some circles to do that, right? It certainly would make the most sense from a -- if you just want to generate hydrogen and create hydrogen from the nuclear plants, but I could understand why people make that argument from a tax credit standpoint, right? Because if you're getting tax credits for providing clean energy into the grid and then you convert that to hydrogen, then you get both tax credits. And I could understand that, right? Just the legitimate argument to make. So is that something we're taking a position on one way or the other, but I could certainly understand why some people would approach it that way. And I could understand why other people would approach it, "Hey, listen, we really have to kick start the hydrogen generation. And so therefore, we want to see that -- we want to see all those tax credits go to that angle. I think that's a -- it's a real policy call. It's -- some folks are going to need to make within Washington. So we'll see where it goes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then just meanwhile, I mean, if not going down the hydrogen route, I mean, how do you think about parallel avenues of data centers or what have you, just to maximize your opportunity set around these nuclear plants. Obviously, we've seen some of your peers out there maximizing around some of these low carbon transactions, if you will.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So again, I think what Dan has been saying from the beginning, and I'm just going to reinforce here is, we really need to understand what treasury is going to seem to be the revenues. And once we understand that, then we can optimize that for our shareholders. Everything that I've been saying up to this point is just respectful of the conversation that's been taking place. It's not meant to take sides on anything. So even whether it's data centers and I -- we try to do what's right for New Jersey and New Jersey customers. And so, hey, does that make sense? Is it a data center here? Where is that data center? Are we wheel in power. There's all sorts of things that are going to go into our thought process as we go forward. And the number one is what Dan has been saying, let's see what rule of treasury say as to how revenue is going to be calculated.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Got it. But the point is you'll come up with a -- or you could come up with a new strategy pro forma for wherever the IRS lands on some of these regs. Can we get an update from you.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, 100%. And -- but again, give us a week to digest the rules when they come out, and then we'll have a plan ready. We're -- those conversations are not -- they're already -- we're already looking at things inside. We'll figure it out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. You're already working on things pro forma here with folks?
Ralph LaRossa: Always. That's why we're able to move as fast than we did on pension. Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So just -- almost all my questions have been answered. But just on -- I apologize for missing this. What is the expected GAAP impact of the lift-out?
Carlotta Chan: GAAP. GAAP.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So Paul, what we said is both -- as we look at 2023, de minimis impact, not even worth kind of including within any models, very, very small impact anticipated. And then going forward, I'd say the same, right? There's a very modest positive arbitrage. But by the same token, what we're -- what we've also talked about here is we will see a onetime charge come through from the standpoint of the unrecognized element. And so the absence of that going forward does provide somewhat of an offset. So I would not think about it as having much of an impact, '23 or going forward. So the main tracker that we talk about is mitigating the volatility.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But the charge itself is not going to be big either, is what you're saying?
Daniel Cregg: No, that 1 charge -- so if you take a look at our year-end 2022, that unamortized amount was about $2 billion. So we've disclosed that we would see something in the low 200s after tax from the standpoint that was in the release of the amortization of that charge. So think about the pension as a whole, having that unamortized balance. And if this is about a 20% impact you're seeing about that coming through on the onetime charge.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho Securities.
Anthony Crowdell: You may have addressed this in Durgesh's question, so I apologize. But if we think about from year-end to now, you had the approval from the BPU on the pension smoothing and now the lift-out. How much of your pension volatility have you reduced or removed from the end of 2022?
Daniel Cregg: A little less than half, somewhere between 40% and 50%.
Anthony Crowdell: Okay. And then I appreciate you did go through that this is for the PEG Power employees unregulated. And in the fourth quarter, you're going to file the general rate case where I believe you're going to request a pension tracker. If the company is unsuccessful or the regulators do not approve the pension tracker, I mean, is this an option that you would look deeper into for the regulated employees? Or just structurally, it just makes -- it's very hard to do it for existing employees, this type of lift-out?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Anthony. So we will absolutely have a conversation with the BPU about a mechanism to address pensions and the volatility around that. So -- they worked with us on the last mechanism. They worked with other companies. So we'll be in there having a conversation about it. It's good for ratepayers as well as also it create -- it reduces their volatility as well over a longer period of time as you are going from rate. So it makes sense for everyone. That said, we always will continue to take a look at things like we just executed on. But I would tell you that it's really tough to figure out for active employees what the right formula is for all the reasons that Dan mentioned, I think it was to Durgesh earlier, how long is somebody going to work? What's going to be their earnings trajectory and so on and so forth. So I think those pieces of the puzzle make it tougher when you have a group of employees like we just went through, it was a lot easier to have that conversation. And again, got us in a really good place.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Given the range of gross receipt treatment outcomes from treasury, what's the range of '24 hedges that you'd be considering adding on to your nuclear plate?
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I think, Ryan, it's a tough question to answer, given that we don't have what we need to have from treasury. We have been stepping into hedges as we've approached the year fairly similar to what we've done in the past to be as prepared to mitigate the market volatility as we can. And so I think the question is going to be best answered when we do have that guidance and as we continue to go through the rest of the year.
Ryan Levine: Just a follow-up on that. I mean when I look back on where you were last year at this time from a hedge standpoint and you were meaningfully more hedged on a 1-year forward basis than you are today. Given that comment, what's driving the lower hedge profile?
Daniel Cregg: Well -- and Ryan, the other thing I would add to that is we've said in the past that we've tended to work our way through a 3-year period within a range kind of a band of hedges across those 3 years. And so there are periods of time where we will try to take a look at what the market looks like within that range to take advantage of market opportunities. And so if you just think about where we've been historically from a price point perspective and where we are now, I think the opportunities led us to be a little bit higher within that band before and a little bit lower within that band compared to last year right now.
Ralph LaRossa: Which at the end of the day is exactly the way Dan has managed this for years, and the team has managed it for years and they've looked for those opportunities. So absent really clear guidance from treasury, we're doing what we've done in the past.
Ryan Levine: Interesting topics. How does the recently approved second energy efficiency framework impact the company's approach to energy efficiency into the next filing later this year?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. I don't think it impacted what's going to happen in the next filing. What really impact -- will impact what's going to happen in the next filing is what was just released by the Board of Public Utilities, which is their triennial report or direction that was an order that came out on energy efficiency. And we're still studying that, but that has a lot of upside for us there that we think will really encourage additional energy efficiency investments from companies like ours. So more to come on that, but that I would encourage you to take a hard look at that order because I think it really did provide a good road map for all the utilities in New Jersey to follow and provide some opportunity for us.
Carlotta Chan: Rob, we'll take 1 last call and then we'll turn it back to Ralph for closing comments.
Operator: Thank you. That last call will come from Paul Freeman with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Unidentified Analyst: Quick question on generation gross margin year-to-date and how we should think about generation gross margin for your following your hedges?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I think as you take a look year-to-date, one of the things we talked about upfront was the hedge price we saw most of that uplift within the first quarter. So we got more of the benefit from the timing of the hedges that were put on during the winter period. I think what you're more likely to see as you go through the balance of the year is a little bit of a change from the standpoint of looking back at '22 when we kind of rolled off our final load-serving contracts compared to where we are now without them is that we have a little bit higher cost to serve last year compared to what we're seeing this year because of those contracts. And so most of the top-line benefit has been recognized year-over-year if you take a look at where the hedge prices are, but the cost to serve will benefit as we go through the balance of the year, Paul.
Unidentified Analyst: So if I look at next year, you would expect the gross margin to be roughly comparable in terms of how it's calculated or the differential to the hedge price as it is this year?
Daniel Cregg: No, we'll give you guidance next year for next year's results as we head in there. But I think next year, you're also going to have a situation where you'll have PTCs in place that will change things. So it's a more complicated structure that we can talk through as we go forward and to give next year's guidance.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you. So I would just leave everyone with this. For the -- as we kind of put this new management team in place and talked about things, we said we weren't going to change much. We were going to continue our strategy. But I think this quarter kind of reinforced a lot of things that we've been telling you over the first 6 months here. Alignment with public policy, especially in the state of New Jersey is really important and the great work from the workforce that we have and our alignment with them on a regular basis. And the reason for that is that we were able to execute the way we did. 3 big wins, I'd say this quarter, our exit from offshore wind done in a way that really, I would say, we're very, very proud of. We entered. We took a hard look at that opportunity, and we exited in a way that both -- we were able to keep our heads up financially, policy-wise and with our -- with the labor workforce in the state of New Jersey as we did that. Second, we stayed aligned with public policy on our energy efficiency filing and took a good step forward. But as a result of that, we'll really be able to take some advantage of some new orders that came out from the Board that we just talked about. So again, really aligned with policy and a workforce that can deliver on that. Third piece was what we just talked about on the pension execution and the work that was done there. And again, I just want to reinforce how happy we are that we were able to accomplish all the things that we set out to accomplish through some great, great teamwork from a number of folks here on our team. And then I don't want to lose sight of the heat storm that we just had here in New Jersey. And the work that was done, again, by -- if I had a number of folks that have stepped up time and time again, whether it's our appliance service technicians out fixing air conditioners that have gone bad to our overhead line workers, making sure that the pole-top transformers are back in service and the underground folks making sure the networks here in Newark and other cities are up and running and the call takers answering any questions customers might have as far as timing of restoration for the few that did go out of power. It was just great work and really was seamless. And I -- it did identify some additional opportunities for us in that last mile, which we're going to learn from and continue to put into our plans, but I can't say enough about execution on that -- on the heat storm, but execution across the board on all the things that we've accomplished in the last quarter. So I appreciate you all calling in, listening and we'll continue to build your confidence as we move forward through the remainder of '23. Thanks, and talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob, and will be your event operator [ph] today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded today, May 2, 2023, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning. And welcome to PSEG's first quarter 2023 earnings presentation.  On today’s call are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO; as well as Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release attachments and slides for today's discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. PSEG's earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings which differ from net income or loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings materials. Following Ralph’s and Dan's prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph LaRossa.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us to review PSEG’s first quarter results. As indicated in our release, PSEG reported first quarter 2023 net income of $1,287 billion or $2.58 a share compared to a net loss of $2 million or less than $0.01 a share for the first quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter were $695 million or a $1.39 per share compared to $672 million or a $1.33 per share for the first quarter of 2022. The non-GAAP results for first quarter 2023 and 2022 exclude items shown in Attachment 7 and 8 provided in the release. PSEG delivered solid operating and financial performance to begin the year and we are on track to achieve our full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share. We are executing our plan to grow PSEG, while also increasing its predictability, which we outlined in our March 10 Investor Conference. In addition to introducing PSEG'S ten-year capital spending forecast during the conference, we announced the decision to retain our five-unit nuclear generating fleet and exit offshore wind generation. The utility invested approximately $800 million during the first quarter of 2023, consistent with its full year capital plan of $3.5 billion. These investments will be directed to modernizing T&D infrastructure, clean energy future programs, and the last mile projects in the Infrastructure Advancement Program that support New Jersey's policies for energy transition.  The 2023 capital spending program also represents PSE&G’s largest investment plan to date and drives PSE&G’s long-term growth outlook for non-GAAP operating earnings of 5% to 7% over the five-year period through 2027. PSE&G completed the second phase of its Gas System Modernization Program in February. And in order to continue these critical infrastructure investments proposed a third phase with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities or the BPU to invest $2.5 billion over a three-year period. This effort will reduce methane leaks and carbon emissions as we work to expand clean energy options for our customers. Also, in February, the BPU approved an accounting order allowing PSE&G to modify its methodology for amortizing a component of pension expense for rate making purposes. This is consistent with our request to reduce the impact of pension accounting on our reported results. Additionally during the first quarter, PSEG achieved several milestone metrics in customer satisfaction and nuclear operations, ratifying new labor agreements with all of our New Jersey unions and implemented back to back gas supply cost reductions that helped on the customer affordability front. On the customer satisfaction measures, PSE&G achieved top quartile performance of overall among large utilities in the east in J.D. Power’s first quarter 2023 residential electric and gas studies. This follows our full year 2022 J.D. Power recognition of ranking number one in customer satisfaction with both residential electric and gas service among large utilities in the east. On the customer affordability front PSE&G implemented two basic gas supply service commodity charge reductions during the 2023 heating season, resulting in a total bill reduction of approximately 14% per month for a typical residential gas customer. Our nuclear fleet demonstrated its strong performance in the first quarter, operated at 100% capacity factor and maintained a strong ranking on the Institute for Nuclear Power Operations Performance Indicator Index. We have also authorized the funding required to transition our 100% owned Hope Creek unit from an 18-month to a 24-month fuel cycle starting in 2025 and are monitoring NRC approval of a fuel change that would enable the transition of our co-owned Salem units to a 24-month fuel cycle in the future. We also continued to evaluate power upgrade options for our Salem units to increase their generation capacity in the back half of this decade. Salem unit two has completed a scheduled fueling outage and was synchronized to the regional power grid last Friday.  Turning to our union contracts, following constructive discussions, PSEG recently reached new four-year labor agreements with all of our unions representing employees in New Jersey. This provides all parties with visibility and predictability on compensation and benefits into 2027. During 2022, PSEG also hired over 1,000 new employees and maintained and created thousands of essential good paying jobs for the New Jersey economy, like PSE&G’s award-winning Clean Energy Jobs Training Program, which was focused on employment opportunities for underserved communities. Turning to Governor Murphy's three executive orders issued in February to combat climate change and power the next New Jersey, we are developing proposals to help support and advance the state's updated and expanded energy policy goals, which we also believe can represent a $3 billion to $7 billion incremental investment opportunity for PSE&G through 2032. BPU is expected to be the primary implementation agency for all three executive orders over the next 12 to 18 months. We anticipate that the BPU will update their energy master plan with specific short- and long-term proposals to achieve the state's accelerated target of 100% of electricity sold in the state coming from carbon free resources by 2035. [Indiscernible] a strategic roadmap with strategies to achieve the goals of having 400,000 homes, 20,000 commercial properties, and an additional 10% of all low to moderate income properties electrification ready by 2030. And convene a stakeholder process for the future of natural gas utilities aimed at reducing emissions all consistent with the state goals, while also considering impacts on costs and jobs. On the ESG front, Forbes recently added PSEG to its 2023 list of America's Best Employers for Diversity. In addition, PSEG continues to work towards developing and submitting for validation our emissions targets for Scope 1, 2, and 3 to the UN-backed Science Based Target initiative this fall. We are off to a solid start in 2023. We are on track with PSEG’s full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share and with PSE&G's $3.5 billion plan capital spend for 2023. The five-year capital spending program over 2023 to 2027, of $15.05 billion to $18 billion, drives our 6% to 7.5% of compound annual growth rate in rate base over that same five-year period.  These utility investments and the cash generation from our nuclear fleet position us to continue supporting growth in our common dividend, which we recently raised by $0.12 to the indicative annual rate of $2.28 per share. It enables funding our capital investment program through 2027 without the need to issue new equity or sell parts of our company in order to grow. The month of May marked the 120th anniversary of public service. We thank our 12,000 dedicated employees and the ones before us for carrying forward the company's proud legacy of safe and reliable service. As we look to the next 120 years, I see a long runway of opportunity in the energy transition. We are seeing trends like the new business request trickle in for behind the charger infrastructure work. Policy makers pushing ahead on the next phase of offshore wind transmission and future investment opportunities in New Jersey's accelerated and expanded clean energy policy goals. In fact, just last week, the BPU, in keeping with their stated intentions, opened the next solicitation window for offshore wind transmission solutions in 2024. The board staff and PJM recommended the PSEG Deans 500kV substation as the preferred interconnection point to facilitate the additional injection of 3,500 megawatts of power, part of New Jersey's goal of adding 11,000 megawatts of offshore wind resources. We fully intend to continue pursuing regulated offshore wind transmission investment opportunities both at our utility and separately at PSEG Power and other. This ongoing investment in the New Jersey economy and its energy infrastructure improves the reliability of our networks, as well as the predictability of the business, which we hope our stakeholders find to be a compelling value proposition.  I'll now turn the call over to Dan for more details on the operating results, and we'll be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Good morning everybody and thank you, Ralph. As Ralph mentioned for the first quarter of 2023, PSEG reported net income of $1,287 million or $2.58 per share compared to a net loss of $2 million or less than a penny per share for the first quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2023 was $695 million or $1.39 per share compared to $672 million or $1.33 per share for the first quarter of 2022. We have provided you with information on Slide 9 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings per share by business for the first quarter of 2023, and Slide 10 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in the non-GAAP operating earnings per share by major business. Starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported first quarter 2023 net income of $487 million or $0.98 per share compared to $509 million or $1.02 per share in the first quarter of 2022. First quarter of 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings were $492 million or $0.99 per share compared with $509 million or $1 per share in the first quarter of 2022. The main drivers for the quarter were the rate base additions from transmission and our Gas System Modernization Investment Programs, which were offset by the lower pension credits and the timing of taxes. Compared to the first quarter of 2022 transmission was a penny per share higher. Gas margin was a penny per share higher driven by $0.03 per share, a favorable GSMP investment return that was partly offset by a penny per share of lower non-SIP demand due to the warm weather and other margin items. Electric margin was flat compared to the first quarter of 2022. Also reflecting the absence of favorable ship true-up in the year earlier quarter partly offset by growth in the number of customers. Other Electric and Gas margin added a penny per share reflecting both the earnings impact of the cap or the tax adjustment credit and appliance service results. Lower distribution O&M expense added $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter of 2022, primarily reflecting reduced weather related corrective maintenance and gas maintenance costs. Both depreciation and interest expense increased by one penny per share compared to the first quarter of 2022, reflecting continued growth in investment. Lower pension credits reflecting 2022s investment returns resulted in the 4 penny per share unfavorable comparison to the year earlier quarter. The impact of PSEGs $500 million share repurchase program completed in May 2022 had a penny per share benefit in the first quarter of 2023. Lastly, the timing of an effective tax rate adjustment, another flow through taxes had a net unfavorable impact of $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter of 2022. But will reverse over the remainder of the year driven by the use of an annual effective tax rate. The ship mechanism in effect since 2021, limits the impact of weather and other sales variances positive or negative on electric and gas margins, while enabling PSE&G to promote the widespread adoption of its energy efficiency programs. Winter weather in the first quarter of 2023 was the warmest first quarter in PSE&G's records, measured by heating degree days the first quarter of 2023 was 23% warmer than the first quarter of 2022 and 23% warmer than normal. The CIP mechanism allowed us to recover the impact of this extreme weather on sales. Growth in the number of electric and gas customers, the driver of margin under the CIP mechanism continues to be positive and we're each up 1% during the trailing 12-month period. PSE&G invested $800 million during the first quarter and is on track to execute its plan 2023 capital investment program of $3.5 billion; that includes infrastructure upgrades to its transmission and distribution facilities, Energy Strong two investments, Last Mile spend in the infrastructure advancement program and the continued rollout of the clean energy future investments in energy efficiency and the energy in cloud including smart meters. For the full year 2023 PSE&G's forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings is unchanged at $1,500 million to $1,525 million. Moving on to PSEG Power & Other, which includes our nuclear fleet, gas operations, Long Island and parent activities including interest expense. For the first quarter of 2023 Power & Other reported net income of $800 million or $1.60 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $203 million or $0.40 per share, this compares to first quarter 2022 net loss of $511 million or $1.02 per share, and non-GAAP operating earnings of $163 million or $0.32 per share. We previously mentioned that PSEG Power would benefit from an approximate $4 per megawatt-hour increase in the average price of a 2023 hedged output, which rose to approximately $31 per megawatt-hour. The majority of this annual price improvement was realized during the first three months of the year with higher winter pricing driving most of the increase, and as a result gross margin for the quarter rose by a total of $0.10 per share driven primarily by $0.17 per share increase from recontracting 8.4 terawatt-hours generation and market impacts from the step up in power prices. The gross margin increase also includes lower capacity revenues of $0.02 per share and lower gas operations of $0.05 per share reflecting lower capacity and natural gas prices during the first quarter of 2022. First quarter cost comparisons improved by a penny per share in 2023 reflecting lower nuclear costs and reduced spend on offshore wind activity versus 2022. Higher interest expense covering PSEG Power and parent financings were $0.04 per share unfavorable compared to the year ago quarter from refinancing, maturing debt and higher rates. Lower pension credits from 2022, investment returns were $0.03 per share unfavorable versus the first quarter of 2022. Taxes and other were $0.04 per share favorable compared to the first quarter of 2022, reflecting the use of a lower effective tax rate in the quarter that will reverse over the balance of 2023 partly offset by lower investment income. On the operating side, the nuclear fleet produced approximately 8.4 terawatt-hours during the first quarter of 2023 similar to the first quarter of 2022, and ran at capacity factor of 100%. For the full year of 2023 PSEGs forecasting generation output of 30 to 32 terawatt-hour and its hedge approximately 95% to 100% of this production at an average price of $31 per megawatt-hour. For 2024, PSEG is again forecasting nuclear baseload output 30 to 32 terawatt-hour and it said 75% to 80% of this output at an effective price of $37 per megawatt-hour. A forecast non-GAAP operating earnings for PSEG Power & Others unchanged at $200 million to $225 million for the full year. This forecast reflects the realization of a majority of the expected increase in the average 2023 annual hedged price in the first quarter of the year with minimal incremental pricing improvement compared to the prior year expected over the balance of 2023. Moving on to recent financing activity. As of March 31, 2023 PEEG had available credit capacity of $3.9 billion including $1 billion at PSE&G. In addition, PSEG had total cash and cash equivalents on hand of approximately $1.2 billion. PEEG Power had net cash collateral postings of $700 million at March 31st, primarily related to out of the money hedge positions resulting from higher energy prices. As these historical lower price trades continue to settle through 2023 and into 2024, collateral is returned as PSEG Power satisfies its obligations under those contracts. Thus far in 2023 collateral postings have been below the high levels experience during 2022 and remained subject to market moves Early in the first quarter we prepaid $750 million of the $1.5 billion, 364-day variable rate term-loan due in April. Subsequent to the end of the quarter remaining $750 million of the April 2023 term-loan matured and was replaced by a new $750 million, 364-day variable rate term-loan maturing in April 2024. As of March 31, 2023, PSEG had outstanding a total of $1.25 billion of 364-day variable rate term loans expiring April and May of 2023 to support PSEG Power's, collateral needs and PSEG Power had outstanding $1.25 billion variable rate term loan expiring March 2025. In total $1.05 billion of Power & Others' variable rate debt has been swapped from variable rate to fixed as of March 31, 2023 with an additional $175 million swapped in April. Also in March PSE&G issued a total of $900 million of green bonds consisting of $500 million of secured medium term notes due 2033 and $400 million of secured medium term notes due 2053. As Ralph mentioned we are reaffirming PSEGs 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.40 to $3.50 per share with regulated operations at PSE&G forecasted to contribute $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion. And PSEG Power & Other forecasted at $200 million to $225 million, noting that PSEG Power & Other has realized the majority of the expected annual price increase and re-contracting during the first quarter 2022. That concludes our formal remarks. And operator we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys. Good morning.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So first question is on, on just looking at maybe opportunities to efficiently finance, I know obviously interest rate risk has been a headwind recently, but it's embedded in plan. You don't need equity, but do you feel like you have some opportunities for maybe financing efficiencies on the debt side especially as we kind of see a very attractive cash pay convert market unfolding, five-year terms, low 3% costs. And could that sort of benefit be accretive to that 5 to 7 you guys reiterate today, especially since you do embed a higher interest rate cost step up?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Sure. Thanks for that and, I will give it to Dan in a second here. I – look we're never going to walk away from an opportunity to save a few dollars, which is what you're referring to there, and so we wouldn't do that. I also think there is a fine line there that you have to watch from a being 2Q to being folks thinking that you're actually issuing equity. So I guess every one of those deals are different and we look at it and how it's structured, but we don't need to issue equity and I just want to be certain that anything that we did to look at that, would not be done in that light. So Dan, you want to add?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think that's the right theme, Shar. We obviously going to consider all options and we do on a regular basis when we try to look at how we finance the business. But I think it probably is a better fit for somebody who has an equity need coming up, but obviously we would look at it the same way that we would look at anything else to make sure we're financing efficiently.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. That was very clear. And then just lastly on the strategic side, it's obviously maybe a small upside but do you have any sort of efficient ways to allocate proceeds for the lease sales if those occur? I mean, there's been some activity on that front across the offshore wind players. So I wonder if you – if you think it could be more accretive to hold on to some of those leases for a more competitive process and maybe more stable capital market environment there. Thanks. 
Dan Cregg: Yes. I don't know that you can perfectly time the market. I do know that acreage that we do have is off the coast of Maryland. Maryland just upsized, they are targeted offshore wind; New Jersey has done the same. Those are, I think, probably the two markets that those acres would serve the best. And so I think you'd look at it from an operating perspective and from a market perspective I should say as to when you were going to execute on that sale. And when they come in, I think it’s just going to be part of general corporate funds. Probably the most, the quickest and most efficient way to use those funds would be a pay down of some debt and then just redeploying capital as we've seen needed. It's not like we're going to, I guess embedded within Ralph's comments we're not selling parts of the business in addition to not issuing equity for what we need to do. And so it's not like that's going to be required from a timing perspective to do what we need to do to fund the capital plan. I think that's all, all sound and I think it's just going to go back and be part of the overall financing plan.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Fantastic guys. Kudos on today. We'll see you soon.
Dan Cregg: Thanks Shar.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Shar. Happy doing.
Operator: Next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning Dan. Thanks for giving me time here. Just – Dan, quick clarification on the proceeds from the lease that – that would be all incremental to the current CapEx plan, right? I just want to be clear on that front?
Dan Cregg: Yes. And look we shouldn't overplay the magnitude of what that's going to look like. It's going to be great, but it's not going to be life-changing for the company as we go forward. It is a transaction that will be around the edges and we'll do it when it makes the most sense to make it the most efficient.
Durgesh Chopra: Makes sense. Okay. I didn't hear you mention the lift out on the pension on the call. Sorry if I missed it. Can you just talk to that, what are the latest developments there and is that still sort of something you're considering?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, Durgesh, you didn't really hear anything because there really isn't nothing new to report which is not to imply nothing's going on. Diligence does continue, it's something that we're continuing to explore just with the same purpose to dampen the volatility that we would've within the pension. And I think things are continuing productively, but there's nothing new to report. But don't take the absence as if it's off the table, it remains something we're pursuing.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's very clear. And then just one last one for me, can you comment on how did the quarter shake out versus your expectations and how does that position you for 2023 with respect to your guidance range?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Durgesh, it shook out exactly the way we expected it to. So we're, that's why we're so certain about reaffirming guidance. I think what you also heard in a bunch of the answers that Dan just gave you was flexibility that we have. We're not – none of the things that you're talking about are opportunities we have require us to thread a needle to execute the plan that we have in front of us. And that confidence I hope comes across in both the way that we're answering and with the optionalities that we have.
Durgesh Chopra: It does. Well done guys. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks.
Dan Cregg: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thank you guys for the time. Just following-up on hedging and hedging strategy here post IRA, it seems like there's been a pretty nice step up here at hedge prices versus the fourth quarter deck, $37 a megawatt-hour versus $32. Can you talk about that? What drove the significantly higher price? Is there a change in how commercial activities are being characterized or is that actually a real step up in economic value that you're showing there? I just want to make sure we're all clear about that.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. And I'll give it to Dan to give you because he's got that trading operation. But I just do want to reinforce that a lot. There's still some uncertainty out there in the out years until we get the rules back from treasury. So what we are describing there though is what we expect to happen. And Dan you could fill some more details in there.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Julien, I would – what you're describing is not some kind of dramatic shift in what we're doing. We've always worked within a range across a ratable period. There are bounds within that range. It's not a perfectly scientific range, so you could see some movement within a fairly bounded range for what we do. The quarter started with some higher prices, ended with an uptick and in the middle had a drop off. And so I think that we did a nice job of capturing some decent pricing. The other thing I would say though that you don't want to lose sight of is that, not everything is robotically across the year as well. So you could have some on peak, some off peak hedges come on. You could have some winter hedges, some seasonal hedges, some calendar hedges come on and that can make a little bit of a difference as you go through quarter-to-quarter. It's a little bit of a granular look. So to your question, I do think that we did a nice job in moving forward and capturing some value, but I think some of the other things that I described also could come into play in any quarter, frankly. I say that more generically as we go quarter-to-quarter and you look at it granularly through time. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify that commentary. So basically this is more about hedging on peak resolve peak than it is anything tied to IRA or otherwise. And again you did a nice job commercially hedging, but you wouldn't necessarily say that this is anything in terms of a change methodology importantly?
Ralph LaRossa: You got that last part is the most important point that that we said that we are kind of continuing on our path, similar methodologies to what we've done in the past. Pending the real update that is when we'll get that from treasury and understand it. My only comment is you can't take too much of a fine point because there are some nuances with the timing of hedges whether they're on off peak and seasonal versus counter hedges and things of that nature. But on balance definitely a good quarter from a value perspective as we step through time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then super quick if I can. You alluded to these plans that you're developing proposals for electrification. When do you expect that to come? I know we've talked about this a bit in the past, just what's the timeline there and then especially any thoughts about a parallel higher load forecast with that and the timeline there?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Julien, I think you're going to – all of that's going to play out over the next 12 to 18 months on multiple fronts. First we have to get agreement on our load forecast as you said. I continue to believe that the current load forecast that we see from PJM is light. Like isn't that a big impact to us again because we are decoupled, which we've seen the benefit of this year. But I think that it will drive additional investments for us both potentially at the transmission level and at the distribution level depending upon what – where those forecasts levelize off that. There is a gap between our internal forecast and what PJM has. We provide that information, but PJM is the ultimate transmission authority from a planning standpoint, so we build our system out to that. I think there are though as we get alignment on rates of EV turnover in the state of New Jersey as we get alignment on the electrification plans of the Governor. And then as we get more alignment on this clean energy transition as a whole and specifically as in regards to the offshore wind transmission, I think we'll be able to give you a little more guidance on that over that next 12 to 18 months.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Good luck guys. See you soon.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Julien.
Dan Cregg: Thanks Julien.
Operator: The next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Travis Miller: Good morning everyone. Thank you.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey Travis.
Dan Cregg: Hey Travis.
Travis Miller: I know it's really early in the process, but wonder if you could characterize the discussion and issues that might come up on the GSMP III filing so far?
Ralph LaRossa: Sure, Travis. I think you've said the key though, which is it's still early in the process right now, but we still don't have any red flags as far as what we've seen in the conversations that we've had with the regulators. So we're confident at the end of the day that we'll get a similar run rate to what we have currently with our GSMP II filing. And I think – I think you've heard and seen in all the comments made from the administration, specifically the governor's office that there's no intent to stop any gas installations. There's no intent at this point to stop stoves from being tied into gas. So it's a little bit different environment that we have and I think that the lack of attention that it has had is also a very good indicator for all of us is to where policy will be heading in the state.
Travis Miller: So you're not taking anybody's stoves away?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, I mean there's no plan on that. And I look at; we got to be careful on all of this because that process is confidential, right? So we – I think you can see from the newspaper articles and so on that there's really no challenge to us on the replacement of our facilities.
Travis Miller: Yes. Just joking on that one, and perhaps I should have asked this first, but how early is it in the process? What kind of timeline are you thinking about?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. We usually talk about those things in the 12-month plus timeline for filing like that. And I think we're only a couple months into it yet, so they just – they just named a presiding officer at the BPU for that – for this filing. And so I think we're 12 months plus away for early decision.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next questions from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, good morning everyone.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question on the new four-year labor agreements, first of all I'm glad you had more success than the Hollywood writers did. But my question is given the inflationary pressures, how do the cost structures compare to prior deals and how will that affect customer bills?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Andrew, a couple things there. Let me start backwards with the customer bills, I think there's been a few reports out that I just would encourage. If I take a look at New Jersey from 2021 to 2022 was I think the fourth lowest state in the U.S. as far as residential electric rate increases. So the process here is working, it's not just what we do in the T&D business, but it's also the way they procure power. And we've talked about that a bunch of times. So kudos to the BPU on that and the process that's been in place, and so we – because of that rolling nature, I – any kind of increase that we would have is going to be minimal to start with. That said labor is a large component of our O&M and the largest component of our own O&M expenses within the utility. So it will be a piece that goes into our rate case filing that we have. But the 4% increase that we were able to negotiate, three in the out years is just – it's just a good indication of the relationship that we have. The strong relationship that we have with our unions – all of our unions in the state, and the fact that in prior years when we had a 3% labor increase and inflation was in at 1% to 2%, the unions recognize that and the unions recognize now when inflation is higher than the 3% to 4%. They had some benefit in prior years. So I think the outcome is pretty flat and it's flat from a growth standpoint for our folks because the good working relationships that we have and the way it plays out. At the end of the day, I don't think this will have a major impact on the rates again because of a number of different factors. So that's exactly what we expected and should give you some confidence and others on a call as to our own end projections in the out years because it is the biggest component of our expenses.
Andrew Weisel: Great. That's very helpful, and yes, I know those negotiations are never easy; so congrats. Next question is on electric vehicles. Can you talk a little bit about how soon you expect to see the impact in terms of both infrastructure investment and higher residential demand? And then just remind me under the CIP decoupling mechanism. Would you benefit with higher revenues as EVs pick-up? Or would that be kind of more of an affordability story?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So a whole bunch in there. First of all as far as timing goes, we are starting to see some new business requests come in. We see it in some of the Garden State Parkway, rest stops we're seeing it in the New Jersey Turnpike rest stops. We're seeing in some of the large commercial organizations that were just granted approval by the BPU that will installed the charging infrastructure. So those – that activity has started, and we're going to keep an eye on that and see about what it – what kind of capital is required for each one of those installations on a standalone basis that'll help us in projections going forward, but it's just a start. As far as load increases, and individual residences, we'll know more about that as we deploy AMI. We have our AMI cross rollout going very well in New Jersey, and we'll have a lot more details that we can talk about, I would say 12 months from now as far as when we start to see folks connected their EVs that we had an engineer that – that had worked here, just retired after about 60 years. And he said that he sees this transition as the transition when we went to Central Air Conditioners back in the 1950s. So it'll happen – it'll happen sporadically and then it'll take-off just like – like that, that deployment took place. So we are – we will have more to say about it as we go forward, but I'm just really excited about the fact that we're starting to see it take place already and these first set of plans getting out from the BPU last week.
Dan Cregg: And on the affordability side of things, Andrew, too, I think that there will be infrastructure improvements that will need to be made that last mile of our system is pretty dated and there is a lot of work that'll need to be done, but I think, part of what you're going to see is a shift where a piece of the wallet that used to end up at the gas station is going to end up on the electric bill. So, that helps things as well.
Ralph LaRossa: And that's only for the commodity because again, as you mentioned from the SIP, we're not going to collect anymore for the pipes or the wires other than for what we deploy additional capital on. 
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Andrew. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning. 
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: You mentioned the selection of the offshore wind injection point, and I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more what that actually might mean for you. If you could just elaborate a little bit more on that, I guess. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, sure, Paul. So it wasn't a selection, it was a recommendation by the BPU to PJM to look at our Deans Sub Switching Station as the entry point. So what that could – what it means for us certainly is that if PJM does agree with the Board of Public Utilities and does select that, any of the work inside the fence will be the responsibility of PSE&G the complete inside the fence. The work outside the fence will still follow under that state agreement approach and be a competitive solicitation. However, what I am encouraged by is the fact that Deans is in our service territory. We know our service territory. And we should be very knowledgeable about the routes to get from the shore to that Dean's substation. And I wouldn't go beyond that at this point, but I'm happy to see that that Deans was selected. I also would tell you that I'm very happy about the work that we've done on our transmission system because the indication that that gives us is that our transmission system is robust enough to take that injection of offshore wind generation into it. So, we've done a nice – our engineering team has done a really nice job of readying the system for what might come and here it is. 
Paul Patterson: Is there any potential, I guess, when we talk about inside defense, do you have any number about how much that might be? 
Ralph LaRossa: No. Well, I wouldn't know. We won't know until we actually see the size and magnitude of what comes in there versus down to the area JCP&L just is rebuilding and maybe even down in the Atlantic City Electric territory. So, a lot of flows to be figured out by PJM between now and then. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. That’s something to watch, I guess. Then with respect to the going from an 18-month fuel cycle to a 24-month fuel cycle, can you tell us what the – what the potential impact of that might be, I guess, starting in 2025? 
Ralph LaRossa: Well, from a capital expenditure standpoint, I think, we told you it’s going to be around $30 million or so. It's about that same amount. So it's a very small number. What the impact will be is we'll be some savings in O&M that we'll have as a result of that. And we're also obviously going to get additional megawatts. We have not – I don't think we've published that anywhere yet. So I’d just stay away from disclosing any of that information until we get the engineering completed, which is what that $30 million. There is really not a lot of work to do to actually ready a nuclear plant for this. What really has to be done is the engineering on the fuel rods and how they are going to interact with each other. And as that's completed, then we're going to tell what additional power we're going to get out of the unit. 
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please proceed your questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Hi. Hi. How are you? A couple of follow up questions. As the organization continues to evaluate the pension lift out opportunities, do you think the company will be in a position to make a decision later this year, or has the timeline changed as you continue to work through the mechanics and details of how that would all work? 
Ralph LaRossa: You want to give that one with Dan?
Dan Cregg: Yes. Ryan there is really no change in schedule, I think, it's a – we think about it as being a 2023 event, but we'll continue to watch what's going on. We'll continue to watch what the market looks for is a large deal announced today on that front. So, we'll make sure that as we do move forward first and foremost continuation of benefits and certainty around all that and all that diligence that we're going to do and that everything works well it’s going to be super important, but we'll also keep an eye on what the overall market conditions are to move forward on that.
Ryan Levine: Got it. Appreciate the color. And then as in terms of the Salem, what's the remaining process to extend the fueling cycle there? And are there any other capacity additions or changes to maintenance or refueling that you are contemplating in the near term? 
Dan Cregg: Yes, what we referred to in the script was that the NRC has several PWR plants that are looking at changing their fuel cycle from 18 to 24 months. So we're monitoring that. What we had discussed in the past and what we're continuing to look at is the additional upgrades, which are different than the fuel cycle down at Salem. So, more to come on that we have not disclosed anything further than what we talked about at the investor meeting. 
Ryan Levine: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Dan Cregg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your questions.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning, Ralph. Good morning, Dan.
Dan Cregg: Good morning. Anthony. How are you? Is your first comment going to be congratulations, devils?
Anthony Crowdell: It was, congratulations, devils. Big win last night. Congratulations. I'm a little sad with my ranges. But most of my questions answered. Just one super quick one following up on Shar's question earlier on, I think, the thought of maybe using a hybrid maybe for financing, I guess, are you guys forecasting additional debt to parent to fund CapEx either at power or the utility?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, we gave a little bit of indication in March on that Anthony, that the parent will see some debt levels come down as the existing collateral cycle kind of works off down to a more baseline amount of collateral. But then over time, we do expect, as we continue to fund the capital plan that we have we do anticipate some incremental financing over time. And when Shar asked the question, is it something that we think of first and foremost as we're going to finance? No, we don't have equity needs as we go through the capital plan, but is it something that we would look at just to make sure we're not missing anything? I think that answers yes. 
Anthony Crowdell: Great. That's all I had. Thanks so much. 
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Anthony.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ross Fowler with UBS. Please proceed your questions. 
Ross Fowler: Good morning.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Ross.
Dan Cregg: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Fowler: I'll echo the congratulations devils. And my broods laid a big egg, so they cleared the way for me for sure. So most of my questions have been answered. Just maybe a couple for you, Dan. So, customer growth came in pretty good in the quarter, tracking around 1%.
Dan Cregg: Yes.
Ralph LaRossa: Can you just kind of remind us with the SIP what you've assumed for customer growth in your go forward earnings growth guidance? 
Dan Cregg: Yes, less than – between 0% and 1% is kind of the range that we've assumed for customer growth over time. And again, that's number of customers, that's the important element for us. Right.
Ross Fowler: Right, right. And then there was this $0.10 of expected tax carryback, in your walk from 2022 to 2023, but that ended up coming in 2022. So, what other things are now sort of in 2023, given the absence of that $0.10 and get you back to sort of your 2023 guidance rate?
Dan Cregg: Yes, it's a great question. And that $0.10 was not entirely the carryback that was the biggest chunk of it. And so that did come in early. What we're seeing in 2023 really that offset some of that without going through a whole bunch of puts and takes with respect to the guidance, which is still in the same place it was last quarter, is some of the lower collateral deriving lower interest, which is a little bit of a tailwind. So a headwind from the former, a tailwind from the latter. And we're still in the same place from an overall guidance perspective. 
Ross Fowler: All right. Perfect. That's all I had. Thank you. 
Dan Cregg: Thanks Ross.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Ross. And I'll fill you in on my Panthers’ connection later.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Ralph. How are you?
Ralph LaRossa: Good.
Michael Sullivan: Just wanted to circle back to the offshore wind transmission opportunity and solicitation next year. I guess like how should we think about the read through from the first go around? And I think the fact that it came on shore in JCP&L's territory and the fact that they got most of the opportunity there should we take that as a read through with using the Deans substation?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, Michael. I think, look, the fact that that work was awarded to JCP&L just indicated that they had some work to do to make that system more robust, to catch the power coming in, to use an analogy there. What you are hearing now is that the work that we have been doing at Deans has ready our system al already. So, we're in a little better place from a readiness standpoint at Deans. And I think that you are now seeing the BPU executing on what they had originally said from the beginning, which was, hey, we want to come into the southern part of the state, the central part of the state, and the northern part of the state. And our Deans substation switching station, allows them to execute on that plan. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just in terms of the timeline for any spend related to this solicitation next year?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. It's all end of the decade, Michael. We have been saying from the beginning, they will go through the solicitation process. Again they are still waiting for treasury as well to figure out the tax rules, once they get there, we will determine what's going to be transmission, what's going to be generator leads, and we'll be off to the races at that point. But that still puts us at the end of the decade before anyone is deploying capital on us. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That’s very helpful. One, one quick one, back to the quarter. On the electric and gas margin, I just wanted to make sure I understood correctly the impact that was not covered by the SIP, what was that related to?
Ralph LaRossa: So like, I think, we said in March there is about 95% of our overall revenues covered by the SIP, and there is some component that is not. And so we do have some variability, albeit much more on the smaller end. I think the variance you are talking about was a $0.01. So, it was not a significant amount, but there is some element that falls outside of it, some of the larger customers that's all.
Dan Cregg: It's the I&C. It's a small piece of the I&C customer base. 
Michael Sullivan: Understood. Thanks guys, appreciate it.
Ralph LaRossa: You bet Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions. 
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, I know you guys covered this in detail during the Analyst Day, but I still want to ask a question about the future of your nuclear plans. And so you talked about the assets being an important source of cash to finance the growth of the utility that you wanted to do upgrades at the assets and you were waiting for more guidance from IRS around nuclear PTCs. So, my question is – so is it just a question of timing in the sense that you are not ready yet to separate these assets, or maybe there is no easy way to separate these assets without any tax, so it could still come in the future? Or is it just a long-term strategy that you plan to stick with these assets and you hope that investors will value them at least the PTC backed earnings as regulated like?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Angie, I was trying to be as clear as possible at that investor meeting. We want to and expect to keep those assets in a portfolio. I don't see any scenario that we've been presented with that would make us waiver from that. And so, I just want to be as clear as I can, crisp as I can beyond that. You laid out exactly upfront, all the reasons why we articulated and I stand by that today as to why we're keeping those plants. They are a great cash flow, they've been run really, really well and they continue to be run really well. And so when you have that operating excellence combined with the cash flow, it does create a very unique utility like revenue stream for us that we think differentiates us from some of our peers. And hopefully across the board today you are seeing that differentiation.
Dan Cregg: And hard to think of a more valuable asset in these times, Angie. 
Angie Storozynski: Yes, I mean, I don't disagree. But then lastly, so we're waiting for that guidance on nuclear PTCs, and it sounds like it's only going to come in the first quarter. Do you guys have any, like, what is the main question mark here? What is it? Is it about the low market hedges? Is those getting – if those are going to get recognized in that true up associated with the nuclear PTC, I'm just wondering what is it that we're really waiting for? 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I'll not give it to Dan to give you some more details on this. But look at the very high level it's the definition of revenues and how that's going to be treated by treasury. But Dan can give you a lot more.
Dan Cregg: Yes, just the mechanics of how it works Angie, I'm sure you know, is there's a calculation of grocery receipts and then a comparison to what the PTC threshold is and the credit kind of fills that gap. And so how that definition is determined, and you went to exactly some of the areas that I would reference and how do you treat hedges, is it a spot price, is it some kind of an assumption around what hedges have happened, is it actual hedges that it's just? It's unclear exactly how they will define the gross receipts in order to figure out how you move from that amount to the PTC threshold. And so, that's what we're waiting on. I think that at the end of the day, we'll get a reasonable answer. And I think that there's a significant support for what's there. And I think we just got to work, treasury has got to work their way through, what's going to make the sense across units that are in various situations across the country.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly so, we've heard from, consultation [ph], for example, that they are thinking about replacing some of the state support for their nuclear plans with the federal subsidies. In your case, I'm just thinking about it, so the – so the nuclear PTCs would accrue in 2024, but you would collect them only in 2025. So, New Jersey is expiring in May of 2025. So, is it fair to assume that it's unlikely that that there would be any changes in the current structure, given that, again, the payments roughly coincide with the expiration years [indiscernible]?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Angie I think, those mechanics are still ahead of us to be worked out. But I do think – look I think that all along, one of the things that we were saying that was so, so important is that we had a long term solution for nuclear. And I think that we were very happy to see that the PTCs did create that and honestly did create that at the federal level. And so if you think about most of the other elements that support renewable energy are the types of things through ITCs and PTCs that ultimately are funded at the federal level. And so that's another element that I think is very important within this. And that's what we will end up moving towards once this PTC amount starts to start to kick in.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome, thank you.
Carlotta Chan: Operator, we're going to conclude the Q&A Session at this time. And I will turn it over to Ralph for just the closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, well, thanks. So, listen, I appreciate everyone getting on, I appreciate the robust questions. I just leave you again with what we've been saying, ad nauseam at this point, but predictability and stability and confidence, and I think, that all three of those things have come across again today in both our results and hopefully in our Q&A.  We're proud of the organization we've got here. We're proud of the results that we've been able to achieve. And we're just trying to build on 120 years of great history that we've been able to inherit. And as we've said multiple, multiple times, we want to leave it better than we found it. So, thank you for calling in and I appreciate the time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Shamali and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 21, 2023, and will be available for replay as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at investor.pseg.com. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Shamali. Welcome to PSEG's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings presentation. Joining us on the call today are Ralph LaRossa, Chair, President and CEO of PSEG; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO. The press release attachments and slides for today’s discussion are posted on our IR website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-K will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income or net loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's material. Following Ralph and Dan's prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you to everyone joining us on our call this morning. Since the third quarter 2022 earnings report, we've had several important updates. Dan will provide you with a full financial review later in our prepared remarks as I will focus on some strategic highlights. We are pleased to report strong operating and financial results for both the fourth quarter and full year of 2022. We successfully navigated last year's challenges including inflation, supply chain disruptions, energies price spikes, and the steep rise in interest rates to deliver a GAAP earnings of $2.06 per share, and non-GAAP operating earnings of $3.47 per share, placing our results for the full year above the midpoint of our 2022 non-GAAP earnings guidance. In fact, 2022 was the 18th year in a row that PSEG has delivered non-GAAP results at or above management's original operating earnings guidance. PSE&G which contributed the vast majority of our results posted in 8.2% annual increase in net income from the continued investment in its TND infrastructure, clean energy programs and a first full year of decoupling. PSE&G invested over $3 billion of capital during 2022 in transmission upgrades, gas system modernization, energy efficiency, electric vehicle infrastructure and launched our efforts to address the reliability of the last mile of our distribution system. At year end 2022, PSE&G's rate base topped $26.4 billion a 7.7% increase over the year end 2021. We know the importance shareholders placed on a predictability and visibility of our financial results and during the past 12 months we have taken many steps to deliver just that. First, we completed the strategic alternatives process, which included the sale of PSE&G fossil last February. This increased the regulated contribution to about 90% of our consolidated non-GAAP earnings. We completed a $500 million share repurchase program in May of 2022 and increased the cash return to shareholders by raising the annual dividend by $0.12 or 5.9% for 2022. Second, the passage of the inflation reduction act of 2022 will offer our nuclear generation a level of much needed stability when it goes into effect in 2024. While the industry waits for clarifications, we believe the inflation reduction act is a game changer that should provide the stability required for long term financial viability of the U.S. nuclear fleet. As a result of the nuclear production tax credits extending through at least 2032 we are now able to consider small but important value added investments, including the potential for capacity upgrades to [indiscernible] a fuel cycle extension to hold Creek and the license extension of our New Jersey units. Critical to these decisions will be our determination of how predictable and visible nuclear revenues could be beyond our current three years ZEC window. The Ira also created valuable incentives for PSE&G's customers to accelerate their transition to electric vehicles, which will advanced New Jersey's decarbonisation goals and expand our opportunities to invest in last mile reliability and make ready infrastructure. This aligns with the recent state objectives to increase electrification. Just last week, Governor Murphy issued three executive orders that establish or accelerate the state's existing 2050 targets for clean source energy, building electrification and electric vehicle adoption goals with new target dates in 2030 and 2035. The Board of Public Utilities and other state agencies were directed to collaborate with stakeholders to develop plans to reach these goals. These include an updated energy master plan in 2024, and a new proceeding to develop a future of natural gas utility plant to consider new revenue streams, such as conversion of existing facilities to district geothermal, and new technologies to meet the 2019 energy master plan goal of 50% reduced emissions below 2006 levels by 2030. Third, we announced our strategic decision to exit our investment in offshore wind generation by selling our 25% equity stake in Ocean Wind 1 backdoor joint venture partner Ørsted. This decision to exit or short generation was consistent with our goal to increase the predictability of our business. PSE&G will continue to provide Ocean Wind 1 to onshore construction management services to ensure the onshore substations and associated onshore cabling are ready to receive the project's output when it goes in service. We also intend to continue pursuing regulated transmission projects offshore and investing in related transmission and distribution projects onshore and enabling the New Jersey wind port in Salem County. Finally, last week, the BPU approved the settlement of our pension accounting filing, retroactive to January 1, 2023. An important step we have pursued to limit pension expense volatility. This improved business platform created by the strategic actions we have taken over the past two years, combined with our efforts to increase the predictability of our results, positions us to narrow our 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings to a range of $3.40 to $3.50 per share from our original guidance of $3.35 to $3.55 a share provided last November. This new $0.10 range compares to the $0.20 range we have provided in previous years. These strategic rules also drive our outlook for long term compound annual earnings growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2027 and enable us to pursue this growth path without the need to issue new equity during this five year period. Moving into 2023, we extended our 2022 dividend increase of $0.12 per share to set the 2023 indicative annual rate at $2.28 per share, marking our 116th year of paying a dividend to shareholders. PSE&G has begun executing its capital investment plan of over $3.4 billion for 2023 which is expected to be the largest single year spend in utilities 120 year history. This will be directed primarily towards infrastructure replacement, energy efficiency and last mile reliability. The good news is that additional headroom was created in our gas and combined customer bill, as the recent decline in natural gas prices has enabled PSE&G to reduce its residential default gas supply rate by $0.15 to $0.15 per therm for the balance of the winter 2020 to 2023 heating season. This decrease in the pastor commodity charge will reduce the typical residential winter gas bill by $13 per month annualized or 11.5%. Speaking of our customers, they rated PSE&G number one in 2022 JV Power customer satisfaction studies for both residential electric and natural gas service in the East among large utilities. This is the first time we have achieved both number one rankings in the same year. This honor culminated the year that saw PSEG recognized by the Edison Electric Institute with the Edison award, the industry's highest honor, for leadership and innovation. And speaking of leadership, PSEG's environmental, social and governance credentials continue to be recognized. In addition to our MSCI upgrades to triple A, its highest ESG rating PSEG was also named for the Dow Jones Sustainability North America index for the 15th year in a row, as well as just 100 list of America's most just companies for 2023 recognizes our commitment to serving our customers, workforce, communities, the environment and shareholders. None of this could be accomplished without our employees, who remain PSEG's most important resource. Together, we continue to be guided by PSEG's long standing commitment to operational excellence, discipline, investment, and financial strength. As I recognize our employees, I must take a moment to honor one that lost his life in a tragic act of violence. Some of you may have heard about the horrible loss when a member of the PSEG team was killed by a former employee. It was one of the saddest days in our company's history. Our condolences and prayers go out to all of those that have been impacted by this event. I also want to thank our employees who supported each other during this difficult time. We will continue to provide resources to protect the health, safety and wellbeing of all PSEG employees, including grief counseling for any employee seeking it. In closing, and as I mentioned earlier, we know the important stakeholders play some predictability and visibility of our financial results and goals. I have made increasing both factors, a key focus of PSEG's strategic plan. We intend to share the details of this plan on our upcoming investor conference on March 10 as we continue to build a practical path for decarbonizing the New Jersey economy. I'll now turn the call over to Dan and return after his remarks for Q&A.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph. Good morning everybody. For the full year 2022 GAAP earnings were $2.06 per share, compared to a GAAP loss of $1.29 per share for the full year of 2021, which included fossil sale related impairments. Non-GAAP results for $3.47 per share for 2022 compared to 2021's non-GAAP results of $3.65 per share, which you may recall excluded depreciation related to the fossil assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of '21 and retirement of power debt. For the fourth quarter of 2022 GAAP earnings improved to $1.58 per share, compared with $0.88 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.64 per share compared with $0.69 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021 which contain the fossil sale related items I just mentioned. We provided information on slides 9 and 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business on the fourth quarter and full year periods ended December 31. Slides 10 and 12 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and non-GAAP operating earnings by major business which I will review now starting with PSE&G. Full year 2022 net income rose by $119 million or over 8% to $1.565 billion compared to 2021 net income of $1.446 billion reflecting higher earnings from continued investment in TND programs and the favorable impact of a full year of decoupling in 2022. For the fourth quarter of 2022, the utilities net income rose by $81 million to $352 million or $0.70 per share compared to $0.53 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. As you can see on Slide 10 transmission margin and a penny per share compared to the year earlier quarter, reflecting growth and rate base partly offset by the timing of O&M recovery. Gas, electric and other margin contributed combined to add $0.07 per share compared with last year's fourth quarter reflecting GSMP II roll-ins the Conservation incentive program or CIP decoupling for both electric and gas, appliance service and other margins. On the expense side, O&M was flat versus the prior year quarter. Higher distribution depreciation and interest expense each reduce results by a penny per share reflecting higher plant in service and investment. Lower pension expense added a penny per share versus a year ago quarter and flow through taxes the impact of lower outstanding shares and other items added $0.10 per share compared to the fourth quarter of '21 with $0.07 of that amount reversing the timing impact of taxes from prior quarters in 2022. During '22, PSEG invested over $3 billion in planned capital spending to upgrade transmission and distribution facilities, enhance reliability and increased resiliency. In 2022, we also launched the IAP our $511 million infrastructure advancement program, which the BPU authorized last June to improve the reliability of the last mile of our electric distribution system and address aging substations and gas M&R stations. As Ralph mentioned a year in 2022 PSE&G's rate base stood at approximately $26.4 billion a 7.7% increase over year end 2021. Last Friday, the Board of Public Utilities approved an order authorizing PSE&G to modify its method of pension accounting for ratemaking purposes, which will mitigate variability in the calculation of PSE&G's pension expense for calendar year 2023 and beyond. The backdrop of economic conditions continue to improve in New Jersey during 2022. New Jersey's unemployment rate return to pre-pandemic levels of 3.3% in September, and remain below the national average at year end. System peak load reached 10,147 megawatts on August 9, exceeding the 10,000 megawatt level for the second year in a row. Weather normalized electric sales increased by 2% for the year with residential sales flat and CNI sales increasing by 3%. Weather normalize gas sales were flat for the year with residential gas sales down 1% while CNI sales increased by 2%. [The sale] mechanism because the impact of most customer usage from margin subject to earnings or rate cap limitations, leaving the change in the number of customers as the major driver of margin growth going forward. The number of electric and gas customer rose by approximately 1% each in 2022. Wrapping up the utility update. We've narrowed our forecast of PSE&G's net income for 2023 To $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion which reflects pension and OPEB updates compared to 2022 offset by the benefit of contemporaneously recovered investments, predictability of utility margin from the safety coupling, as well as the implementation of the pension accounting filing effective for calendar year '23. Now turning to carbon free infrastructure another. For full year 22 CFIOs net loss of $534 million or $1.06 per share reflected higher losses on both mark to market transactions and nuclear decommissioning trust fund related activity. The full year 2021 net loss included impairments and debt extinguishment costs related to the fossil sale. Non-GAAP operating earnings declined $174 million or $0.35 per share from $407 million for full year '21 reflecting the absence of the fossil assets. The fourth quarter 22 CFIOs net income improved to $436 million or $0.88 per share from $174 million in the year ago quarter, reflecting higher gains on both mark to market transactions and NDT fund related activities. Net income for the fourth quarter ‘21 included debt extinguishment costs and other charges related to the sale of fossil. For the fourth quarter 2022 the non-GAAP operating earnings loss of $34 million or $0.06 per share reflected the absence of the fossil assets compared to the fourth quarter 2021 non-GAAP earnings of $81 million or $0.68 per share, which reflected the cessation of depreciation and lower interest costs related to the fossil sale. Referring again to Slide 10, non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.22 per share lower in the fourth quarter than the fourth quarter of 2021 driven by lower capacity prices for the remaining nuclear fleet, but regeneration volume recontracting lower prices and lower deck revenue compared to the year ago quarter. Combined these items drove electric gross margin to decline $0.34 per share. Gas operations improved by $0.04 per share, reflecting higher off system sales, higher commodity pricing and higher stores. Power related cost comparisons for the fourth quarter 2022 improve his overall O&M expense was $0.07 per share favorable compared to the year ago quarter. Again reflecting fossil assets sale, partly offset by the plan refueling at the 100% owned Hope Creek nuclear plant in this year's fourth quarter. Appreciation and interests were higher by a penny per share that reflected the March 2022 debt issuance of power versus the year earlier debt retirements related to the fossil sale. Activity was a pay per share favorable compare the fourth quarter of 2021 primarily reflecting the essence of 2021's donation to the PSEG foundation, partly offset by higher parent interest of $0.04. Taxes and other improved by a penny per share over the fourth quarter of 2021 and includes the accelerated receipt of expected tax carried out claim in '22 instead of '23, which is partially offset by the reversing of a timing impact from tax benefits in prior quarters in 2022. Turning to ops. The nuclear fleet operated and an average capacity factor of 85.8% during the fourth quarter, which included the Hope Creek and 7.3 terawatt hours requirement for generation. An unplanned outage at Salem unit two in late December 2022 occurred during a PJM region wide generation emergency action and resulted in capacity performance penalties. The net financial impact of the outage including replacement power, capacity penalties, as well as bonuses earned by the other operating PSEG units did not expect it to be material. For the full year the nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 92.2% producing 31.3 terawatt hours of generation. PSEG's forecasting total baseline baseload nuclear generation of approximately 31 terawatt hours for the full year of 23 hedged 95% to 100% and an average price of $31 per megawatt hour an increase of about $4 per megawatt hour compared to '22. For '24 total nuclear generation is forecast also to be approximately 31 terawatt hours, and 55% to 60% hedged than an average price of $32 per megawatt hour. In addition, in December, we exited certain legacy BGS or basic generation service contracts in order to rebalance our hedge portfolio and realign it to our baseload nuclear fleet and reduce volatility in 2023. Wrapping up CFIO we've narrowed our forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings to $200 million to $225 million from $185 million to $235 million. A quick update on financing activity and collateral postings. As of December 31, 2022, total available credit capacity was $3.7 billion including a billion at PSE&G. In addition, we have total cash and cash equivalents on hand of approximately $465 million. PSEG power had net cash collateral postings of $1.5 billion at December 31 primarily related to as a money hedge positions resulting from higher energy prices, which declined to $700 million through last Friday. Given the recent improvement in our collateral position, in January of this year, we prepaid $750 of a $1.5 billion short term loan that was due in April. Following the repayment of this term loan, PSEG had outstanding a total of $1.25 billion of 365 day term loans expiring this spring to support powers collateral needs and power had an outstanding a $1.25 billion term loan expiring in March of 2025. Combined, these term loans comprise $2.5 billion a variable rate debt. As we mentioned during our third quarter call, we entered into interest rate swaps during September and October of last year, which converted $1.05 billion of our outstanding term loans from floating to fixed rate reducing our variable rate debt exposure. Following the measurement of the pension at year end 2022, we've incorporated the impact of the actual 2022 investment returns, discount rate and interest rates into the 2023 pension [calculations]. Our expected return on plan assets increased to 8.1% for 2023, as the declining value of the fixed income securities due to higher interest rates during '22 enables a higher yield on them going forward. While 2022 investment returns has a negative impact on 2023 pension calculations, the increase in interest rates serves to reduce the pension liability with the funded status of a pension plan, ending the year at a solid 87%. In addition, the county settlement approved by the BPU will create a regulatory asset or liability to overlay our current accounting, which will partly mitigate the impact of certain expense related pension calculations going forward. As Ralph mentioned earlier, we've narrowed our 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance to $3.40 to $3.50 per share around the same $3.45 per share midpoint, with regulated operations continuing to contribute approximately 90% of that total. As a reminder, PSEG does not forecast GAAP earnings related and related long term growth rates. PSE&G's forecast of 2023 net income is narrowed to $1.500 billion to $1.525 billion reflecting the predictability provided by the expected transmission distribution investment recovery, and focus on owned and cost control. Non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for CFIO is now forecasted at $200 million to $225 million. CFIOs narrowed guidance also removed the previously expected benefits of the tax carry back claim from PSEG's 2023 operating guidance.  That concludes our prepared remarks. So Shamali please open the line. And we'll take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning Ralph and team. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on the quarter.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey -
Unidentified Analyst: Just wanted to start off with '23 guidance updates, and specifically on the utility. Do you have any updates on the O&M cost initiative targets and interest costs that are embedded in guidance versus what was presented in November especially as you're finding down some of the collateral needs. And just maybe to clarify, was the pension outcome the main driver for the 15 million decrease at the top end of the guidance?
Ralph LaRossa: I think the way to think about the tension honestly, is just reducing volatility overall, as we think about it EI was in November, we were providing guidance. And as you know, we snapped the tape at 12.31. And so I think the elimination of the ups and downs that could have come from year end, which was not known at the time was part of the reason that we had a wider range at that point and are more narrow now I would say that that number came in right about where we thought it was going to. And so I would say we are consistent with that. But with the absence of the movement that we could have had. We had presumed at that time, Constantine, that we would obtain what we did subsequently obtained from the BPU. So that was presumed already and I would say from an O&M perspective. I'd say it's fair to think about the assumptions as being consistent as what we said at EI. We may see some benefits coming through by virtue of collateral coming off a little quicker but the year is not over. We'll continue to see some movements. And we'll continue to manage that going forward.
Dan Cregg: Yes Constantine the only I would add from O&M standpoint, we would have been a culture of continuous improvement. And we'll continue to look for opportunities when they arise, but we don't normally publicize any specific numbers on that area.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. This one might be more for Dan, again, with the, with the announced exit from offshore wind. And the first part being though that put option on the JV and the potential incremental acreage sales more directly? How are you thinking about the use of proceeds? And as we think about the old investment capacity slide, and with the sale proceeds the unwind of the short term financing? Is there a target FFO to debt metrics that we need to think about in your longer term planning assumptions?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think, we sell on it that that exit from motion when one would be at our cost to date. And we've characterized it as being right around $200 million just in just an excess of $200 million, so that it certainly is nice to have back but it's not a major item to move the needle with respect to the broader numbers. I think we've talked about having an overall as a footstep threshold 13% to 14%. And we've talked in the past about living somewhere north of that into the 15, 16 area. And I think that's a fair way to continue to think about where we are.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, and maybe for just one second shifting to nuclear. What's the threshold for including operational or CapEx driven upside into the plan and the needs associated with it, just thinking about co-owner and some of the assets of just being de-announcements around some of the upgrades elsewhere. Curious on any thoughts or conversations that you've had?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So we'll have our normal run rate operating capital. And to the extent that there's an opportunity to deploy capital to enhance results overall. Obviously, that analysis is going to go through just like any other analysis, we would do and be up against the hurdle rate that's going to show that it's going to make sense for us to do that. I think we have some promise on some things going forward. And maybe we'll give you a little bit more color about that, as we get a little further down the road on it.
Unidentified Analyst: And any specific conversations that you've had or still too early?
Ralph LaRossa: About the CapEx? 
Unidentified Analyst: With the co-owners. 
Ralph LaRossa: We talk to our callers all the time. I mean, that's just the normal operating but nothing specific. Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it. Thanks for taking the questions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Pleae proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. It's actually Rich on for Jeremy. Can you hear me?
Ralph LaRossa: Sure. Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, thanks. circle back to the offshore we update just on the acreage. Any options here evaluating beyond an outright sale here? Also curious when we can expect the next update on this front?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Rich, just unequivocally we're not going to be in the offshore generation business. I mean that and the timing of what we do, we'll just be keeping an eye on the market and see what makes sense. 
Unidentified Analyst: Very clear. Got it. And then just Governor Murphy's executive orders within that I guess the 100% clean energy plan. How do you see this impacting the Energy Master Plan overall and curious at a high level, what you're focused on either from that front or from an EMP front?
Ralph LaRossa: So I would kind of say, there's a lot of good news in that announcement last week for a company like ours, and especially one, it's been focused. We kicked off this effort on the last mile last year and I think this just kind of reinforces the need for it from a customer standpoint, and from a reliability standpoint. So lots of opportunities. We'll certainly be engaged in that. I personally am tripling down on electric vehicles as much as we can in this area, and that's driving the decarbonisation in the state. And then from a gas system standpoint, certainly some push on whether or not there's a lot of expansion of the gas system, we have about a high 80% saturation rate for our customers. So we never had our business plan set up for growth on the gas side. That's not in our numbers. We just kind of hook up customers, as they call this, but our replacement plans are completely aligned. If you look at the wording that's in the executive order by reducing methane emissions. So we think there's just a lot of positives in that announcement. And we'll work with the state and policy makers on whatever we can self drive that in the Energy Master Plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, very helpful it. Sorry, just wanted to circle back one last time to offshore wind [indiscernible] to acreage. Is that is that all committed? And can you just run the numbers on what's in there and what's net to PEG? 
Ralph LaRossa: It’s 35,000 acres, and so there's about 35,000 acres that are still available to some degree, we've committed some of that are set if they go ahead skip check. I don't have the exact numbers in front of us, but it's a de minimis amount of that 35,000. 
Dan Cregg: Yes, there's, as that project was going forward, there was a need for some incremental acreage. And so some of those were made available for that purpose.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you for the time today.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning, guys. Just on the bench in front, I just want to reconcile and make sure we have this accurately captured the accounting order from the BPU last week that roughly mitigates about 20% to 30% of the pension expense volatility. So if you can confirm that, Dan, if that's still the right number, and then maybe you can update us on the sort of the lift out approach that you had highlighted you were considering just any updates that you can share there as well.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I guess I'm the first question. I think that's a reasonable way to think about it, although you will see as you step through time, some of the components elements under changing. So it's not a I think it's a fair way to think about where we sit today. But as we step through time, some of that could move as some of the component elements end up changing. I think with respect to the list that we've talked about a little bit in the past, we are continuing to explore that as a potential. Again, as a reminder really what that does is just shrink the overall size of the pension for us. And I think that potential still exists for us we're still doing diligence on it and we're working our way through the process. And we'll have some more information for you as we go through the year. But I wouldn't expect anything to be imminent but I would hope to see something happen this year [indiscernible] Durgesh. 
Ralph LaRossa: We might have lost him.
Operator: Durgesh are you on mute? Not sure he's still connected but -- 
Carlotta Chan: Shamali we can move to the next question. And if Durgesh comes back, we'll continue with him.
Operator: Sure. No problem. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hey, Ralph and Dan. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey Dave.
David Arcaro: Let's see. I was curious on nuclear. So many of your peers recently announced higher levels of nuclear O&M heading into 2023. Curious if you would expect a similar dynamic in terms of upward O&M pressure on your nuclear units? And then separate but somewhat related on nuclear fuel. They also, we're taking a more conservative approach in terms of building inventory and lowering risk of any kind of Russian supply interruptions that could occur in the future. Wondering if you have considered a similar strategic approach in terms of sourcing nuclear fuel. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So a couple of things on that front, on the just from an O&M standpoint, as you recall, the inflation reduction act required anyone who wanted to participate in the PTC or not participate, but fully participate in the PTC to pay prevailing wages at the sites. And we have been doing that for years here at PSEG. So no awkward O&MM impact for us. I don't know if there's anything beyond that the others are talking about, but specifically for us, I don't see anything that would be driving additional O&M expenses at those plants. And then on a fuel supply. We were not as dependent on Russian fuel supply, as at all for our fuel supply. So it's not an issue for us that we needed to get in front of, and I think we'll talk a little bit more about that at the, at our investor meeting. But I just it's, again, that's something that was forefront for us or something that we had to proactively address. Because we're not, we're just not in that marketplace. I think there's an impact on the entire market. There'll be an impact for everyone. But that's something we are trying to jump in front of right now.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think we got pretty good line of sight in the near term on nuclear fuel, David just given from the standpoint of the fuel in the reactor, and then you've got your upcoming fuel reloads and those that as you kind of go through the years, the near term is pretty well-hedged and known, and that's on top of the fuel that's in the reactor. So I think we're in pretty good shape for the pursuit for the foreseeable future. 
David Arcaro: Got it. Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to clarify on the collateral postings. It's great to see that they've come down maybe sooner than expected. I was wondering if you could just remind us of how the collateral kind of falls off through the year and is that earlier than you had previously anticipated I think $800 million that you were able to pay down earlier? Is that helpful for EPS in terms of taking some of the short term debt off the balance sheet for this year?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, David, we've said before, if you think about most of the price differential and most of the period that we do have hedged, a lot of what we would expect to see is that those positions would roll off through '23 and into the winter of '24 was where the bigger element of the totals were. And so that timing is fairly consistent. I think, to the extent that you saw prices come down, you're going to see a lower overall balance to the extent that they go back up that'll continue to move. So it will continue to be dynamic, but to the extent that that stays a little bit lower as we run through these next 12 months, we would have less overall collateral posted and that would be a benefit.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Are you back?
Durgesh Chopra: I am. Can you hear me now? 
Ralph LaRossa: We can.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, sorry about that. It was actually my headset. So Dan, thank you. I heard all of that. I appreciate it. Just the lift that was roughly another 20% to 30% that would reduce the pension volatility by and so if you were able to get that successfully, the uplift successfully executed that would essentially basically kind of the 50% of the pension expense volatility would have been taken care of includes [indiscernible] order last week. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think you mean the list out. Right.
Durgesh Chopra: Yes. That's right.
Dan Cregg: So I think that's a good way to think about if you think about building blocks, you'll have an element related to the utility with respect to the unrecognized losses, and then you would have another element which would be of comparable size. I think the way you're thinking about the math is right. There is the only caveat is again, as you do go through times, you'll see the different cost components and return components changed a little bit. So you could see some of them, but I think that's a fair way to think about it there.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. And just one last one again in terms of timing, you might have said that, expect an update sometime this year. So by Analysts Day or Investor Day in March, we shouldn't be expecting that you get a you get a bench and lift out, right. That's coming later in the year?
Dan Cregg: That's the right way to think about it. Yes.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you so much. I appreciate it again, guys. And thank you for bringing me back in time to ask my questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Anytime Durgesh.
Ralph LaRossa: Take care of the headset.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Ralph, how are you. Great. Yes, I didn't want to like front run the hour, say too much here. But just can you maybe give us a little preview of what else to expect just in terms of new disclosures? I mean, I imagine the growth rate and all that is kind of set. But in terms of like some of the nuclear things you alluded to, or we get some more flavor there. And then I guess on offshore wind side, it sounds like that timings not really tied to the analyst day?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, that's not. Look I would say this The Michael, if you walk out of that meeting with even more confidence in our ability to execute on the things that we've been talking about that would be my goal for that investor meeting. We've done that over the last year in some crazy turbulent times. And I think that you'll see more of that. And I want you to walk out of that meeting with more confidence. So more than doubling down on some of the things that we've got planned in the utility. And that should be the real highlight of the conversation a little more about our thoughts about how to respond to the governor's call for action.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. And then I think this kind of got asked a little bit, but just on the offshore wind proceeds. So it sounds like the $200 million you already got back is not a big needle mover. But when you stack that on top of what you could potentially get for GSOE. I'd imagine that's a little more material. So kind of as we think about where those proceeds could go. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, and just so we are 100% clear, we have not received the $200 million back yet, right? That's in the process with our partner, and we're going through dotting the I's and crossing the T's in that whole conversation. So more to come on that front. But I think the materiality of the GSOE is a TBD. And we'll see what the market gives us on that front. And then Dan, and the team will do what Dan and the team have done for many years and put it to the best use.
Michael Sullivan: Sorry. So are you suggesting that it could end up being in material like is there a reason that no actually worth anything?
Ralph LaRossa: No, I just don't want to, we're not building a plan that's built that's based on getting some New York bight multiples on it. So I don't want people to walk away with some inflated opinion on what those acres are going to be worth. We'll see what the market comes back with.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, fair enough. Okay. Thanks very much.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it. Good to chat with you guys.
Ralph LaRossa: It's been a while. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It's been a second year. Absolutely. I'm so just with respect to how you guys want to come back to this real quickly. A couple different moving pieces. First off, if I heard right in the comments, BGS here, you guys are moving away from that seems like a slightly more important strategic decision after years of benefiting there. Can you talk about that a little bit here, again, obviously not a big contribution. But then also related here, probably more critical and looking forward here what's your latest interpretation of the PTC and how that interplays with your 24 hedges and ultimately how you think about hedging right now, considering what IRS may or may not do?
Ralph LaRossa: I want to give that to Dan to give you details on it. But that is not a recent move on our part. We have been moving away over time on the BGSS and I think we've BGS and we've talked about that for a while on that BGSS for BGS and we've been we've been doing that if it's a different product, right? It's more of a shape product than a than a baseball product that are nuclear plants with support but Dan will give you a lot more details on that and the GMP.
Dan Cregg: Yes, just to just to be super clear, Julian if you think about it, the BGS product is a default product in New Jersey on the electric side of the business. And so PCG power has used that as a hedge for a long time and PCG power had nuclear and fossil units and had a very shaped output, seasonality by virtue of having both nuclear and fossil generation. And as we sold the fossil units, and we still had some BGS obligations you think about those are three years at a time that was not an ideal fit for nuclear, which is more shaped in a more of a block power. And so really don't take too much from the sale of the BGS. It just those remaining legacy tranches were not a good fit for a nuclear output that looks more like block shape power. What is not is related to the BGSS, which is basic gas supply service that we provide to PSE&G Ng, and actually can leverage some of that excess capacity in a way that we've done for many years and will continue to do that. So the move away is for just the small remaining legacy tranches that we had on BGS on the electric side, that were taken on three years at a time and unrelated to BGSS. With respect to the interpretations, I would love to have more of an interpretation than I do right now. But we don't have guidance from Treasury related to how they will define grocery seats in determining what the PTC will be based upon. And so we are still a little bit at the mercy of what Treasury will do. I think the outcome of the PTC's is going to be positive and supportive. But the exact dynamics of exactly what numbers you would use to figure out what that's going to be is undetermined by that I mean to the other part of your question how they will account for hedges in their calculation. And so that's the guidance we're still waiting upon. I think that the outcome will influence how we will end up hedging the nuclear units. We will try to align with how they will define grocery seats so that ultimately the PTC that we get will kind of fit the overall mechanism as it's supposed to work. And we can end up with that steady ultimate result at the PTC threshold or above if the markets are higher and so we're still a little bit of a waiting game. And I don't even have a date to tell you when Treasury is going to come out with it. The PTC has come into play for the first time in Cal 24. Obviously, companies like ours hedge in advance of that. So I'd love to have information sooner rather than later. But other elements of the IRA do kick in 2023. So we have not heard back from Treasury, any guidance with respect to how they're thinking about that exact definition.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And related here with their second New Jersey stakeholders. Any update in the how you're thinking about treating it? There any changes in that construct, as you think about like a belt and suspenders of the federal program here? And we heard some comments from your peers here.
Ralph LaRossa: No, I mean, look, I think the upshot is that to the extent that PTC is a payment for the attribute, and ZEC is the payment for the attribute, we will net back that amount to the state. And that was in the original ZEC legislation that was put together. And so I think if that's net over the long run, this is going to be a very good thing for New Jersey because the payment for the attribute that's going to help nuclear ensure that it does have financial backing is going to be borne by the federal government rather than just New Jersey, and that'll be a positive thing on the bills over the long run.
Dan Cregg: And I would I would just support that by just saying from a belt and suspenders standpoint, I think anything we do here we be enough and policymakers in New Jersey would be for next generations. It's not something that would be belt and suspenders for anything near the near term. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Understood what you mean by that. Appreciate that. All right. Excellent. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate it. Actually one last quick one on power, just if you don't mind with respect to all the commentary from the governor's office, etc. are you thinking about updating investments around power and the opportunities to maximize value of those assets here? And we've seen some commentary again, from some of your peers there but again, given what's going on with the governor, etc. I'm just curious if that is even more of an opportunity.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think that was the PTC and that's in my opening remarks a little bit there Julian was all about hey, we potentially do some upgrades to Salem some change in the fuel cycle at Hope Creek and then long term extension of the licenses themselves. Not to mention everybody's talking about hydrogen element. But we'll talk a little bit more about that all on March 10.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. That's what I thought. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hello good morning.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just really quick just the extension of the licenses. Is that already reflected in the depreciation schedule of the assets?
Ralph LaRossa: No.
Paul Patterson: And how much might that lower the level of depreciation?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So the depreciation runs through 2036, 2040, 2046 for the New Jersey, and 2053, 2054, for the Pennsylvania units, and so those are presumptive of the extensions that gets you to those dates. But we've talked about those two things going on we talked about is the potential for another extension in New Jersey. That is not what is in place right now. And also, you may recall, [indiscernible] point had some questions raised by the NRC about their existing license extension, which has not changed what we have done. We believe that that will be restored without any change. And so with respect to the incremental 20 years, I don't have a number off the top of my head as to what that would do to us. But we can, that's easy math, I think that's all available. We could get that to you Paul.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Just over the years, we've seen different companies recognize these depreciation changes because of license extensions at different times. Some do it even before they file with the NRC. Some do it only when they get the NRC is official ruling on it. Any thoughts about when we might see the depreciation benefit show?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think it's most likely what we have in hand, the extension.
Ralph LaRossa: And Paul let me just reiterate what Dan said about the timing. You got 36, 40 and 46 on these units. And normally, you would apply in about 10 years in advance. So just to kind of set the timeframe for you as to when the application going, we're just talking about it because it would be within the five years of our business plan.
Paul Patterson: Okay, got you. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: For the work done. Probably not for the receipt of the extension.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thank you. 
Ralph LaRossa: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question. 
Travis Miller: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. 
Ralph LaRossa: Morning Travis.
Travis Miller: On the transmission, the onshore of the offshore transmission, any update on solicitations or development there anything along those lines?
Ralph LaRossa: No. We're waiting on that as well. I don't expect anything in the very near term on that. I think the BPU is committed to seeing through the work that they've approved so far, but we have not. There's no indication at this point on the timing of any new solicitations.
Travis Miller: Okay, is a gating factor is the development in future off for when or would there be additional transmission for current?
Ralph LaRossa: I think a bunch of it has to do with the IRA and understanding how the tax treatment would be for a wire whether it's a wired it's deemed a generator lead or a wired deemed offshore transmission. So once they get through that process, I think there'll be some better idea of five times.
Travis Miller: Okay, makes sense. And then I said I mentioned about the rate case at the end of the year. Anything unusual about that that would come out or just typical operating costs, capital updates? 
Dan Cregg: No, just typical. Okay, that's all I had. Appreciate it.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Travis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question. 
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Ralph. Good morning Dan.
Ralph LaRossa: How are you?
Anthony Crowdell: Good. Just two quick ones, want to follow up from Durgesh’s two parter. You talked about maybe two of the three parts you were going to use to mitigate pension volatility. I think the third party didn't talk about was a pension tracker that you're going to ask for and rate case have filed the end of the year. Any feedback or discussion you've had with policymakers on support or anything around that?
Ralph LaRossa: I'll start and Dan can add anything he wants to put there. But look at the end of the day, whether it's a tract or any other kind of mechanism, we absolutely plan to have a conversation with the BPU about that. I'm just very happy with the near term what we were able to accomplish. And I think the combined with the American Water Adjustment or mechanism they put in for them I think the BPU is recognizing there may be some value here for not just for the companies but for the customers as well as they look at this. So we'll continue to have a conversation. I won't get tied into a tracker or mechanism but we'll have a conversation about it. It'd be part of the [rare case].
Anthony Crowdell: And then just one last housekeeping. If I look at the long term EPS growth rate 5% to 7%, capital spending drives rate base to your 6 to 7.5 a slight difference there. There is just a difference on the book ends there. The growth at the CFIO.
Dan Cregg: Yes, because the five to seven is for enterprise and the rate base growth is solely of utility, so anything and everything and CFIO is going to be in there. And then you'll have a little bit of noise as you go through O&M and different other components. But I think I think they're largely consistent. You should think about them that way.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Anthony. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Lautenberg Dauman. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey Paul.
Paul Fremont: Hey good morning. 
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning.
Paul Fremont: Sort of a quick question on rate base growth. You guys I think had a range. But I think most of the stretch CapEx looked to be in the out years. So I was wondering how you got such a strong level of rate base growth in 2022?
Dan Cregg: The only thing I can think of. And I'm trying to interpret your question a little bit fall is whether any see web, it kind of worked its way through the numbers that could change your ultimate rate base as you go year-to-year.
Paul Fremont: Okay. Also, can you give us cents per share in terms of what change in pension cost you're assuming in 2023?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, versus 22?
Paul Fremont: Yes.
Speaker: At EI. we've given a range of $0.25 to $0.30 for pension and OPEB. And we're right within that range, that kind of around the midpoint of that range. So that's a consistent number. Obviously, EI we were estimating where we would come out, and we didn't see too much movement, either in markets or interest rates that moved us away from that. So you think about middle of that range? I'm in pretty good shape.
Paul Fremont: Okay, but you still got the accounting audit, right? And that didn't change the range is what you're saying?
Ralph LaRossa: It was assumed we had filed it at that point. And we had commented that we were optimistic that that would come through. It came through as expected. So it was part of what we were thinking at the time when we provide the range.
Paul Fremont: Great. And in terms of hedge guidance, I mean, is there a reason why we haven't seen sort of 25 hedge guidance for peg power?
Dan Cregg: No we got updated through '23 and '24. I mean, part of the answer could well be if you want to think about it this way, Paul, is that we still are awaiting what Treasury is going to do from the standpoint of, of guidance. And so that's going to be an important element as we go forward.
Paul Fremont: Okay, and then last question for me. You guys gave a gross margin per megawatt hour. Is there any guidance that you can provide on a gross margin per megawatt hour basis for peg power in 2023?
Ralph LaRossa: No, I mean, I think we've given you the overall hedge price across '23 and characterizes 95% to 100% fair. So I think you'll see that as we go through the quarters.
Paul Fremont: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Paul.
Dan Cregg: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes --
Carlotta Chan: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. No problem. And our last question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for putting me in here. Most of my questions have been answered actually. But maybe I can just ask you about the gas utility future in New Jersey. Had given the -- in the comments that are coming out from the governor and just overall focus on electrification. How do you think about kind of the setup that you have going into this? What could be a multi decade trend? Specifically, are your electric and gas territories fully overlapped in terms of customers? Like where whatever you might lose as a gas business you will gain as an electric business or are they kind of cannibalized by other utilities? How should we think about that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So it's a mixed bag for us that we have some gas only territory, some electric only territory but [indiscernible] our customers, bulk are combined. So I don't want to say it's a win-win, but it is a win-win for us to great expense. And because we're focused on all of our gas investments being in replacement activities, not new activities, but replacement activities that are going to help reduce methane, we're thinking those investments will make a ton of sense and will continue. So I actually think about this more from the standpoint of the speed in which we electrify and the cost to consumers and how we think about that. So we'll continue to drive that point. We'll be able to offset a bunch of it with the Energy Efficiency work that we've started. And we'll continue. We don't talk about our energy efficiency programs, half as much as we did in the past. But that's because it's just become such a core part of our business like any other anything else we do. So I'm thinking that the energy efficiency will help create more headroom on the bill. As we do that for customers the electrification can move faster in those areas, but for some of our urban centers, the challenges will remain and we'll have to really work closely with policymakers not to have sticker shock for everyone in the state.
Sophie Karp: Terrific, thanks so much. That’s all from me.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks Sophie. 
Carlotta Chan: Thank you.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Well, thank you. And I just three things I want to hit on. One again, our thoughts and prayers to all those who were impacted by the tragic events that we had here earlier this month. The organization is still dealing with that and will continue for probably years to come. But during that time, we have always talked a lot about the transition and leadership here. And I think Ralph Izzo and a number of other people in the past, but no time, whatever either what I want to do more than now is thank the entire team and my direct reports that have been standing here with me and been able to not only deal with the tragic events, but also to execute on a plan that you heard earlier today. We've accomplished a lot in a short period of time. We'll continue to do that. And we'll continue to build your confidence and look forward to having that conversation with you on March 10 when we meet with you at the stock exchange in New York. Thanks for calling in.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen this concludes the teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Rob and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Today's Conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, October 31, 2022, and will be available for reply as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Rob. Welcome to PSEG's third quarter 2022 earnings presentation. Joining us on the call today are Ralph LaRossa, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG; and Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our press release attachments and slides for the discussion today are posted on our Web site and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net income or loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR Web site and in today's material. Following Ralph and Dan's prepared remarks, we will conduct a 30 minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ralph.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us today. As you may know, this is my first earnings call since becoming CEO in September. And if you've met with us over the past few months, you've heard me lay out my initial action plan for PSEG to deliver value to our investors. The focus is clear and simple. Continue to grow the company through investments with appropriate risk adjusted returns, and increase the predictability of our business by reducing the variability in both financial and operating results. PSEG has a solid utility operation, a constructive regulatory and policy environment, and now a federal tax incentive for a nuclear fleet that stabilizes its cash flows for a decade. Together, these attributes make PSEG a compelling investment. Earlier today, we reported net income of $0.22 per share for the third quarter of 2022, compared to a net loss of $3.10 per share in the third quarter of 2021 that was related to the announced sale of our Fossil assets. We also reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.86 per share for this third quarter, compared to $0.98 per share in the third quarter of 2021. Results for the 9 months ended September 30 of $2.83 per share place us squarely within our guidance range. So we are narrowing our 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance to $3.40 to $3.50 per share, assuming normal operations over the remaining 2 months of 2022. We remain highly confident in the growth potential of our regulated investments and are committed to the cost discipline needed to minimize the impact of current economic conditions. We also reaffirm a 5% to 7% multiyear EPS CAGR to 2025 with the understanding that this CAGR is nonlinear. And we fully intend to deliver on our earnings guidance expectations, as we've done for the last 17 years and counting. PSE&G's investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure continue to produce rate base growth consistent with our long-term expectations. Our new infrastructure advancement program, which launches investment in a critical last mile of our distribution system, and the clean energy future investments are also supporting a wide range in decarbonization priorities, driven by our programs to expand energy efficiency, electric vehicles, solar investments and create clean energy jobs and training opportunities. Now turning to our offshore wind ventures, we are approaching a final investment decision on Ocean Wind 1 in New Jersey to determine if we will proceed to the construction phase. We are reviewing our options related to our 25% equity investment in Ocean Wind 1, as well as our option to purchase 50% of Ørsted's Skipjack 2 project and options regarding PSEG's interest in the remaining Garden State Offshore Energy lease area. Last week, the BPU completed its review of offshore wind transmission competitive proposals and awarded several onshore only projects. PSE&G was awarded 50 -- sorry, $40 million of system upgrade work needed to accommodate the injection of offshore wind generation in Central New Jersey. However, the BPU also indicated it will consider an additional solicitation to address the state's increased offshore wind generation targets. We remain optimistic that our emphasis on reliability and resiliency will keep it as a strong contender for any future offshore transmission solicitations to bring regional offshore wind projects onshore. Our Energy Strong investments in the aftermath of Sandy lifted and hardened PSE&G substations against future storms. With similar foresight, the BPU has recognized for the infrastructure advancement program, that attention is needed to address that last mile of our distribution system, and proactively replace critical components in advance of electrification. Safe and reliable operations will always be the core of our customer focus mindset. This is the focus of our team of over 12,000 dedicated employees every day in providing safe and reliable service to over 3 million customers in New Jersey and Long Island. As a result of these efforts, I'm pleased to report that both PSE&G, our nuclear operations are trending at above top quartile metrics on several key measures. In addition, PSE&G continues to receive some of its highest ever customer satisfaction ratings from J.D. Power. The 2022 hurricane season has been relatively quiet in New Jersey and Long Island, which enabled PSE&G [indiscernible] mutual aid to Florida to assist with hurricane in restoration. Our thoughts and prayers in addition to our support went out to all those impacted by Ian. I mentioned this cooperation because it is unique in our industry and we all benefit from it. On this 10-year anniversary of Superstorm Sandy, we remain acutely aware of how a single powerful storm rolling up the Atlantic Coast can permanently affect lives, destroy homes, businesses and livelihoods for extended periods of time. And we remember how grateful we were for the support we receive then. I'm also proud to announce that MSCI has raised PSEG's corporate environmental, social and governance ratings to AAA from AA, placing us at its highest rating. PSEG has also improved its score within the top tier of the 2022 CPA-Zicklin Index of corporate political disclosure and accountability. I've met and listened intently to many of you these past few months. And I recognize the importance of maintaining our financial strength, preserving our ability to grow without needing to dilute our existing shareholder base and rewarding our shareholders with a compelling common dividend yield. As we approach several critical decisions and the weeks and months ahead, I will be guided by the approach that I mentioned at the very beginning, prioritizing predictability and increasing shareholder returns. I look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Financial Conference over November 13 through November 15 where we will announce PSEG's 2023 full year earnings guidance, provide more detail around our estimate of pension impact on 2023 financials, as well as a longer term EPS growth rate. I'll now turn the call over to Dan, who will provide you with the financial review and outlook.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned, for the third quarter of 2022, PSEG reported net income of $0.22 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.86 per share. We provided you with information on Slides 8 and 10 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business, the third quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30. Slides 9 and 11 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter and year-to-date for 2022 and 2021, and non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. I will now discuss results starting with PSE&G. PSE&G's results were $0.03 higher compared to the third quarter of 2021, driven by continued capital investments in transmission, distribution and clean energy. Compared to the third quarter of 2021, transmission margin was flat as growth and rate base of $0.02 per share was offset by the combination of the August 2021 formula rate settlement which included a lower return on equity and the timing of O&M expense first recovery. For distribution, electric margin was $0.02 favorable compared to the third quarter of 2021, driven by investments in Energy Strong II and the impact of the conservation incentive program or CIP mechanism. Gas margin improved by $0.01 per share over the third quarter of 2021, reflecting recoveries of our Gas System Modernization II investments and other margin primarily related to our appliance service business also added $0.01 per share, compared with the third quarter of 2021. O&M expense was $0.01 per share unfavorable compared with the third quarter of 2021 and interest expense was $0.01 per share unfavorable reflecting higher investment. Flow-through taxes and other items had a net unfavorable impact of $0.01 per share compared to third quarter 2021, driven by the use of an annual effective tax rate. For the year to date, unfavorable flow through taxes of $0.07 per share year-over-year will reverse in the fourth quarter of 2022. Lower shares outstanding had a $0.01 per share benefit on third quarter 2022 results versus the year earlier quarter, reflecting the impact of the completed $500 million share repurchase program. And in addition, non-operating pension expense was $0.01 per share favorable compared with the third quarter 2021. Weather during the third quarter, as measured by the temperature-humidity index, or THI was 19% warmer than normal, but similar to conditions during the third quarter of 2021. With the CIP in effect, variations in weather both positive and negative have a limited impact on electric and gas margins, while enabling the widespread adoption of PSE&G's energy efficiency programs. PSE&G's system peak load exceeded 10,000 megawatts for a second summer in a row on August 9. And growth in the number of electric and gas customers has continued to track at approximately 1% for the trailing 12-month period ended September 30. Regarding our capital spending program, PSE&G invested approximately $795 million during the third quarter and $2.2 billion year-to-date through September 30. PSE&G now expects a revised capital-spending forecast of $3 billion for 2022, up from the planned 2022 capital program of $2.9 billion. The 2022 capital spending program includes transmission investment, the continued rollout of the Gas System Modernization Program II, Energy Strong II, and Clean Energy Future investments, and the Infrastructure Advancement Program focused on our distribution system’s last mile. On the regulatory front, in September of 2022, PSE&G filed a petition with the BPU requesting an accounting order with an effective date of January 1, 2023, to authorize PSE&G to modify its method for calculating pension expense for ratemaking purposes, which would partly reduce future variability in pension expense. Also in September, PSE&G filed a petition with the BPU requesting a $320 million, 9-month extension of its Clean Energy Future - Energy Efficiency program, which would serve to align future program timing with the other New Jersey electric and gas utilities. And in October, PSE&G filed its annual Transmission Formula Rate update with FERC, which increases its annual transmission revenue requirement by $69 million effective January 1, 2023. Now turning to Carbon-Free Infrastructure & Other, which reported a net loss of $285 million or $0.58 per share for the third quarter of 2022, compared with a net loss of $1,953 million, or $3.87 per share in the third quarter impacted by the Fossil sale process. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.15 per share lower in the third quarter of 2021, driven by lower margin related to the Fossil divestiture, lower capacity prices for the remaining nuclear fleet and re-contracting at lower prices. For the third quarter of 2022, electric gross margin declined by $0.29 per share, which includes re-contracting approximately 8 terawatt hours of nuclear generation at a $3 per megawatt hour lower average price. In addition, higher off-system sales at gas operations from heightened commodity volatility added $0.01 per share to total gross margin versus the third quarter of '21 with customers also benefiting from a long standing sharing mechanism in place. Cost comparisons for the third quarter of 2022 improved by $0.09 per share from the year-earlier period, driven by lower O&M, depreciation and interest expense related to the Fossil divestiture. Taxes and other were $0.04 per share favorable versus the third quarter of 2021. During '21, the Solar Source sale was reflected in June, cessation of Fossil depreciation began in August onward as the assets were held-for-sale, and the retirement of PSEG Power’s outstanding debt occurred in October. And accordingly, the majority of the favorable cost comparisons related to the Fossil divestiture occurred in the first half of 2022. Nuclear generating output declined slightly to approximately 8 terawatt hours in the third quarter of 2022, reflecting the ramp down of Hope Creek and Peach Bottom 2 into the fourth quarter refueling outages. The capacity factor of the nuclear fleet for the year-to-date period through September 30 was 94.3%. PSEG forecasts generation output of approximately 7 terawatt hours for the fourth quarter of 2022, and has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of this production at an average price of $27 megawatt hour. For '23, PSEG is forecasting nuclear baseload output of 30 to 32 terawatt hours and has hedged 95% to 100% of this output at an average price of $30 a megawatt hour. For 2024, PSEG is forecasting nuclear baseload output of 29 to 31 terawatt hours and has hedged 55% to 60% of this output at an average price of $32 a megawatt hour. As of September 30, 2022, our total available credit capacity was $3.4 billion, including a $1 billion at PSE&G. PSEG Power had net cash collateral postings of $2.2 billion at September 30 related to out-of-the-money hedge positions as a result of higher energy prices and that amount was $1.7 billion through last Friday. The majority of this collateral relates to hedges in place through the end of '23 and is expected to be returned as PSEG Power satisfies its obligations under those contracts, or if market prices decline in the interim. In July of 2022, PSEG repaid a $1.25 billion short-term loan that was due in August. Following the repayment of this term loan, PSEG had outstanding a total of $2 billion of 364 day term loans expiring April, May of 2023 to support power collateral needs. And PSEG Power had outstanding of $1.25 billion term loan expiring March of 25. Combined, these term loans comprise $3.25 billion of variable rate debt. And during September and October, we entered into interest rate swaps from floating to fixed for $1.05 billion of our outstanding term loans, reducing variable rate debt exposure. Moody's recently published updated credit opinions for PSEG, PSE&G and PSEG Power with credit ratings and outlooks remaining unchanged. Regarding the potential headwinds of pension impact on 2023 costs, we continue to monitor several items that will influence the pension calculations when we take the actual measure on December 31. We will assess the net impact of various factors including the decline of financial markets year-to-date, updating the discount rate and interest component, setting the expected return on planned assets for 2023 and the inclusion of the impact of the petition filed with the BPU earlier this year. We will include an estimate of the impacts of pension on our 2023 earnings guidance, which as Ralph said, we will provide at EEI. As Ralph also mentioned earlier, we've narrowed our 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance to $3.40 to $3.50 per share, with regulated operations contributing approximately 90% of the total. For the full year, PSE&G's forecast of 2022 net income is narrowed to $1,545 million to $1,575 million, reflecting strong transmission and distribution margin growth in the year-to-date period. 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings for CFIO is now forecasted at $160 million to $180 million, reflecting higher interest costs. PSEG's 2022 earnings guidance excludes financial results from the divested Fossil assets. That concludes our prepared remarks. So we can now open up the line to begin the question-and-answer session.
Carlotta Chan: Just as a reminder, before we go to Q&A, I'd ask you to state your name and your firm and that we ask you to limit your questions to one and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible. Rob, you can start the queue. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning. Good morning. How are you doing?
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Shar. Good.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. So, again, Ralph, as we are kind of getting closer to year-end and we still see continued turbulence in the market, what are some of the moving pieces around offsetting pension headwind? Is it your regulatory filing? Is that enough to cushion some of the drag as we're thinking about '23? And is that kind of a contributing factor for the removal of that 5% to 7% language, which I think caused a lot of investor confusion this morning, even though you just verbally reiterated. Can you just elaborate on this and kind of what you mean by nonlinear for modeling purposes? Thanks.
Ralph LaRossa: Sure, Shar. So a couple of things. There's -- if you just look at the pension, there were three factors that we've been looking to offset the pension impacts and the headwinds from the market that you referenced. One, the filing that we made at the BPU, I think we've talked about that being around 20% or so the pension impact. We've got the lift out that Dan has been working on, and I'd say that's in the same 20% to 30% range. And then O&M offsets that we've been working on inside the building, which, again, we've talked about for quite some time, we're not going to do anything that's short sighted, but looking for O&M offsets that we possibly can tab that will stay in place, even post rate case when we make that filing in '23, which will be effective in '25. That -- those three pieces there together are kind of what we are looking at to offset the pension. And then the 5% to 7% specifically addressed that, we -- that we always have said is nonlinear. I think we've talked about that quite a bit on prior calls. So we have a test year in '22 that we're going to be filing in '23 and then we expect rates to be effective in '25. So inherent in that will be an uplift, and kind of drives a little bit of what we talked about as being nonlinear.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. But just to reiterate, you have not removed the language around 5% to 7%.
Ralph LaRossa: We have not. We are committed to the 5% to 7% through '25.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect.
Ralph LaRossa: Through '25.
Shar Pourreza: Great. And then just lastly, I guess, Ralph, as we're sort of thinking about your offshore wind segment and sort of the remaining nuclear assets in a sale or retention scenario. We could see some interesting public marks on both fairly soon from some of your Eastern peers. I mean, Ralph, you've been in the helm now for a few months. So you're ready to go. I mean what's your latest thinking here? Are you waiting for public signals to decide what you want to do and where the value is? Is the Analyst Day, the right podium to announce any strategic paths? If any, I guess, how are you sort of thinking about the non-distribution business as you've taken your seat, right?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, so Shar, split those into two pieces, right. First, first of all, wind standpoint that we’ve been pretty uneven. We've mentioned it in my prepared remarks that we are looking at FID on the -- on Ocean Wind 1, that's the project in New Jersey. So one of the things we're looking at there is where the costs come in, and where we finally -- what that project looks like from an investment standpoint, that's pretty straightforward. And then for our Skipjack and other projects, we're certainly looking at what might be out there from a mark, as you said, whether it's from some of our peers, or for some other entity. So there's -- I think the offshore wind is pretty straightforward. Transmission, obviously, as we talked about, again, very happy to see what the BPU did, might not seem to make a lot of sense when I say that, but the BPU kind of kicking the can and moving. That decision later is the right thing to do from a -- for the ratepayers in New Jersey. There's some uncertainty around the tax treatment of the copper that will be in the water. And so I think what they did there made a ton of sense, and just focus onshore for the time being. So that kind of ties together everything from a offshore standpoint. Then from a nuclear standpoint, look, this may not be the most popular. But I think again, you still need more and more time there. There's a lot of details to be worked out in the treasury rates. When those are worked out and we see some marks in the marketplace, we should be in a very good position to tell whether or not as my predecessor Ralph Izzo said multiple times, there's whether or not we're the natural owners.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. Congrats, Ralph on your first earnings call. And we'll see you guys in a couple of weeks.
Ralph LaRossa: Looking forward to it.
Dan Cregg: See you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, David.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Maybe on the pension first, I think you can clarify or give a little bit more color around the lift out approach that that you mentioned could be pursued for a portion of the pension. And I was just curious if there are any other regulatory approaches that could be pursued as kind of a follow-on to what you've already requested with the BPU?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, so Dan is going to give you more in a lift out. Just the other obvious regulatory solution we could is when we file for the rate cases to put in a pension tracker, and at this point, we fully expect to be doing that in our rate filing, but I will give Dan the mic to talk a little more about the lift out.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And David really there's -- I think the easiest way to think about that is just if the pension is giving us some variability within results, then having it be smaller would give us less variability. And in that same vein, we continue to have a pension that is well funded. Yet we have seen assets decline as I think every pension fund in the country have, but we've also seen discount rates come down. And as they come down in parallel, the fund stays pretty well funded. But you can do a lift out, which essentially would be taking some of the assets and taking some of the obligations and moving them to an appropriate creditworthy entity and have that be housed elsewhere. And it just essentially would shrink the size of the pension. We are beginning down a path of that exploration. And I think to the extent that we find that to be a successful way to go, we would inform you at that time, but it's also would have the effect of just basically shrinking the overall pension and therefore, the overall variability of it. So I think that's the way to think about it, and we'll continue to keep you posted as we continue to go down that path.
David Arcaro: Okay, got it. Great. That's helpful. And then, Ralph, you mentioned a little bit on the offshore wind transmission opportunity, but I was just curious given maybe what you saw with the BPU's decisions and elections within this first solicitation and how the other bidders approached it. Any thoughts on how you might look at future opportunities, whether you still think you can be competitive and how you might respond in terms of setting up other future project designs for [indiscernible]?
Ralph LaRossa: Sure. So the selection that the BPU made was, again, focused onshore, right? And I'd like to just think about the state, North Central and South, the southern part of New Jersey has a lot of, what I'll call, takeaway capability already on a transmission system because we had Oyster Creek retire and Bill England retire in the southern part of the state. So that onshore transmission system was pretty well set up for -- to take onshore -- offshore generation. The northern part of the state is also has a pretty robust transmission system because a lot of the work that we've done at PSEG over the past 10 years, 15 years after we started to get approval from projects after the 2003 blackout. So then that kind of left the central part of the state and that project that was approved for JCP&L's Larrabee substation and again, very consistent with the need to have to take more takeaway ability from the Shoreline into New Jersey. So not a lot of learned from that. That was all the information that we had and we would have expected to be in place. I think what we've all learned, both us and our competitors, is what others are thinking about and how they're both from a financial standpoint, but also from an engineering standpoint, how they were going to design the offshore grid. We think our Mesh network is absolutely the most resilient and most robust. We are very proud of that design, keep the lines in and we are very unique in how we did that. And for all 11,000 megawatts, I'm absolutely convinced that you need that robust solution to be in place. So I think we all learn from each other and the next set of bids will be more robust as a result of that. So looking forward to it. But I am confident that our design is a really good design and will meet the reliability and resiliency to state demands.
David Arcaro: Okay. Appreciate that. Thanks so much.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time and the opportunity. Hope you guys are well.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Looking forward to seeing you guys soon. Hey, thank you. Just following up on Shar's question here, if I can. Just to break down your expectation for an update versus your reaffirmation of the '22 through '25, 5% to 7%, is the -- is what you're prepared to disclose in the coming weeks more around rolling that forward here? Are we talking about keeping '22 as the baseline? I know because of this nonlinearity, I think folks going to be very focused on this piece. Or is this about including the nonutility businesses as well within the EPS guide [ph]? Can you give us a little bit more of a flavor of how you're thinking about that relative to what you just reaffirmed on the call here?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Well, Julien, I won't front run what we're going to do in EEI much, but I will tell you that we think about the business is the business we have in front of us at the moment, and we'll look at it from that direction. We'll give you '23 guidance, and then we will extend the guidance beyond that. So that's the way we are thinking about it and the way you should be thinking about it and be prepared for EEI.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to clarify, would that be based off of '23? And then also, are you assuming 2024 here has the PTC in effect versus the hedge in terms of an uplift?
Ralph LaRossa: Well, so think about what you just asked me from a PTC and a hedge standpoint, right, that exactly is the core issue that I was raising earlier, which is treasury regs and how that's going to come out, right? So we will pick one of those and give you some guidance based upon that. And for '22, '23, Julien, you can use '21 as the baseline, right? You have all that data. So whatever CAGR you decide to use going forward, but we will talk to you about '23 and we will talk to you about future years.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. But you feel covered off of using baseline of '21 and '22 still?
Ralph LaRossa: You can use '20 or go back to '19, I'll go back and however you want to go, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I love it. I love it.
Ralph LaRossa: We will give you the CAGR -- we will give you the CAGR going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wonderful. Thank you, guys very much. See you then. Good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Thanks -- hey, how are you? Thanks so much for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask on the hedges. I think your hedge percentages are unchanged for '24. So I guess my question here is just why not do more? Can you just give us an update on your general hedging strategy for the nuclear assets, please?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. And I'm going to ask Dan to give you a little more color on this. But again, I will point everyone back to the regs that are needed out of treasury and some of the guidance there. So there's -- it's a balance as to how we are going to be looking at this both from a PTC standpoint, and frankly, our ZEC [ph] process and everything in between. So Dan, if you want to give a little more?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, Nick, if you take a look at 2022, 2023, essentially fully hedged for those years and really where there's some open is into those years where the PTC comes about. And so Ralph's exactly right, trying to make sure that we understand the backdrop of the PTC is going to be important. I'd say that by the same token, we have seen some decline in markets in the near-term, but those declines really have been mostly focused on '22 and '23, and we've seen the back end hold up fairly well. So we are, I'd say, within the same ranges that we've provided. It doesn't mean we are in exactly the same place. But I think keeping an eye on what happens down in treasury and as well as keeping an eye on markets is how we are approaching things as we go forward.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. So I guess just on the lift out as it pertains to the pension, I think you said potentially can mitigate 20% to 30% of the impact. Is that something that we should have clarity on by year-end? Or is that something that you're continuing to work through maybe it's more of an Analyst Day item? And then just as I think about transacting on that lift out and the overall contribution to EPS, is it a headwind, like i.e., a step down headwind to the 5 to 7 CAGR? Or is it just one -- more one-time in nature and reduces volatility going forward? Just trying to think through like how a decision like that could impact '23 and '24? Thanks.
Dan Cregg: Yes. So probably somewhere -- I'd say Analyst Day is probably the right approximate time for that. It's going to depend upon how our analysis has gone on for us to give you a little bit more detail about it. And I think that at the highest level, one of the ways to think about what happens from the pension perspective is you determine an estimated return on your assets and you have a discount rate for your liabilities. And those comparisons -- and that gap really determines what you see coming out of it. So if you assume that you're going to earn north of the discount rate than a smaller pension while having less volatility would also have less of a contribution. We would certainly include that in whatever guidance we were to give. But I think as we've seen interest rates come up, we've seen discount rates come up, there's not a whole lot of daylight between those two. So whatever we give you will be based upon our plans at the time and our calculations at the time. And I think it's probably around Analyst Day when we will be able to firm that up for you.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, that would be my expectation that could be around Analyst Day.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thanks so much. Really appreciate it. See you in a few weeks there.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time here. Hey, just on the pension discussion, can you remind us what the regulated versus non-regulated mix of pension is? Is it still around 80% regulated toward pension?
Dan Cregg: It's closer to 70, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. 70%. And so when we think about the lift out, are we thinking -- I'm just trying to see the 20 -- is it -- could you lift out the regulated portion of the pension too? Or is it just the non-regulated portion? I'm just wondering if there's any state opposition or regulatory opposition to lifting out the regulated portion of the pension?
Ralph LaRossa: Durgesh, I think it would be premature for us to get into that level of detail at this point. So some work to be done. And again, I think our expectation and try to set for you is that we will have those kind of details at Analyst Day.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Ralph LaRossa: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Ralph LaRossa: Good morning, Jeremy.
Dan Cregg: How are you?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Just wanted to start off with offshore wind, if I could here. How do you view offshore risk -- offshore wind risk currently, particularly given some of the high-profile development or other projects that have kind of implied a degradation of returns in this inflationary environment?
Ralph LaRossa: Jeremy, I think, look, where these projects are no different from some of the other projects that you've been reading about. But we have been steadfast in that front running our partner who has 75% stake in this so, and Ørsted had their call coming up in the future, and I will let them talk to that level of the detail. But certainly at a very high-level what you've been seeing with others is consistent with what we've been seeing with our projects here.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense there. And I was just wondering as it relates to power, if you could walk us through the return of your collateral postings on power hedges. And is it kind of fair to think of these financings as the incremental drag in the current environment? And are there any kind of offsets looking versus that?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think -- if you think about our overall hedging picture at our percent hedge, 2022 is mostly behind us, 2023 is where most of the hedges are. So you would see most of that collateral come back as we go through 2023. And so as that cash comes back to us, frankly, there's two ways that it could. You could see market moves, which could move it up or down. But over time, as you deliver on those contracts, you would see that coming back to you. And so frankly, what that's going to do is it's going to lessen the overall cash needs that we have and ultimately reduce some of those borrowings. And so as that cash comes back, you can almost think about it as just taking out those borrowings over time.
Ralph LaRossa: And if you look at the -- like the second to last paragraph in our release, we've dropped from $2.2 billion to $1.7 billion, and that's exactly a reflection of the moves in the market over that time frame that's listed there since the end of September into the end of October. So Dan's explanation is completely aligned with what we have there in that release.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks and Ralph, congratulations on your first call.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Steve. Good to have you on.
Steve Fleishman: I've been looking forward to this for a long time, yes. So just -- so obviously, you said you're going to give '23 guidance at EEI and then you've reaffirmed the 5% to 7% to '25. Is there -- are you going to give some kind of path of how you go from whatever you give to '23 to get to that end game, 5% to 7% in '25, so we have kind of a view with that?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, we absolutely will.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That would be very helpful. And then secondly, given the pension impact in '23 as well as the kind of going into the rate case test year, is it fair to assume that you maybe are kind of under earning in 2023 …
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I wouldn’t …
Steve Fleishman: … as you going with this rate case?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Steve, I don't usually like to -- if you point to that, but I would not make an assumption one way or the other on that about how we're entering that test year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Lastly, just on nuclear, Ralph, you've talked about the kind of better visibility of nuclear, but also trying to kind of reduce volatility. Obviously, at the floor price, super visible and a lot of certainty. But at higher prices, in theory, there is great news, great returns, but more variability. Just any thoughts on how that fits into your framework that you've talked about?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, 100%. I think, look, a lot of that gets back to the hedging strategy and what makes sense from a treasury rate standpoint. So I think we need to see that visibility, understand what the potential volatility is down the road and then also look at what growth we potentially have from that business and put all three of those pieces together and determine whether or not it fits. And that's -- it's exactly what we've been talking about, and it's not going to happen tomorrow, but we need those regs in place. We need to understand what those growth opportunities are in and we need to see what these marks are.
Steve Fleishman: Growth being stuff like hydrogen, you mean or something else?
Ralph LaRossa: You've got -- we've talked a little bit about some growth opportunities that we now have in front of us because the revenue stream is more certain, right? So simple things like fuel cycles. There's a couple of those things that are out there as well that we've mentioned in the past, we would not have pursued based upon a 3-year ZEC cycle. But now with a much longer runway out of the PTC, we have those opportunities in front of us.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Yes. So, Steve, I mean, I think implied in your question is you do have that floor, which is helpful from a variability standpoint if you're above it. You're happy to be above it because you had a higher value location. And then the challenge really just is trying to manage whatever variability does happen there. But frankly, that's a -- it's a better place to be, obviously, if you're above that floor, right?
Steve Fleishman: Agree. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller: Thanks for taking my question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Travis.
Travis Miller: Hi. When you think back to the offshore winds discussion, if you weren't to go forward with that or if you were to sell out of that, how do you think about capital allocation over the next 4 to 5 years?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, frankly, Travis, it's -- right now, that is one of the options that's there. I think we've talked a little bit about the other side of offshore wind, which could be some transmission work. And we've referenced that as being somewhere in the $2 billion to $7 billion range for our 50-50 partnership. And so there is still a degree of capital that, I think and as Ralph alluded to before, with the state's target of 11,000 megawatts, we will still continue to look for whether that solution does make some sense. Beyond that, predominantly, capital would be going to the utility part of the business. I think there continues to be areas to invest within the utility, and that would be the number one place where we deploy capital.
Ralph LaRossa: And just again, we are still hopeful on that offshore transmission and a full Mesh network. I think there's an opportunity there in addition to the core utility activities. And all of this, though, as we've been kind of teeing up, will come together at the investor conference.
Travis Miller: Okay. And I think you answered my second question, but on your update on the opportunity set in terms of dollars for that transmission, the offshore-related transmission, is that the $2 billion to $7 billion?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I mean there's -- yes, again, just based upon the selection that was made by the BPU of just focused on the onshore portions of work that was required that a large part of that opportunity set is still in front of us.
Travis Miller: Okay. And so that would be both the onshore and the, say, under the sea [multiple speakers]?
Ralph LaRossa: Most of what's needed and most of what we were in our bids were offshore. There's a little piece of onshore that work that could be done up in the northern part of the state, as I kind of laid out earlier kind of think about those three doors or entry points into New Jersey for offshore wind. The largest amount of work that was needed was in the central part of the state, in Jersey Central Power & Light territory, but a little bit for us up in the North, if that entry point is selected.
Travis Miller: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Travis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Dan Cregg: Hey, Paul.
Ralph LaRossa: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So just -- I apologize if I missed it, but the BPU order on the pension accounting, when are you expecting them to act on that?
Dan Cregg: Yes. We -- our petition had requested a response by year-end. We have some discovery and so that there's activity that has gone on, on it, but they will act on their own time. But our request was to see if we could get that in place by year-end. And probably as importantly, to have it be effective year-end. So there's potential if we get something modestly after that, that it could still be effective as of year-end, but that was the anticipation and that's where things stand.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then on the wind, given what you're saying about the economics and how they might be similar to others, how should we think about FID sort of the steps that we should be looking out for here in terms of the potential for asking for a change in the contract? Or would there actually be rebidding? Or should we think about -- I mean, just sort of how should we think about the time line associated with your review process and the FID thing, given the changed economics?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, Paul, again, our FID decision is our decision to invest in the joint venture. The joint ventures decision as to whether or not they want to talk to the state or customers, or however they want to do that, that's with the joint venture. And I leave that to our partners Ørsted to talk about if they so choose.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But I guess what I'm wondering is, it would seem to me that your decision would be dependent upon the JV's actions and the response to the JV's actions. Do you follow what I'm saying? I thought [multiple speakers].
Ralph LaRossa: [Indiscernible] might be independent, right? And that's the point I wanted to make to you. We could go in either direction.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Ralph LaRossa: And they're not dependent upon each other, whether it's changes in the revenue or changes in the expenses. One of those things could impact our decision, but I would also tell you that they may not.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just what's the timing that we should think about with respect to the FID decision?
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, there's no set time and we've talked about that on a number of prior calls. That is a decision that joint venture will make based upon what contracts they choose to enter into and in what time line. So again, we've left that to the majority owner to speak to. But there is no set time line in any of our contracts as next date, there will be a decision.
Dan Cregg: It's not a calendar date, Paul. It's just really FID moves you to the construction phase of the project. And so it's when things are ready to move to that phase.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Hi, everybody and thanks for taking my question. Given the EPS growth guidance through 2025, the new PTC through 2032 and to be made decision around transacting the nuclear decision, how are you thinking about managing the 2025 Power debt maturities to be able to continue your EPS growth rate under the various scenarios?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, Ryan, it will depend upon overall cash needs and overall revenue picture. I mean we would determine what the best magnitude of debt would be at that entity based upon what that -- the overall economics that can be supported there and what makes sense there. So we don't have an absolute number, but we do have in place is a 3-year term loan that sits at Power and runs to '25 and that's what was put in place after the sale of Fossil. And so as we get a little closer to that date, we will be looking at all that to make that determination.
Ryan Levine: Is there any consideration to amend and extend the duration to be able to provide more earnings smoothness or keep things more visible?
Dan Cregg: The duration of the debt?
Ryan Levine: Yes.
Dan Cregg: Yes. We will do what makes sense as we approach that maturity or even before if it makes sense to do it before. But there's -- that will come as we step towards that maturity time frame.
Ryan Levine: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. LaRossa for closing comments.
Ralph LaRossa: Okay. Thanks. Well, first of all, thank you for participating in the first call that I've had. I was -- I appreciate the interest and the opportunity to talk to all of you. I also just want to reiterate in this forum, my thanks to our Board and to my predecessor, Ralph Izzo for this opportunity. I am internally grateful and humbled by this -- what's in front of us, but at the same time, excited and look forward to continuing the conversations and providing more clarity and more a little bit about what we are trying to do to remove some of the volatility that has been a concern for some of you at EEI. So I can't wait to have those conversations. And again, I appreciate you all calling in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 14:58:01) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Kyle and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Today's Conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode .  As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, August 2, 2022, and will be available for reply as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at http://investor.pseg.com.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning, everyone. PSEG's second quarter 2022 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our IR Web site located at www.investor.pseg.com, and on 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differs from net loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR Web site and in today's earnings material.  On today's call are Ralph Izzo, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG; Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And following their prepared remarks, Ralph LaRossa, currently our Chief Operating Officer and our next CEO, will join Ralph and Dan to take your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for a review of PSEG second quarter 2022 results. For the second quarter, PSEG reported net income of $131 million or $0.26 per share compared to a net loss of $177 million or $0.35 per share in the second quarter of 2021. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of '22 were $320 million or $0.64 per share compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $356 million or $0.70 per share in 2021 second quarter. And just a reminder and I'll repeat this several times throughout this call that the second quarter 2021 included the results from our divested Fossil assets and Solar Source. PSEG is on track to achieve our 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.35 to $3.55 per share based on results through the first six months of 2022. This is largely driven by ongoing rate based growth from regulated investments and lower costs due to the already mentioned sale of generation assets on the carbon free infrastructure side of the business. Utility earnings for the first half of 2022 are up 4% over the last year. At carbon free infrastructure, the year-over-year comparisons are skewed by our asset sales. Also, the majority of 2022âs earnings at the carbon free infrastructure and other side of the business have been realized as of June 30th. So for the balance of 2022, the utility will continue to be the main driver of PSEG's growth profile, which results squarely within our guidance range. I'm very encouraged by the revised climate compromise contained in the proposed Inflation Reduction Act that includes production tax credit provisions for existing nuclear and new offshore wind resources. We hope to see it move on to the Senate's floor this week, but more on that later. I know many of you have been following the potential for an impact to our pension results in 2023 due to the significant declines in equity and fixed income markets since the beginning of the year. Should market conditions remain stressed on our December 31st measurement date, we would anticipate noncash pension headwinds related to these market declines. December 31st is the single date that will determine the pension impact for 2023. So instead of continually updating a number as our dynamic market changes on a daily basis, we would rather simply assure you that in the interim we are actively developing plants to counteract the potential near term headwinds to the extent they remain at year end. I want to emphasize that our pension remains very well funded and does not, I repeat, does not require any cash contributions for the foreseeable future. From a funding perspective, our pensions were approximately 95% funded at year end 2021, and the increase in the discount rate year-to-date has kept the funding ratio in a comparable place to year end. Rest assured that we will work tirelessly to mitigate the potential future headwinds including pension, supply chain and general inflationary pressures. I hope you will see through these near term challenges and recognize what we see that the underlying fundamental utility growth story of PSE&G remains intact, and that our valuation will reflect the improved business mix and overall derisking that continues, all of which gives us the confidence to reiterate our multiyear 5% to 7% EPS CAGR from the midpoint of 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance to 2025. We remain focused on improving our system reliability and resiliency, further derisking the business overall and maximizing affordability for our customers. The statewide moratorium on shutoffs for residential electric and gas service was lifted in mid-March 2022 and collections and shutoffs have since restarted. However, New Jersey did passed legislation after the moratorium ended that provided protection from shutoffs to customers who applied for payment assistance programs by June 15th of '22. We applicants for assistance are protected from shutoffs while awaiting their application determination. As a result, PSE&G continues to experience higher accounts receivable aging, which we expect will take the next several years to reset to historical levels. PSE&G's electric distribution bad debt expense is recoverable through its societal benefits clause mechanism and has deferred as incremental gas distribution bad debt expense, as well as other incremental COVID-19 costs to future recovery, which will likely take place in our next distribution base rate case. Our regulatory framework in New Jersey continues to be constructive. Working with the BPU staff and Rate Counsel, we reached the settlement to begin work this quarter on the infrastructure advancement program. The BPU approved the settlement in June. And over the next four years, we will invest $500 million to extend reliability improvements, inclusive of the last mile of our distribution system as we prepare the grid for the rapid transition to electric vehicles and enable a greater integration of renewable energy resources. Turning to our efforts on the environmental, social and governance or ESG front, we are continuing our internal preparations to finalize company wide emission reduction goals, and we will be submitting those targets to the United Nations backed Science Based Targets initiative for validation that they are in fact consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius or less. We have until September of 2023 to finalize and submit our targets for validation, although we're aiming to present our pathways before that, which will address all three scopes of PSEG's emissions reduction goals. Let me turn now to commodity markets, where we've seen a continued increase in electric and natural gas prices during the second quarter. And although some PJM prices have moderated recently, prices remain at high levels. With gas and electricity supply costs, which are a pass through at PSE&G, comprising approximately 40% to 45% of a typical residential gas and electric bill, we are keenly focused on controlling costs to minimize the impact of rising commodity costs on these customer bills and maximizing affordability. On the electric side, PSE&G contracts for its default BGS, basic generation service, as we often refer to it, requirements on a three year rolling basis, and each year, one third of the load is procured for a three year period. New BGS rates went into effect June 1st. And despite what I just said a moment ago, but due to a decline in actual versus assumed capacity costs, electricity bills actually declined. On the gas side, PSE&G is permitted to recover the cost of hedging up to 80% or roughly 115 Bcf of its annual residential requirements through the BGSS tariff. We recently filed for our anticipated BGSS costs to go into effect in rates before the upcoming winter season that will reflect current market prices at the time and be trued up for actual costs over subsequent time periods. On the nuclear side of the business, we remain fully hedged in 2022 and 2023 and a little more than half hedged in 2024. With our ratable base load hedging program in effect, we should begin to see higher prices layer in as we continue to incrementally sell power forward into 2024 and 2025 assuming that prices remain at today's higher levels. The uncertainty of power prices highlights the critical need for longer revenue visibility to safeguard the economic viability of existing nuclear plants, which are increasingly recognized as a irreplaceable source of carbon free domestic energy supply. I might add, this is also taking place at the international level in terms of the recognition as an irreplaceable source of carbon free energy supply. We continue to observe a positive shift in public sentiment and support preserving these nuclear plants. Most recently as part of what I mentioned before, the proposed inflation Reduction Act of 2022, as our country invests in energy security and climate change solutions, which can help to stabilize rising electricity prices. This proposed legislation agreed to last Thursday by Senate Manchin and Schumer includes the nuclear production tax credit we have advocated for over the last two years, and would be in effect from January 24 through 2032. This pricing floor for nuclear generation squarely addresses our need for a longer term framework within which we can continue to own and operate our fleet with extended revenue visibility beyond the current three year zero emission certificate cycle. The bill also includes transitioning to a technology neutral ITC, PTC beginning in 2025 for new carbon free resources. And there is a 15% corporate minimum tax on net book income that would impact us and our customers. We are analyzing all aspects of the bill, including the many provisions that will help address climate change. We are hopeful that these provisions will pass Congress. Senate Majority Leader Schumer indicated his intention to bring the bill to the Senate floor this week. But there is a review process involving the Senate parliamentarian that could take a week by itself to complete. If the Senate is able to approve the measure, the House would likely return from the August recess to vote on it. In the meantime, we continue to have policy level discussions with New Jersey state legislators who are currently in summer recess to discuss a longer duration alternative to the current zero emission certificate framework for nuclear should the price floor contained in the reconciliation bill for prove elusive. Now let me turn to an update on our offshore wind opportunities, which we continue to advance on a number of fronts. On the transmission partnership, Coastal Wind Link, the timing of New Jersey's decision on its state agreement approach to transmission offshore is still expected this October. On Ocean Wind 1, development efforts are ongoing as we approach the upcoming FID date in the coming months, while the Bureau of Motion Energy Management will continue public hearings on the draft environmental impact statement later this summer. As related to the opportunity to co-invest with Ãrsted, we continue to have conversations on a variety of fronts, and in fact, due diligence continues in earnest in this regard. As I step down from my CEO duties on September 1st, PSEG is well positioned to enter its 120th year of serving New Jersey with essential energy services that help to power the economic engine of the state and advance its energy policy leadership. In my role as Executive Chair of the Board through the end of '22, I will continue to advocate on behalf of PSEG in key policy arenas. Now later, you'll hear from Ralph LaRossa, and I must say he is the most well prepared, ready CEO elect in the history of our company. And with Ralph at the helm, PSEG will further advance its powering progress vision of a future where people use less energy and it's cleaner, safer and delivered more reliably than ever. PSEG's dedicated workforce will continue the public service heritage that recently earned us the 2022 Edison Award from The Edison Electric Institute, the Electric Utilities highest industry honor and recognition of PSEG's infrastructure monetization programs focused on protecting our customers and communities from extreme weather conditions. I think that's our second Edison award in the last 10 or 12 years or so. I will now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results. Then Dan, Ralf and I will be available for your questions.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned, for the second quarter of 2022, PSEG reported net income of $0.26 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.64 per share. We've provided you with information on Slides 9 and 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the second quarter and year-to-date periods ended June 30th. Slides 10 and 12 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter and first half 2022 over first half 2021 and non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. We'll start with PSE&G, whose second quarter net income was relatively flat compared to the second quarter of 2021, reflecting rate base additions from our investment programs and our gas system monetization, Energy Strong programs and the implementation of the SIP, which was largely offset by IRLM in the quarter, much of which was timing related. Compared to the second quarter 2021, transmission margin was flat as growth in rate base and other positive  adjustments were offset by the August 2021 implementation of a new transmission formula rate, including our base return on equity moving to 9.9% plus the 50 basis point add. For distribution, gas margin improved $0.02 per share over the second quarter of 2021, reflecting the scheduled recovery of investments made under GSMP and a true-up from the SIP. Electric margin rose $0.02 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021, driven by the scheduled recovery of Energy Strong 2 investments and the SIP. Other margin primarily related to  service also added $0.01 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. O&M expense was $0.04 per share unfavorable compared with the second quarter 2021, reflecting higher costs from the resumption of customer settlement proceedings as courts reopened and higher electric operation expense and gas tariff work. Interest expense was $0.01 per share unfavorable, reflecting higher investment. In addition, the impact of PSEG's $500 million share repurchase program had a $0.01 per share benefit on second quarter 2022 results. Flow through taxes and other items had a net unfavorable impact of $0.01 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021, driven by the use of an annual effective tax rate that will reverse over the remainder of the year. Summer weather during the second quarter of 2022, measured by the temperature humidity index, was warmer than normal but cooler than temperatures during the second quarter of 2021. With the SIP in effect, variations in weather, positive or negative, have a limited impact on electric and gas margins, while enabling the widespread adoption of PSE&G's energy efficiency program. For the trailing 12 months ended June 30th, weather normalized electric and gas sales reflected lower residential sales, both electric and gas lower by approximately 3% and higher commercial and industrial sales, higher by 2% and 3%, respectively as more people return to work outside the home. Growth in the number of electric and gas customers remain positive by approximately 1% over the trailing 12 month period. PSE&G invested approximately $741 million during the second quarter and approximately $1.4 billion year-to-date through June 30th, and we are on track to execute our planned 2022 capital investment program of $2.9 billion. The 2022 capital spending program includes infrastructure upgrades to transmission and distribution facilities, as well as the continued rollout of the Clean Energy Future investments in energy efficiency, energy cloud and smart meters, electric vehicle charging infrastructure and the new of  investments that will begin this quarter. PSE&G's forecast of net income for 2022 is unchanged at $1.510 billion to $1.560 billion. Moving on to carbon-free infrastructure and other, where we reported a net loss of $174 million or $0.35 per share for the second quarter of 2022, driven by our nuclear decommissioning trust and mark-to-market impacts and non-GAAP operating earnings of $15 million or $0.03 per share. This compares to a second quarter 2021 net loss of $486 million and non-GAAP operating earnings of $47 million, which included the results of the divested fossil and solar assets. For the second quarter of 2022, electric gross margin declined by $0.25 per share, primarily due to the sale of the 6,750-megawatt Fossil portfolio this past February, and the sale of the Solar Source portfolio in June of '21. This reduction in gross margin includes recontracting approximately 8 terawatt hours of nuclear generation at a $3 per megawatt hour lower average price. In addition, ZECs added $0.01 per share due to the absence of the Hope Creek refueling outage in the year earlier quarter. Separately, lower margins at gas operations resulted in a $0.01 decline in gross margin versus the second quarter of 2021. Year-over-year, second quarter cost comparisons were better by $0.22 per share due to the divestitures, driven by lower O&M depreciation and interest expense that will mainly benefit first half 2022 results. You will recall the third and fourth quarters of 2021 reflected the solar source sale in June, the cessation of fossil depreciation from August onward, and the retirement of PSEG Power's outstanding debt in October. Current activity was a $0.01 per share unfavorable compared with the second quarter of 2021 as a result of higher interest expense, and taxes and other were $0.01 unfavorable compared to the second quarter of last year. Nuclear generating output increased by over 3.7% to 7.5 terawatt hours in the second quarter of 2022, reflecting the absence of a refueling outage at Hope Creek in the year earlier quarter. The capacity factor for the nuclear fleet for the year-to-date period through June 30th was 95.1%. PSEG is forecasting generation output of 14 to 16 terawatt hours for the remaining two quarters of 2022, and is hedged approximately 95% to 100% of this production at an average price of $28 per megawatt hour. For 2023, we're forecasting nuclear baseload outlook of 30 to 32 terawatt hours with 95% to 100% hedged at an average price of $31 per megawatt hour. And for 2024, we're forecasting nuclear baseload output of 29 to 31 terawatt hours, which is 55% to 60% hedged at an average price of $32 per megawatt hour. The forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings for carbon-free infrastructure and other is unchanged at $170 million to $220 million. And this guidance for 2022 excludes results related to the Fossil assets that were sold in February of this year. With respect to recent financing activity and collateral postings, PSEG remains on solid financial footing. As of June 30th, the PSEG money pool, including PSEG and Power, had available liquidity, including cash on hand of $3.7 billion. In April and May of 2022, we entered into a 364 day variable rate term loan agreement totaling $2 billion. Also in the quarter, Power entered into two $100 million letter of credit facilities expiring April '24 and April '25 respectively. And in July of â22 PSEG repaid a $1.25 billion short term loan that was due later this month. Our net cash collateral postings of $2.5 billion at June 30th related to out-of-the-money hedge positions as energy prices rose during the second quarter of 2022. Collateral postings have increased subsequent to June 30th and at the end of July, Power had net collateral postings of approximately $2.5 billion. Most of this collateral is associated with hedges in place through the end of 2023, and is expected to be returned to PSEG Power once it satisfies its obligations under those contracts, or sooner if market prices decline in the interim. As Ralph mentioned, we are reaffirming PSEG's 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.35 to $3.55 per share, with regulated operations contributing approximately 90% of the total. For the full year of 2022, PSE&G's net income is forecasted at $1.51 billion to $1.56 billion, $1.51 billion to $1.56 billion. The non-GAAP operating earnings for CFIO is forecasted at $170 million to $220 million. PSEG's 2022 earnings guidance excludes financial results from the divested fossil assets and includes an additional interest expense related to recent financings. Looking beyond 2022, regarding the pension item Ralph referenced earlier. Slide 19 in the webcast deck highlights some pension disclosure contained in our current 10-K annual report. We outlined several items that will influence the pension impact in 2023, including updating the discount rate and interest costs, setting the expected return on planned assets for 2023, calculating the actual gain or loss on the funds and determine the fair value of the funds at year end. As many of you know, we do not smooth, we apply the fair value of the fund balances to next year's expected return. As such, asset values and discount rate on December 31st will determine the impacts for next year. Lastly, we've completed our $500 million share repurchase through open market purchases at an accelerated share repurchase program in May of 2022. That concludes our prepared remarks. And with this being Ralph's last earnings call as CEO, I'll give him an opportunity to make some closing remarks before taking your questions.
Ralph Izzo: No. Actually, Dan, I think I'll wait until later, sorry about that. Why don't we go right to the questions, Kyle?
Operator:  The first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So Ralph, let me just, if it's okay, start on the pension side. Can we maybe just get a little bit more details on the potential offsets that you're sort of thinking about implementing? I mean everyone has estimates out there on what the drag could be, so whether it's $0.20, $0.30, $0.40, whatever it ends up being. Do you feel like you could offset that kind of a drag and how does that potentially factor into a rate case filing in '23?
Ralph Izzo: So Shar, of course, we like to think of the fact that we're always mindful of our O&M expense. But you can always do more, there's a cost versus quality consideration that we'll have to take into account. So there's no doubt we can offset some of the headwinds. We're just not going to get into a conversation today about how easy it is to offset $0.05 versus $0.30 versus $0.20. And believe me, we've seen numbers dance around that whole range over the past six years. And we're not going to do anything that compromises the long term service quality of the customers. We're going to look at every part of our cost structure to see what is a good short term decision, what's the good long term decision. And then, of course, as you correctly pointed out, the utility does have a rate case that starts January 1, 2024. So we view this as a short term headwind that's not quantifiable on August 2nd and can only be quantified on December 31st, but we're looking at a whole litany of potential cost reductions, and each one of them comes with some risk. And we'll draw the line where we feel comfortable that the short term risks are manageable, but we do nothing to jeopardize the long term health of the company. I know that's not a quantitative answer to your question. But I think it's just going to drive people crazy to every day look at what markets are doing and what congressional leader is visiting, what island nation and what that's doing to equity markets and things that are simply not within our control over the next few months.
Shar Pourreza: And then just, Ralph, on the strategy side with generation sort of with the inflation reduction not gaining traction. There's obviously improved visibility on nuclear, which is one of the things you mentioned would be a trigger point potentially to assess whether you want the assets within the portfolio or not, so any updates there. And then just around offshore wind, there's obviously some very healthy valuation marks on the land lease values, with your neighbor looking to provide another maybe data point soon. Any thoughts there on whether you would reassess value here as well? So I guess, how are you thinking about potential trigger points to exit the remaining generation business you have?
Ralph Izzo: I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of important data points, Shar, coming in. Look, if the inflation reduction Act passes as is proposed, there are some technical amendments that we're working with bill sponsors to make sure are considered because of some language that is inconsistent with what people have told us they're trying to achieve. I mean you basically have nuclear energy price of $44 a megawatt hour, give or take a few pennies as long as power prices in the market don't drop below $25, and as long as power prices in the market don't go above $44. So the nuclear assets begin, to me at least, to look a lot like a rate base rate of return and piece of infrastructure with a steady and attractive cash flow that makes them economically viable. Now there's a whole lot of wood that needs to be chopped between now and making that something that President Biden puts his pen to. And then there's the need to see what investor reaction will be, if it's interpreted the same way that we interpret it, which is, as I said, essentially a very predictable earnings stream with a very solid cash flow generation that I think serves the state of New Jersey very well, serves the company very well, serves the planet very well. On offshore wind, we do have an important data point coming up, and you alluded to it. There is another company that is in a strategic review process and we'll carefully monitor the outcome of that while pursuing with all the due diligence efforts as I spoke about before from Coastal Wind Link to Ocean Wind 1 and some other possible opportunities with Ãrsted. Look, it should be obvious to everyone. New Jersey is going to build 7.5 gigawatts of offshore wind. I think half a dozen states are going to build 30 gigawatts of offshore wind. That's going to have a significant impact on tower markets, bill headroom and opportunities to grow earnings per share for companies. So it's something that we want to make sure we are taking a long view in terms of the role we should or shouldn't play in that. So more to follow and some of it weâll be following in the next few months.
Shar Pourreza: What was the test year for the rate case that you guys are going to file, is it '23â¦
Ralph Izzo: July of '23 to June '24, so it does include â23 -- it gets filed on January 1 of '24.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nick Campanella: Just acknowledging that you kind of -- you reiterated the long term 5% to 7% EPS CAGR. When we kind of take into account the mitigation strategies you're targeting, and this 5% to 7% CAGR. Is this a long term CAGR or do you still have kind of visibility on 5% to 7% growth in '23?
Ralph Izzo: So Nick, as you know, in a regulated world, with test years and rate cases, one does not -- and even though -- I guess, it's almost 90% of our CapEx has some form of trackers, some of that is delayed six months, some of that's delayed one year. We've never told people that the 5% to 7% CAGR is every year to be applied that it was -- you think the midpoint of the '22 guidance and you look at where we are in '25 and the CAGR over that time frame is 5% to 7%, and we never gave what '23 would be or what '24.
Nick Campanella: And then just other aspects of the , just like the minimum 15% tax. How does that kind of play into affecting your business, if at all, and what are the offsets there?
Dan Cregg: I think what's laid out right now, Nick, is pretty simple to what's in the build back better. And so I think your first screen you're going to go through is the size of the earnings from the company to determine whether or not you're subject to it, and then you're going to work your way through essentially will deemphasize things like depreciation and give you a lower rate in exchange. And so that trade off I think as an industry, we're going to go through and take a look and see what that means from a cash flow basis. To the extent that, that does kick in, you'll have a higher cash flow upfront coming out the door for taxes. But whatever excess you do have, that's going to be carried forward indefinitely, and so we will work our way through. And ultimately, to the extent that, that happens, you have a deferred tax asset or probably more appropriately stated a smaller deferred tax liability, which comes into play and the balance of your rate making as well. So I think we're all exploring where this is going to go to the extent it does get across the finish line as is. I know that there are some in Washington who had challenges against this type of increase in the first go round. But right now, as it's played out, it looks pretty similar to what was in build, back, better.
Nick Campanella: And if I can just squeeze one more in, I think folks are wondering, so Iâll ask. Just any thoughts on an Analyst Day this year?
Ralph Izzo: So Ralph, go ahead, do you want toâ¦
Ralph LaRossa: Nick, right now, we're planning to do an Analyst Day in the first quarter of '23. I think Ralph has laid out a bunch of mile posts that would lead us to say that there's enough moving parts that it makes sense for us to have that conversation in the first quarter of '23.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Ralph, I just want to wish you the best in case this is your last earnings call. So first of all, just on the pension, how should we think about how the pension is maybe roughly split between regulated and nonregulated parts of PEG?
Dan Cregg: You probably have 75%, 80% of it that's going towards the regulated piece.
Steve Fleishman: And then when you -- obviously, you don't know what returns are going to be the next three years. But when you think about your confidence in the 5% to 7% to . Is most of that just because this just gets all trued up in the rate case no matter what happens to the pension performance, can you just go to a normal return or is it that you're expecting the market to bounce back, and the offsets? Is it more that this is just part of the rate case ups and downs?
Dan Cregg: Think about it more of the latter, Steve. Well, obviously, you're going to have the effect of markets, both your equity and debt markets for your asset return for the assets within the trust as well as what the discount rate is going to look like. But ultimately, with a bigger part of the pension being on the utility side of the house that you're going to have a regulatory aspect of it that's going to be important as well.
Steve Fleishman: So it's not like you're counting on the markets to come back or anything like that?
Dan Cregg: Right.
Steve Fleishman: And then Ralph Izzo, unfair question to end things up. You've been very involved in working on this IRA law. Just curious your best judgment on the likelihood it passes.
Ralph Izzo: I was a little bit worried about Senator Sinema, but the tax provisions, the carried interest provisions don't seem to be a big number. So I find it hard to believe that, that would really result in having to worry about one more Renegade Senate vetoing the bill. And as we head into the midterms, there's a really good chance, it looks like the Senate could retain a Democratic majority. And a lot of them feel like if they could get this over the finish line, that would cement that prospect. So I give it a high probability of success. My bigger worry was whether or not when we  a $2 trillion piece of legislation to $0.5 trillion if you lose the folks that were part of it on the house side, but some of the more visible and outspoken members of the left wing of the Democratic party have said this is a critically important climate change initiative and the most important thing we've done in this regard. So I've gained a little bit of confidence there as well. So I put its odds at pretty strong. I mean with the Senate majority leaders saying he's going to bring it to the floor on Thursday, even before the parliamentarian is likely to rule, I'd say the odds are looking quite good at this point.
Steve Fleishman: I had one last question I forgot about. Offshore wind transmission, the bidding for that. Is there any update on the process there?
Ralph Izzo: The RFP, I think, is going to come out first quarter of next year, for the next round. Is that the questionâ¦
Dan Cregg: Itâs an October date, Steve, for when we're supposed to be hearing back -- there's been a little bit of -- there's been work that's been ongoing on it. I know PJM put out a piece related to some of the risks and the constructability, and different elements. And so I know folks have had some comments back on that. But ultimately, it sits within the BPU's jurisdiction with PJM providing some technical support. So October is still when we're supposed to hear back what the answer is on that.
Operator: The next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just on the pension topic. One of the discussions that we've had with investors relates to your earned ROEs versus authorized. Obviously, pension has been sort of a tailwind past few years, and it looks like it's going to be a going forward. Can you comment on, Dan, just your earned versus authorized returns at the utility currently? And then how are you modeling that going forward in your 5% to 7% target? I'm interested in your returns versus the authorized levels.
Dan Cregg: I mean, I think, I guess, if you want to think about what we would anticipate on a go forward basis, it would be earning our allowed return. And so yes, you're going to have some tailwinds and headwinds from various items, pension certainly is one. And you're right, if I think about it in the immediate term, you've got some more -- the potential for more headwinds. And if you look backwards, there's been some tailwinds, but there's other items that have offsets and also come into play. But I think if you want to think about what we're anticipating as we look at '25, I think it's -- we're anticipating earning our allowed return.
Ralph Izzo: And Dan, I mean, 40% of rate base is transmission, which is basically trued up exactly every year. If I'm not mistaken, doesn't the conservation incentive program have a range where we fall outside that range. We're either not eligible. So we stick to that a long return basically on both the  sideâ¦
Dan Cregg: Yes, exactly. The way that, that mechanism works, it has kind of balance related to your earned returns. So we are pretty close to that level throughout.
Durgesh Chopra: I mean I guess the forward-looking plan has you earning close to the authorized, is the key takeaway here. Just Ralph, I wanted to go back to sort of the strategic review on offshore, how critical -- and this is -- how critical is being involved with the offshore generation side to winning some of these offshore transmission opportunities. Obviously, you previously indicated like roughly, I think, over $1 billion in opportunity, and we'll hear about it in October. But how critical it is from a strategic standpoint to be in the generation to get some of these transmission awards, or you think those are two independent things.
Ralph Izzo: I think those are two independent things. I don't think it's critical at all. Dan, did you want to answer that?
Dan Cregg: I'd just reinforce that.
Operator: The next question is from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Could you talk a little bit as to the hedging environment for 2024 right now for Power? Is there any update on your ability to take advantage of the current commodity backdrop to accelerate some hedging from here, and what's the liquidity looking like?
Dan Cregg: There's more liquidity out there, David. We couldn't close out the entire position in a very short term. But there's liquidity to be able to continue to do what we anticipate doing, which is staying on a ratable path. I mean I think we've got a market environment, which has higher pricing than what we have seen historically. But by the same token, we've got a fairly backwardated curve. And so those two items, I think, are a little bit at odds with respect to where things may be going. So we're moving along related to our ratable hedging program kind of within the bounds that we set, I anticipate that general construct to remain.
David Arcaro: And it's early, but just wondering as you think about some of the strategic considerations over the next year or so. Any early thoughts on how you'd redeploy capital and kind of use of proceeds as some of these strategic endeavors might unlock cash flow?
Ralph Izzo: I mean I think one of the things that is really important about the infrastructure advancement program is the recognition to the credit of the Board of Public Utilities of the under investment or let's just say the lack of investment that has followed the last mile because there was so much to do with the higher voltage part of the system. And all the good work we did in transmission and inside plant that actually resulted in our second Edison award and just an outstanding outcome in what was a devastating flood event in Hurricane Ida. All of that work that went so well at the high notes now needs to go towards the lower voltage part of the system. And  was a recognition of that, and getting $500 million plus of the $800 million ask approved, I think, shows that we're entering a new era, people working from home, losing power at the home is not just knowing, blinking lights on, the microwave oven, you can't charge a car and you can't do your work, you can't call your neighbor, you can't find out where the kids are and that level of resiliency and reliabilities is something that customers are demanding. So I think that there's a lot of opportunity in that last mile that we're just beginning to explore and touch upon. So as we've often said in the past, David, there's a long runway of utility investment needs. I mean we still have a lot of aging infrastructure we have in place, that's to get with a little track of what the runway is on the GSMP program at the current spend rate, if you see the 20 or some odd years, I think. So the number one gating function has been, is, and will be, just making sure that we have customer affordability and we're always mindful of that. But in terms of opportunities to redeploy, that's on the  things that used to keep your awake at night that were somewhere around number 20.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I'm just going to keep going here on the theme here on the 5% to 7%. And I want to come back to -- I know we asked you, I think, even last time here, but Dan, the expectation of this persisting beyond '23 on the 5% to 7%. Does that include the latest net pension headwinds in Power mark-to-market, where do you stand on reflecting that? And just -- again, just again, I get that this moving around, I get is rate case extension -- what is your expectation? And related to that, if you can, what is the current asset performance year-to-date? You kind of implied a comment in your prepared remarks, but if you can quantify that, that would be great.
Dan Cregg: Julien, I think it's consistent with what we've been saying. I think we're not going to know exactly what that number is going to be until 12/31. That is the nature of how we do our accounting and that's where we're going to stand. And so I think we're going to have that part of the puzzle determined at that time. And given the variability we've seen in markets, you could see some movement there. I would argue that if you take a look at how we are invested with kind of in the mid-50s on the equity side and then some real assets and the balance being on the debt side, you can kind of make a determination that we're -- if you use just the benchmarks, I think you're going to be in the right ballpark. Against that backdrop, we're going to do exactly what Ralph talked about. We're going to go through. We're going to drive through all the initiatives that we've started to lay out, made determinations on some. We'll continue to make determinations on other and trying to make sure we strike the right balance between running the business right and managing our way through some near term headwinds. And the magnitude of those and what we see by virtue of doing the things that we've identified is going to be what's going to determine where we end up in 2023. So it's a little bit dynamic right now but that's going to drive ultimately where we land within 2023, and that guidance will be forthcoming.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And maybe implicitly within this, you expect the utility to grow 5% to 7% specifically, right?
Dan Cregg: Say again?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So you expect the utility to grow 5% to 7% specifically as well, right?
Ralph Izzo: So we give you a rate base CAGR on the utility, we don't break each business separately in terms of the CAGR. But as you know, Julien, given 90% of our CapEx get some type of contemporaries return, the utility earnings should equal rate base minus O&M minus regulatory lag, plus any new customer growth which is not part of the SIP. And those last three pieces are pretty small but they can change things faster the first decimal point. But we don't break out each company separately in terms of the CAGR. But theâ¦
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually, just going back to the last question, very briefly here. Why only hedge 5 percentage points of '24 at this point, is it just about the prospects on federal support here that hold you back just to make sure?
Dan Cregg: Say your question again, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just on the only adding about 5 percentage points on '24 hedging, I would have thought intuitively, maybe you would layer in more. Again, question is more, is the federal support and uncertainty from a legislative perspective, hold you back?
Dan Cregg: I mean, I think, frankly, it's just more consistent with respect to how we're thinking about the ratable program. We are a little bit higher than what a ratable three year would have you have the math turn out to be. And then so we have some of those ranges but we want to stay within a bit of a ratable band identifying as well the backwardation that exists within the curve. And so I think that we'll continue to move forward, continuing to hedge at the prices that we're seeing as we go forward. But I think you'll -- I wouldn't anticipate us to be outside of that ratable range in the near future.
Operator: The next question is from Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: So I just wanted to go to Slide 22 and make sure I understand the dynamic here between the potential, let's call it, potential because it's what it is, a nuclear PTC at the federal level and the ZECs in New Jersey. So if I think about the 55% to 60% that you've hedged to 32 hours a megawatt hour out to â24. Right now, status quo I would add the $10 ZEC to that and get a price on that hedge piece of about $42 a megawatt hour. But if I were to get the nuclear PTC, that would be somewhere between $42 and $44, a megawatt hour, and that would actually be upside to that pricing, because the ZEC would go away of New Jersey, if I understand it correctly, it would be replaced essentially by the nuclear PTC at the federal level. Have I got that right, is that the right understanding of how that would come inâ¦
Dan Cregg: You're absolutely right.
Ross Fowler: And then the non-hedged piece would come back to the nuclear PTC price if -- well, it would basically be either the current price if it were over the $44 or would be the  at the nuclear PTC, if that's what we get, or it would be whatever you hedge at plus the ZEC, if that's where we stay. So am I thinking about that correctly?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think that's right. Ross, if you think about what they're doing in Washington essentially is a floor, and to the extent that realized exceeds that then the PTC basically just drifts away as your realized goes up and New Jersey  with plus 10%.
Ross Fowler: So as you look to hedge a further piece of that and following on Julien's question here where you go through your ratable hedging, if hedging were to move up above that $32, it would be above the nuclear PTC. But if you lose the $10 ZEC, you have to come back to the nuclear PTC level. Is that how I should think about that? I guess I'm trying to say if you're hedged at $35, you get a credit for the PTC up to that $44 level in the federal PTC case or if you're hedged at $34, you would have -- or $35, it would actually be $45 in the ZEC case. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Ralph Izzo: Well, the ZEC does not have to -- the state does not, it could be $10.
Dan Cregg: Through to '25 is what we -- and the crisp definition with respect to the realized that you apply in determining what the PTC is to get you to that $44 is going to be finalized within the details, but that's our expectation.
Ross Fowler: I just wanted to make sure I was getting the into out correctly as we potentially change what applies to the power side in New Jersey for the nuclearâ¦
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: My question is probably more for Dan. Dan, you talked a little bit about collateral postings and being a little over -- right around $2.5 billion at the end of July. That cash, if I understand correctly, it comes back over the next 18 months, between now and year end 2023. So how should we think of -- what does that mean, does that mean that it's simply a reduction in maybe your draws on your credit facility that shows up, so short term debt on the balance sheet will actually go down by that amount by the time we get to 2023 -- end of '23, if we leave all else constant?
Dan Cregg: You're thinking about it exactly right, Michael. So there's -- think about it as incremental draws to fund that. And as that comes back, we would just take out the source that was used to fund in the first license.
Michael Lapides: And the source that's being used to fund it is simply short term debt or credit facility up top at the holding company level?
Dan Cregg: Yes, that's exactly right.
Michael Lapides: And if I were to apply -- my follow-on question relates to the Inflation Reduction Act. If I were to apply that to the minimum tax requirement to 2022, how big of a cash flow impact would that be on this year using your guidance for this year, how material?
Dan Cregg: I wouldn't give you like a single year look because you can have onetime items that would come through. So if you think about this year, we closed the fossil sales, so you're going to have some kind of disruptions in what it normally looks like. I think if I would try to do the math, and it's going to depend year-over-year over the longer term, but you're going to basically take a look at what your delta is within your accelerated depreciation, what the delta is within the rates. There's going to be other pieces that are going to move, but I think those are the two biggest moving pieces that you have. And how much does that 6% buy you going from 21% to 15% compared to the magnitude of what you're getting through the tax benefits that will be taken away that are in your book income. So that's the trade-off and it's going to vary a little bit by year depending upon what capital you're deploying and where you are within the accelerated depreciation .
Michael Lapides: I hate to sound really big picture here, but I'm going to try and do it. Big deal, medium deals, small deal.
Dan Cregg: I think it's probably somewhere in between. I think to the extent that you're going to see an incremental payment, you're going to end up having an indefinite carryforward on your credit and basically, that's going to reduce deferred taxes. And so to the extent that deferred taxes end up reducing your rate base when you have a deferred tax liability, it seems like you'd have the potential that -- from a regulatory perspective, you'd have an incremental rate base component on the regulatory side of the business, and that's where most of the capital is. So I think it's still going to play out and see where we end up in the final determination, but somewhere in between.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Best of luck to Ralph and Ralph. And I just wanted to kind of pick up on the last point a little bit there, if I could, as it relates to the IRA, and it passed as it is. How would this impact your financing strategy and agency thresholds if passed?
Dan Cregg: Well, I think ultimately, there's the potential for a lot of pieces, Jeremy. So it's kind of tough to give a really crisp answer. You've got some -- if I think about just a couple of pieces that are going on, you're going to have a PTC on nuclear that's either going to kick in into certain magnitude or not kick in a certain magnitude because you're above or below that floor. So you've got some cash variability there. I think you've got offshore wind, you've got some PTC potential versus ITC and you're going to make your trade off there, which has a different impacts for cash and for book. And then you've got this minimum tax item, which could be an incremental draw on cash. And so I think having the balance sheet strength that we have, we have the ability, obviously, to work through these issues. But I think the incremental financings around the edges would be changing based upon the timing of some of these things when we see any potential minimum tax incremental payments reversing and the timing of any of these credits that come through. So those are the things you would look to. But I think you've got a lot of time between now and final passage to actually figure out what the actual impacts are going to be.
Jeremy Tonet: And just one little point there. Is it fair to say PTC visibility for nukes would change agency view there versus three years at?
Dan Cregg: Certainly, a favorable item, magnitude of that change to be determined. I think you've -- like we talked about, it could be incremental dollars, it could be a floor which provides stability, which reduces risk, which the agencies would like. So either way, if I think about both the flexibility on the offshore wind as well as the PTC for nuclear, I think both of them are value additive from the standpoint of both of these options that we have on the generation side.
Jeremy Tonet: Just a last one if I could. As it relates to the IAP process, are there any takeaways from this process this time, particularly as it relates to how you might view future extensions of CEF and GSMP programs?
Dan Cregg: I think less on CEF and GSMP and more on last mile. So I think this was the first proposal that we put in front of the BPU to start the long runway of work that we have on the last mile. And we were very pleased with the acknowledgment of that need and the work that we have ahead of us. So I think more than anything else, I would look to the IAP, if it's a signal for anything, it's the acknowledgment of the work that does need to be done on the last mile of the system on a more proactive basis rather than just run to failure.
Ralph Izzo: Great. So look, it's been mentioned a couple of times. This is my last quarterly earnings call, and it's something of a cliche, but I have to tell you, it's been just a genuine honor and privilege to be with this company for 15 years. And for those of you who are still on the call or listening to the webcast, I want to extend to you and hope you'll accept my sincere thanks for all the conversations, all of the probing questions you've offered over those years. And I'm not kidding, I mean it served to make us a better company and hopefully, it serves to make me a better CEO. I'll genuinely miss those interactions. But I cannot overemphasize the company is in great hands with the new Ralph, with Dan and the entire senior team. We've worked side by side for a long time, and I have just 100% confidence that they will do a far better job than I was able to do on my own, certainly, in the early stages. Now I know that you're all eager to learn more about pensions and nuclear economics and ownership and offshore wind prospects, and you will, and you will. But I'm encouraging our leadership team to continue our proud tradition of taking a long term view and gathering important information before rushing into decisions that might have short term appeal but long term consequences. And I think we're literally talking about weeks and maybe months before we get some really important data points that come our way. So with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ralph.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you, Ralph. I just have a few items I wanted to touch on. First, I want everyone to know how excited I am for our future. We are very well positioned by our Power and Progress vision, and I look forward to continuing the work that we have started. Second, I wanted to thank all of you on the call for the kind and supporting words I've received from so many of you since the announcement in April. And I look forward to meeting with you throughout the remainder of 2022. But finally, I wanted to thank you, Ralph. Thank you for all you've done for this great company, our customers and our employees. Thank you for the industry leadership and specifically your leadership on addressing climate change issues. And last but not least, I thank you for all the time and effort you've given to me personally. And with that, Kyle, I think weâre ready to close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todayâs teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Liddy and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Today’s Conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.  And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, May 3, 2022, and will be made available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s Investor Relations website at http://investor.pseg.com.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning. And thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG’s first quarter 2022 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our IR website located at www.investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly.  The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings, which differ from net loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings material. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. 
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for a review of PSEG’s first quarter results. PSEG reported a GAAP net loss of under $0.01 per share, resulting predominantly from mark-to-market adjustments related to higher energy prices versus our existing forward sale contracts. We exclude these items in calculating PSEG’s non-GAAP operating earnings, which were a $1.33 per share for the first quarter of 2022. For the first quarter of 2021, PSEG reported a $1.28 per share for both net income and non-GAAP operating earnings.  And just a reminder that first quarter 2021 included the results from our divested fossil assets, and solar source. Our non-GAAP results for the first quarter of ‘22 reflect solid utility and nuclear operations. That foundation combined with rate-based growth from regulated investments, as well as lower cost resulting from the completed sale of PSEG fossil, offset lower capacity and recontracting this quarter.  Regulated operations at PSE&G continue to benefit from our ongoing investments in energy infrastructure and clean energy. Increasing first quarter ‘22 earnings per share by over 7% above first quarter 2021 results. And following the February fossil sale close, we are reporting results from our non-utility activities under the heading carbon free infrastructure and other or CFIO.  For the first quarter of 2022, CFIO reported a net loss of $1.02 per share driven by these same mark to market adjustments. And non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.32 per share. This compares with $0.34 per share for both net income and non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2021, which once again, included results from the divested fossil assets. Slide 11 details these results for the quarter.  PSE&G's customer satisfaction scores reflect our commitment to safe and reliable service, achieving top quartile performance in all six factors of measurement among large utilities in the east, in the JD Power first quarter 2022 residential electric study. The statewide moratorium on shutoffs for residential electric and gas service was lifted in mid-March. In late March, New Jersey passed legislation that provides protection from shutoffs to customers who have applied for of payment assistance programs by June 15, 2022. Customers who apply for assistance will be protected from shutoffs, while awaiting their application determination.  PSE&G in partnership with the New Jersey Board of public utilities and community groups has stepped up efforts to help customers and arrears in role in the readily available payment assistance programs, such as USF and LIHEAP, as well as providing deferred payment arrangements. We recognize the continued economic strain that the pandemic has brought to many of our customers and we'll -- we will continue to work with empathy as we conduct our collection efforts.  We continue to make progress on our infrastructure advancement program, a proposed four year investment in the last mile of our electric distribution system. To address aging substations and gas metering and regulating stations, and to integrate electric vehicle charging infrastructure at our facilities to support the electrification of PSE&G's vehicle fleet.  The discovery phase, responding to inquiries from BPU staff and rate council is coming to a conclusion and confidential settlement discussions are scheduled to begin within the next week. We continue to expect based on the current procedural schedule, that final BPU action will take place this fall.  With the fossil sale completed on February 23, PSEG will continue to focus on regulated growth, empowering a future where people use less energy, it's cleaner, safer, and delivered more reliably than ever before. As you know, last September PSEG committed to United Nations’ backed Race To Zero campaign, pledging to develop and submit our mission reduction goals consistent with the objectives of the Paris agreement to limit global temperature increases to 1.5 degree Celsius or less, what are known as science based targets. Slide 5 and 6 detail our five year 15 billion to 17 billion our capital spending program and show the spending in various categories. The majority of which supports our business ambition for 1.5 degrees, either through direct carbon emissions reductions, energy efficiency, or climate adaptation.  The business ambition for 1.5 degrees includes our net zero by 2030 goals, as well as keeping our emissions targets across all three scopes, within the 1.5 degree limit consistent with the Paris Agreement. Essentially the business ambition for 1.5 degrees C will use science to validate PSEG's net zero commitments to inform needed investments and our resulting growth opportunities.  We are fully engaged in developing our plan, staffed with technical advisors and internal teams that are preparing to submit our targets to the science-based target initiative, by the end of this year, which is well ahead of the fall '23 timeframe required. Based on our initial carbon inventory, our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions comprised roughly 15% of our total carbon emissions. Our challenge, one that we embrace, is to address our largest emissions category, which falls under Scope 3, the largely a downstream customer use of our energy products that also includes the emissions profiles of our upstream supplier. Our various capital programs support our climate vision and net zero 2030 goals by addressing decarbonization with gas infrastructure replacement, expanding our energy efficient programs, which can also lower customer bills, integrating climate adaptation and resiliency design into our systems, supporting the electrification of transportation, preserving carbon-free nuclear generation, and investing in offshore wind infrastructure, in addition to our base spending.  With an improved business mix in an already compelling environmental, social and governance profile, we are confident that we are creating shareholder value by growing our rate base in alignment with New Jersey's clean energy goals, as well as our business ambition for 1.5 degrees centigrade, helping to enable a lower carbon and competitive New Jersey economy. Over the past several weeks and months, energy prices have risen to levels not seen or sustained in many years. Utility customers around the country have been experiencing commodity price increases in their electric and natural gas bills. So the first time in the decade, PSE&G's customers have benefited from the price moderating effects of New Jersey's electric and gas default supply mechanisms, better known as basic generation service or BGS, and basic gas supply service or BGSS.  On the electric side, PSE&G contracts were expected BGS load on a three year rolling basis. And each year one-third of the load is procured for a three year period. When the new BGS rate goes into effect this June 1, electric bills will actually decline by 2.8%, owing to a significant reduction in actual versus assumed PJM capacity cost. On the gas side, the BPU permits PSE&G to recover the cost of natural gas hedging, up to 115 billion cubic feet or 80% of its residential gas supply annual requirements through the BGSS tariff. Each June, we make a filing for our anticipated BGSS costs to go into effect in rates before the upcoming winter season. And that filing will be driven by market prices at that time and then chewed up for actual costs overtime. On the nuclear side of the business, we are essentially fully hedged in 2022 and 2023, and approximately 50% hedged in 2024. While the energy price increases helpful to nuclear in the long term, we continue to monitor pricing together with impacts from rising interest rates, adverse financial market conditions impacting future returns for our pension trust, as well as general inflationary pressure in the broader economy covering labor and supply chain material. Collective of these factors, we remain confident in our multiyear 5% to 7% EPS CAGR to 2025.  On a related note, we have seen a positive shift in public sentiment in support of nuclear power, and its carbon free energy security attributes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine. And we remain hopeful that tax incentive to preserve the economic viability of nuclear generation can be passed in Washington that provides a floor price needed to sustain these carbon free resources over the long term. The department to help struggling nuclear plants with the civilian nuclear program, none of our nuclear units qualify for DOE funding under the initial criteria. We will endeavor to obtain the maximum benefit for our nuclear units from the DOE program, should we qualify in future rounds?  However, we do believe that the DOE grant program provides sufficient revenue stability or visibility needed to make longer dated fuel and licensed extension decisions.  In late February, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the NRC, reversed the previously granted subsequent license renewal for peach bottom units 2 and 3. The NRC is requesting an updated environmental review that addresses the impacts of extending the operating licenses by 20 years. In the interim, the NRC has rolled back the license expiration dates for peach bottom -- units 2 and 3 to 2033 and 2034 respectively.  Moving to offshore wind. The New Jersey BPU hosted a series of four public meetings in March and April, as part of its ongoing evaluation of bids submitted in its offshore wind transmission solicitation, better known as the state agreement approach or SAA process. The meeting solicited public input on topics including integration with offshore wind generation projects, environmental effects, permitting, and rate payer protections and cost controls.  We participated in each of the four public meetings to advocate for our submissions and submitted our formal comments to the BPU on April 29, in support of our coastal wind partnership with Orsted. The solutions we submitted range from single collectors at various landing points to a linked transmission network out in the ocean and could range in an investment opportunity for us from $1 billion to $3 billion of selected.  Now, let me turn my attention to guidance for 2022. Our regulated investment programs are producing predictable utility growth and the conservation incentive program were sip as we often refer to it, is effectively minimizing variations on electric and gas revenues from the rollout of our energy efficiency programs and other impacts including weather. We are on track to execute PSE&G’s $2.9 billion 2022 capital spending plan, which is part of PSEG’s five year $15 billion to $17 billion capital plan through the year 2025.  Over 90% of this capital program is directed toward PSE&G and is expected to produce a 6% to 7.5% compound annual growth rate in rate base over the 22 to 25 period, starting from a year end 2021 rate base of approximately $25 billion. While the first quarter results reflect the lower regulated contribution than the 90% we outlined at our September 2021 investor conference this is due to the favorable first half of 2022 cost comparisons at CFIO operations from divestiture activity. Dan will go into more detail on those drivers during his review.  Nonetheless, we continue to see the full-year shaping of consistent with our 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.35 to $3.55 per share. And for each of PSE&G and CFIO, as I said, a moment ago, we continue on track for our multiyear EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% from the 2022 guidance midpoint to 2025.  Now, let me wrap up my comments by mentioning to you what you have all heard by now that I will be retiring as CEO and President of PSEG on September 1, but I will stay on as executive chair of the board until the end of the year. As part of our plan, leadership succession, the PSEG Board of Directors has elected Ralph LaRossa to be the next President and Chief Executive Officer effective September 1. And Ralph will then assume the additional responsibilities of chair of the board in the New Year.  Most of you are familiar with Ralph and his incredible operating experience that has guided PSE&G and our generating business over the course of my tenure as CEO. I have every confidence that the other Ralph, as we often refer him, will continue the strong heritage of this 119 year old organization and lead its bright future.  I'll now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and will be available for your questions after his remarks. 
Dan Cregg : Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph mentioned for the first quarter of 2022, PSEG reported a net loss of under a penny for share primarily related to the mark to market adjustments and non-GAAP operating earnings of 1 33 per share. We've provided you with information on Slide 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the first quarter of 2022, and Slide 12 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. Let's start with PSE&G. PSE&G’s first quarter 2022, non-GAAP operating earnings improved by $0.07 per share over the prior years’ quarter, reflecting rate based editions from our investment programs and the gas system modernization program and the implementation of the conservation incentive program. Compared to the first quarter 2021, transmission was $0.03 per share unfavorable reflecting the implementation effective August of 2021 of the settlement agreement of our transmission formula rate, including a lower return on equity, partly offset by growth and rate base.  For distribution, gas margin improved by $0.08 per share over the first quarter of 2021, half of which was driven by the scheduled recovery of an investments made under the gas system modernization program. With the balance reflecting growth in the number of gas customers and the true up from the conservation incentive program. Electric margin rose by $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter of 2021, also reflecting a higher number of customers and the implementation of the SIP mechanism. The SIP was not in effect in last year's first quarter for either gas or electric distribution.  Other margin primarily related to appliance service was $0.02 per share favorable compared to the first quarter of 2021. Higher OEM expense was $0.02 per share unfavorable compared with the first quarter of 2021, reflecting timing in various costs. Higher depreciation expense reduced results by a penny per share, reflecting higher plant and service. Lower pension expense added a penny per share compared to the first quarter of ‘21.  In addition to the impact of PSEG 500 million share repurchase had $0.01 per share benefit in the first quarter of 2022. Flow through taxes and other items had a net unfavorable impact of a penny per share compared to the first quarter of ‘21, but was more favorable than we will see over the remainder of the year driven by the use of an annual effective tax rate. Winter weather in the first quarter of 2022 measured by heating degree days was slightly colder than normal, as a result of implementing the SIP variations in weather positive or negative, now have a limited impact on electric and gas margins, while enabling the widespread adoption of PSE&G's energy efficiency programs. For the trailing 12 months ended March 31, weather normalized electric sales reflected lower residential sales, lowered by 4.8% and 3.2% respectively and higher C&I sales, higher by 3.3% and 2.8% respectively, as more people return to work outside the home.  Growth in the number of electric and gas customers remain positive by approximately 1% during the trailing 12 month period. PSE&G invested $656 million during the first quarter and is on-track to execute its plan 2022 Capital Investment Program of $2.9 billion, which includes infrastructure upgrades, transmission and distribution facilities, as well as the continued rollout of the Clean Energy Future investments and energy efficiency, energy cloud or smart meters, and the electric vehicle charging station infrastructure. PSE&G's forecast of net income for 2022 is unchanged at $1.510 billion to $1.560 billion. Moving on to carbon free infrastructure and other or CFIO. We reported a net loss of $511 million or $1.02 per share for the first quarter of '22 and non-GAAP operating earnings of $163 million or $0.32 per share. This compares to first quarter 2021 net income of $171 million or $0.34 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $173 million or $0.34 per share, which included the results of the divested fossil assets. For the first quarter of 2022, electric gross margin declined by $0.27 per share, primarily due to the completed sale of the 6,750 megawatt fossil portfolio in February, 2022 and the sale of Solar Source. This reduction in gross margin also includes recontracting approximately 8 terawatt hours of nuclear generation, at a $3 per megawatt hour lower average price. Higher margins from gas operations of $0.04 per share compared favorably with the year earlier quarter. Year-over-year cost comparisons were better by $0.21 per share due to the divestitures, driven by lower O&M, depreciation and interest expense that will mainly benefit first half 2022 results. The third and fourth quarters of 2021 reflected the sale of Solar Source in June, the cessation of fossil depreciation due to held-for-sale status from August onward, and the retirement of PSEG Power's outstanding debt in October.  Taxes and other was favorable to the tune of $0.01 per share versus the first quarter of 2021 and parent activity was $0.01 per share, unfavorable, reflecting higher interest expense. I also want to make one point on the NRC decision to revert the peach bottom 2 and 3 licenses of 2033 and 2034, respectively that Ralph mentioned earlier. Because the NRC anticipates that it will complete its environmental analysis before 2033, and we believe the licenses will be updated to the previously extended lives of 2053 and 2054, PSEG has not as adjusted the useful lives of the units, and will continue to depreciate the assets through that period. On the operating side, nuclear generating output increased by over 2% to 8.4 terawatt hours, reflecting the absence of the coast down Hope Creek spring 2021, refueling. The full availability of Hope Creek during the first quarter of 2022, helped the nuclear fleet operate at a capacity factor of 100% in the first quarter. PSEG is forecasting generation output of 21 to 23 terawatt hours for the remaining quarters of 2022, and has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of this production at an average price of $28 per megawatt hour. For 2023, PSEG is forecasting nuclear baseload output of 30 to 32 terawatt hours and has hedged 95% to 100% of this output at an average price of $30 per MWh. And for 2024, PSEG is forecasting nuclear baseload output of 29 to 31 terawatt hours and has hedged 50% to 55% of this output at an average price of $31 per MWh.  The forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings for Carbon-Free Infrastructure and Other is unchanged at $170 million to $220 million for 2022, and this guidance excludes results related to the fossil assets sold in February 2022, as all free cash flow generated in 2022 from the fossil operations prior to the closing were translated into an adjustment to the final purchase price.  With respect to financing in March of 2022, PSEG and PSEG Power consolidated their revolving credit agreements into a master credit facility with total borrowing capacity of 2.75 billion with an initial PSEG sub limit of 1.5 billion and an initial PSEG power sub limit of 1.25 billion. The PSEG sub limit includes sustainability linked pricing mechanism with potential increases or decreases depending upon performance relative to targeted methane emissions reductions.  In addition, PSE&G expanded its existing revolving credit agreement to provide for a billion dollars of credit capacity. Both facilities are extended through March of 2027. As of March 31, PSEG’s total available credit capacity was 3.2 billion in addition to approximately $1.6 billion of cash and short-term investments on PSEG’s balance sheet inclusive of $910 million at PSE&G.  As of March 31, our liquidity position reflects the repayment of $500 million PSEG term loan at maturity in March, repayment of $750 million PSEG term loan due May of 2022 and 500 million of capital being returned through share repurchases. PSEG Power had net cash collateral postings of 1.5 billion at March 31 related to out of the money hedge positions from higher energy prices during the first quarter of 2022.  Collateral postings have continued to increase subsequent to March 31 as power prices have continued to rise. At the end of April, PSEG Power had net collateral postings of approximately 2.6 billion. The majority of this collateral relates to hedges in place through the end of 2023, and is expected to be returned to PSEG Power as it satisfies its obligations under those contracts. In March of 2022, PSEG Power closed on 1.25 billion variable rate three year term loan to relever power after redeeming all long term debt outstanding prior to the sale of our fossil fleet.  At PSE&G, we issued our first Green Bond in March of 2022, consisting of 500 million of secured medium term notes due 2032 under PSEG’s new sustainable financing framework. And subsequent to March 31, PSEG entered into 1.5 billion variable rate term loan and PSEG Power closed on LC facilities totaling 200 million.  Lastly, we have successfully implemented our $500 million share purchase through 250 million of open market purchases, completed earlier in 2022, and an accelerated share repurchase program for the remaining amount that will be completed no later than June of 2022. We are reaffirming PSEG's 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.35 to $3.55 per share with regulated operations contributing approximately 90% of the total.  For the full-year of 2022, PSE&G's net income is forecasted at 1,510 million to 1,560 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings for CFIO is forecasted at 170 million to 220 million. PSEG’s 2022 earnings guidance excludes financial results from the divested fossil assets, and includes the additional interest expense related to the recent financings.  That concludes our formal remarks. And with that, we are ready to take your questions. 
Operator:  The first question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. 
Nicholas Campanella : So just on the higher energy prices, great to see customers well insulated via BGS and I guess just as translates to your unregulated nuclear business, you're partially open on 24 power prices are higher than where the current hedges are today. I think, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that this is helpful to nuclear over the long-term. So I'm just curious, like, has this changed your thinking or your calculus at all and how you're thinking about the long-term ownership of the nuclear fleet? 
Ralph Izzo : No, Nick, so, we we're sticking by the three-part plan that we've had in place, which is that what we really want to see is action in Washington or failing net in New Jersey that provides more stability over the long-term to the revenue stream that nuclear can expect either through production tax credit or an emissions credit along the lines of our Zach. And at that point in time, we'll reach a conclusion as to what the logical long-term positioning of those assets should be. Are we the logical owner or somebody else, the logical owner, but we do think that current markets might make it easier candidly in Washington to score a production tax credit in terms of the impact on the federal budget. And certainly, that would be helpful in New Jersey to reduce the pressure on New Jersey customers. But we're still right now in that Phase 2 of trying to assess how we can get the long-term solution and eliminate some of the volatility that I know our investors and our fans of in terms of the wholesale power market. 
Nicholas Campanella: And if I could just shift to offshore wind quick and just the New York bright auctions, we definitely saw impressive comps out there now. And just thinking about your unused lease bed specifically, the garden state JV with Orstad, it's our understanding that the skip Jack award is out there and – those lease areas might be potentially used for skip Jack, but --- I'm just question on just overall kind of commitment to the offshore program and excess of ocean win one at this point, and how you're thinking about your unused lease bed, if at all? 
Ralph Izzo : So we're having multi-prong conversations with our, that as we still have one more step to go on ocean win one in terms of an FID decision, we're waiting to hear back from the BPU on coastal win link, which we talked about in our remarks. You're right that, -- cannot build out its expansion of Skipjack without making use of our share, or part of our share of the garden state offshore energy lease that we own. When we signed up -- we said we weren't going to do that, as it was going to be one and done that, we wanted to take a look at this market opportunity, which New Jersey is committed to doing 7.5 gigawatts of this in Maryland, probably a couple gigawatts I think is their target at this point in time. But we are looking at the due diligence associated with all these projects and what that means from a return point of view and how that compares with our alternative uses of capital. And rest assured that, unless they exceed what the demands are on a regulated utility on a risk adjusted basis, then we wouldn't go forward. But, if they do, then we do think that this is going to be something that policymakers are committed to do, and we want to be able to participate in that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. 
Shar Pourreza: Ralph, I just want to, just a quick follow-up on Nick's question around the viability or the longevity of the assets within sort of the portfolio. I guess I'm trying to get a sense on why would the outcome of a federal PTC or -- kind of be a deciding factor if these assets are logical for you to own them or not? I mean, is it, or is it more of a function of trying to cement the value of the assets post sort of any kind of policy initiatives? I guess, how do we sort of think about these kind of bookends here, that would be helpful because just trying to get a sense on timing, and if there's any sort of discussions happening.
Ralph Izzo : Yeah, I mean, look, these are really highly performing assets from an operational point of view. If you can come up with an economic construct that makes them look regulated, and by that, I mean you basically in the federal PTC, you have essentially set a price of $44 per megawatt hour for the output, right, as it was originally designed. It could be higher than that. Hopefully people wouldn't complain about that. And it could conceivably be lower than that, if power prices drop below $15 a megawatt hour, which we haven't seen, you never say never.  So, then the question becomes if you have achieved that kind of earning or margin stability, you have done two things. You have either convinced the market that you are a legitimate and natural owner of the plants and it reflect, it gets reflected in your valuation, which would be great, or you haven't convinced the market that you are a natural owner, but you have enhanced the value of those assets for whoever it's natural owner is. So, since nuclear has gained so much favor in international markets and domestic markets and certainly in New Jersey, why would you lose patients and do something sooner than otherwise and leave value on the table, if you are not the natural owner or realize that value, if you are the natural owner you. And so, I pride ourselves on running this company, not for the next few weeks, but for the next few decades. And I think we are going to know a lot in the next couple of months in Washington.  And then, we will turn out attention to New Jersey if Washington proves that, it's unable to act, but the situation in Ukraine has heightened concern over natural gas markets, and what that means for us as domestic uses and what that means for us as LNG exporters. And that has huge implications for the nation's fuel mix for electricity and nuclear has to be a vital part of that. So I think we have some opportunities here, right. To maximize the value of those assets. 
Shar Pourreza: Got it. So just not to paraphrase, but the topic is really around value accretion for another owner versus trying to emulate a regulated type of return within PSE&G? 
Ralph Izzo: No, I think that's the question on the table. Can we fashion a regulated return on those assets through whatever construct we come up with? And I think PSEG gives you a shot at that, but we won't be the ones to determine that that'll be decided in Washington. And failing that, I still think by giving it the kind of predictability and long-term floor price that it's envisioned than that you maximize the value of those plants to whoever the natural owner is. 
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. So a little bit more to come here on that. And then just maybe a little bit minor, but from sort of the fourth quarter to the 1Q the volumes TWh for the assets, the generation volumes went from 31 to a range of 30 to 32 for 23. Is there kind of a reason a Ralph that you're providing a range now versus kind of an absolute number? We would've thought obviously the plans would be running around the clock except for like a refueling outage. So there's any change in the planning assumptions there. And then could we, let me just get a quick update on the operating strategy for the assets in light of the commodity price moves and the policy uncertainty. So what sort of hedge profile is appropriate to kind of maybe maximize value with these externalities? 
Ralph Izzo: Right. So there's zero change in the expected operating performance of the assets. We kind of thought 31 to 33 was a pretty narrow range that has a target midpoint. That shouldn't be a surprise to anyone. And in terms of the hedging profile, we do the three years pro ratable and we do give our folks some flexibility depending upon market moves that seem to be a little bit of an outlier, or maybe deviating from what the fundamentals might predict. And that's why we're a little bit more heavily hedged than we would normally be two years out. But Dan, I don’t know if you want to supplement that, but I'd say no, no massive change. 
Dan Cregg: Yes, sure. There's no change. I guess if you think about, even in my preparative remarks, I talked a little bit about overall volumes, and as we go into an outage, if we have run very well, it has been recent history throughout the entire run since the last refueling added, you end up coasting down on the way in. And so it's those kind of things that can add a little bit of change between what's there. But I think your question was we said 31. Now we said 30 to 32, 31 is dead in that midpoint. So there's really no difference at all. And we're going to operate to be able to continue to have us units on round the clock to be able to capture what's there.  Now we're hedged up front, and as Ralph said, we look at it over three years. We usually have a little band around that. And if we like where prices are, we can move up a little bit. So we're a little bit North of that. If you take a look at where we are on hedges, but don't read anything into a change that says 31 turns 30 to 32, it's the same midpoint. And it just has a little bit of that variability that exists, but it's still frankly it's as much about strong operations and coasting into it originally adage than anything else. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet : I just want to start off on results here. You talked, I think you mentioned them being and just wondering if you could walk us through 1Q results to your full-year guidance here, particularly for CFIO. Are you trending toward the high end of the range here? At least for that segment results seems a bit better than maybe we would've expected there. 
Ralph Izzo : Yeah, Jerry, I mean, I think the one thing that I would look at is some of the shape that we have as you look at the year as a whole. We we'll have a shift in capacity revenues as we go through the year and those will come off based upon the auctions that we've already seen. We have another auction coming up in about a month or so we'll get back to a regular process there, but there's a little bit of tax movement that you see throughout the year as we book to an annual effective tax rate and some of the recontracting has a little shape to it. So I would say that we reiterated guidance for CFIO and kind of hold just to that blanket statement. 
Jeremy Tonet : And now that settlement discussions are active for the IAP, how do you see prospects for reaching a broad agreement among stakeholders at this juncture? 
Ralph Izzo : Jeremy that the temptation's always to give you a play by play, but they are confidential settlement discussions. And I would simply say, look, we go out of our way to pick things that are essential from a reliability point of view and consistent with stay a policy, but those discussions have just started and I want to be respectful of great council and the BPU staff that they've asked us to treat those confidentially and I owe that to them. 
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team and congratulations on this call Ralph -- this time, rather than Ralph, but thank you team. 
Ralph Izzo : There's no end of the abuse we take on this. I just want you to know how hard it was to find another Ralph. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. You just had to. But to that point, listen, in the messaging that you just threw out there with the ETS CAGR range through 25 still intact at five to seven. How do you reconcile that with the current 24 and 25 wholesale forwards, given your likely open position in that time period? I mean, what are the offsets here? I mean, are the headwinds from inflation and pension that real to offset this magnitude of upside and what we've seen in the power price environment? 
Ralph Izzo : Well, Julian, believe it or not, we actually expected that question. So well you look, we try to get the cadence and not change our earnings guidance with every quarterly call for the long-term. So what we'll do is you we'll fill you -- on our hedge position, if you want to predict where the market will be tomorrow, that that's okay. We just try to radically hedge in and in September, we'll have an investor conference and we'll give you ‘23 guidance and multi-year guidance at that point. And a lot of the benefit of a few more months of market purchases and but yeah, we'd rather not start adjusting our four year CAGR or five year CAGR with every quarterly call. So that's how we justify it. 
Dan Cregg: Our -- are going to say Julian, our sales will kind of be what they are. We'll keep giving you that update and just a reminder, because as you take a look at some of the prices that you are seeing, you have got some significantly higher prices in the very near-term than you do further out. And so, if you take a look at, where the overall complex is, you have got the balance of year '22 and '23 are significantly higher than '24 and '25. In '22 and '23 we are hedged, right, so really the opportunity is with, yes, those higher prices that you see '24 and '25, but not nearly as high as you see in '22 and '23.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. I appreciate that dynamic. And Ralph, related here, if we can speak to it, how are you thinking about your conversation with the BPU and others, in an effort to sort of effectuate a longer-term solution? I mean, it seems like a particularly opportunistic moment here to take advantage of the environment to kind of engage in more wholesome discussion with the state and stakeholders, on something that might be more sustainable over long-term and help to provide some de-risking to the upside for customers.
Ralph Izzo: I absolutely agree with you, Jillian. I do think that, forward prices in the market, do offers an opportunity to think about, okay, will the market on its own sustain nuclear units. And is there an opportunity to move away from this three-year cycle that really does impair our ability to make any major long-term decisions about capital improvements or license extension or anything of that nature? So, the production tax credit type of solution at the federal level, of course, as the tremendous benefit of stabilizing margin, while removing the burden on New Jerseyans, and I do think it's perfectly normal for the state to say.  Well, let's sort that out because, absent action at the federal level, then we know we have to address, the long-term stability of the asset, but what we do in the state could vary depending upon what happens at the federal level. So, we don't have to be sequential and wait for an infinite amount of time for the federal government to act. But, as you know, there is talk in Washington right now of a climate only provision, and there is talking that happening so sooner rather than later. But you are spot on, the robustness of the forward price that we are seeing in the market does create an opportunity to stabilize the nuclear units for the long-term.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And I think the, if I hear you right, the key linchpin here is the state, recognize that, you all don't have the visibility you need for the subsequent license extension, which is obviously something that the state would likely be keen towards, but you can't emphasize, you can't invest given the construct at present.
Ralph Izzo: That's exactly right. We can't, nor would I expect anybody else could, if somebody else were to be the logical owner and it's broader than that, right. I mean, these nuclear plants are terrific. But every once in a while, something happens, and it's really tough to do a discount of cash flow over three years and convince yourself that it's going to pay itself off. So you have to prepare for that possibility. And there was another study came out recently by Princeton University, which we funded, but their demands for academic independence, I assure you were at the highest level. And they clearly articulated that, continued operation of those nuclear units was amongst the lowest cost pathways to achieve the state's carbon target. So, I've lost track of how many studies have verified the need for the ongoing operation of those plants beyond their current license life.
Operator: The next question is from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team and Mike congratulations also to Ralph and Ralph. Just I want to go back, I have two questions, one on offshore when generation then a follow up on the transmission piece of it. Just Ralph, can you remind us if there's on the skip check and skip check to opportunity. I guess the partnership, the garden state offshore energy partnership, is there sort of a timeline or expiration data to sort of, when can you make that decision in terms of whether you're going to have ownerships taken the project or not? 
Ralph Izzo: There was no a hard date, I guess we've been telling people you should expect that to be measured in months, rather in weeks, obviously, or that has a obligation to meet the deadlines that they have in Maryland. And they're going to continue in that path, but we don't have a hard and fast deadline for making our decision. It would be nice to make an integrated decision, right? So we have an FID decision on Ocean Wind 1 coming up probably Q1 of next year, late this year. And it would be wise to kind of come up with a bundle of approach. The BPU will give feedback on the coastal win link in October of this year. So it would be months. Dan, did you want to add…
Dan Cregg: Just recalled your guess that the on Skipjack, that was an Orsted bid, and so upon the success of that bid, the opportunity was put to us. So we kind of began our due diligence on the other side of the acceptance of that bid and the winning component of that solicitation. So that the timeline of that really started after that bid was successful. 
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So I guess in terms of months, like in you mentioned the September investor conference, analyst day, would you have a sense of where directionally you were headed here or is that still kind of you'll still be in the decision making phase then? 
Ralph Izzo: Yes. If we do it in September, it would prob -- that would be before we know what's going to happen in offshore wind, just because the BPU was saying, they'll give a decision on transmission in October. And they've been really good about sticking to their promised deadlines on offshore wind, but you always have to assume that there's a potential for some slippage there. And I don't think in any of our thinking, is there an FID decision that would happen as early as a September? So probably we'll know or more, but we won't have decided things by that point. 
Durgesh Chopra : Got it. And then just one quick follow up, Ralph. I mean, you've said previously, roughly over a billion dollars in the transmission offshore opportunities, and I heard you saying your prepared remarks about 1 billion to 3 billion. Is that just obviously that's a pretty large number from the 1 billion, but is that just confidence in your sort of in your bids or sort of what's driving that 1 to 3 versus sort of roughly 1 billion previously. 
Ralph Izzo : Yes. So first of all, the BPU working through this state agreement approach has categorized the transmission investments in really four ways. This kind of an offshore backbone, there's a connection of the backbone to land. And that connection to land could be at an existing facility or a new facility. And then there's the upgrade to the existing grid that need to be made because of those first three pieces. The BPU can decide to give all of that to one bidder. They can decide to give some of that to one bid, some of it to another bid or the BPU can decide, we're going to stick with generator leads.  We don't need to build the transmission network. So they have such tremendous flexibility and latitude in terms of how they want to design transmission for offshore wind that we by definition have to be pretty broad in our range of what's possible. We put 1 billion to 3 billion in terms of if we got the smallest of our projects versus some of the larger projects, but don't misunderstand me. The bottom end of the range could be zero. So we're not guaranteed anything in that solicitation. We happen to think we're the best bidder in the lot. So, and I trust the wisdom of the BP and PJM to recognize as that, but that's by no means guarantees. 
Dan Cregg: I just think that there's, I guess the open nature of the solicitation was such that a lot of different solutions could come about and whether or not it is a series of winning bidders within the solicitation is also something that could end up moving the number around a little bit. So, we did put it in a series of different values and thus the range of different potential outcomes and zero is certainly a possibility. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides : This one may be more for Dan. Dan, can you talk to us about the cash outflows required for collateral postings and how we should think about kind of what happens cash wise, once those postings reverse? How much CA how much actual cash has gone out the door or for postings versus given your strong credit rating or is it not really a cash posting or something else? And how should we think about the timing of if there's cash going out the door when that cash comes back in? 
A – DanCregg : So, I alluded a little bit to it within my remarks and we have some data within the slides as well. And so right now, the number for the amount of cash out the door at the end of April was 2.6 billion. And those are mostly for exchange trades. And very simply the way to think about it is that it's covering the positions that we have hedged and reflective of the Delta between the price that we put the hedge on, we put the sale on and where prices are now. And so if you think about the nature of our overall hedging program, most of the volume for those hedges is within 2022 and 2023. So most of that cash would come back to us as we deliver that power across 2022 and 2023. And so that's one way it comes back to us is by the delivery of that power. The other way it comes back to us is to the extent that you see price declines and the escalation that we've seen in prices coming off some of that would end up in bringing some cash back to us. So that's amount that that's what's posted, and that's how it would end up coming back to us. 
Michael Lapides : So if I think about the balance sheet as of the quarter, and maybe April cause you've posted more in April. And you get 2.6 billion of cash in-flow, roughly ballpark between now and the end of the year, 2023. So call it a 30 month, 32 month timeframe, something like that. What do you do with that money? Where does that money go? That's a lot of money. 
Dan Cregg : Yeah. It is a lot of money. And I think that the simple answer is it, it goes back largely where it comes from. And so we would normally tap a commercial paper program to put some of those postings in place. We've recently put some term loans in place to have that flexibility with respect to the funding. And so that is where you would end up seeing that reverse literally where it came from those areas. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont from Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. And I want to wish both Ralph, all the best in terms of their next move. I guess, if you were to be successful on the $1 billion to $3 billion, would that change your past discussion on no equity need through '25?
Ralph Izzo : No, no. At this point, no. Sorry. I don't, I don't mean to be, overly succinct. But, that was something that we envisioned.
Dan Cregg : Yeah. And another thing is if you think about it, Paul, you are going to end up with that in service date, going out into the latter half of the decade as well. So that the spending in earnest is going to be on the back end of the decade.
Paul Fremont: Okay. Also, when I look at sort of the first quarter, nuclear or fuel cost per megawatt hour, it looks to be a little bit lower than it was last year. I guess we have sort of seen inflation in uranium prices and sort of other components of nuclear fuel cost. What's driving sort of the lower nuclear fuel cost per megawatt hour?
Ralph Izzo : I don't know if Dan has a specific answer to that component. But remember nuclear fuel is purchased over a multiyear period and multiple components. Some of these contracts are done six years in advance of enrichment, the conversion. But Dan, do you...
Dan Cregg: Exactly. And for our facilities, if you kind of break it apart, unit-by-unit a little bit more at the peach bottom side. But Ralph is exactly right. If you think about the actual uranium and the conversion, the fabrication, those are contracts that are put in place over a long period of time. So, what we are amortizing now is many years in the making of the fuel that you are saying on the P&L.
Paul Fremont: Great. And over, so, I mean, the hedges on average run for 6 years, is that sort of a fair assumption?
Ralph Izzo : On a different components of the fuel cycle? Yes, that's correct.
Paul Fremont: And then you talked about sort of the remaining 250 of share repurchase being completed, by June. How much of that second 250 has already been completed?
Ralph Izzo : About 80% of it, Paul. It's predominantly completed. It's an ASR, so the accelerated nature of it is such that the upfront pieces, most of it. And then you just threw it up as you finished the overall purchases. So, most of it is behind us.
Paul Fremont: And last question for me, the date of your next planned New Jersey GRC filing?
Ralph Izzo : The GRC, general rate case filing?
Paul Fremont: Right.
Ralph Izzo : Actually, by the end of '23. 
Dan Cregg: 4th quarter next year.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson : I wanted to touch base with you guys on, I'm sorry, you guys mentioned the life extension and that it wasn't in numbers and -- but I'm just a of wondering what the potential depreciation benefit might be if that were to come about?
Ralph Izzo : Well, so are you talking about the peach bottom life extension or the potential for salem and hope creek life extension? 
Paul Patterson : Both.
Ralph Izzo : On the peach bottom depreciation benefit we already took. That was what, like $2 million a month or something. And we wouldn't dream of a depreciation benefit on salem and hope creek until we had a long term solution for nuclear fully baked and determined that we were the logical owners of that. So I don't even, Dan do you --
Dan Cregg: I don't have a number. So that's a long number of years away, Paul. 
Paul Patterson : Well, I mean, I'm just wondering if you were to get legislation that would enable you guys to go forward with it. Different companies do it differently, but often if you apply for a license extension, for the most part, in other words, often you have companies that we we'll take the -- will adjust the depreciation based on just the ability to file for license extension. Do you file what I'm saying? 
Ralph Izzo : Yes, I do. I would anticipate that we would extend the lives when we have the license extension in hand. 
Paul Patterson : Okay. Like I said, it varies from company companies. So and then with the -- could you just remind us what the book value is on a GAAP basis for those plans? If you don't know, it's okay. I don't need to…
Ralph Izzo : I don't have any, but I mean, the other thing I would say is if you're thinking about a license extension, you're getting to the point where you are going to make that commitment, which is after you have some long-term certainty, then you're going to put the filing together, then you're going to make the filing, and then you're going to get the response from the filing. So really what would matter would be the book value at that time. And there's a lot of daylight between now and then. 
Paul Patterson : Okay. And then the appliance the $0.02 positive, could you just elaborate a little bit more what's driving that? And what the outlook might be associated with that? 
Ralph Izzo : Client services? 
Paul Patterson : Yes. 
Ralph Izzo : I'm sure it was some combination of what we call -- it's called , which is people call us up because their heating system broke, and they didn't have a contract and we go out there. But I don't have the details in front of me right now. Paul, we can get that for you. The other possibility is that the party appliance services contracts, and if the weather was mild enough where we didn't have to go out and service folks with the normal frequency that we might have had a better top line with the lower cost of goods sold in that business. But we can get that specific for you. 
Dan Cregg: I expect there'd be a major driver as we go through the balance of the year. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions. Mr. Izzo, Mr. Cregg, please continue with your closing remarks. 
Ralph Izzo : Thank you, Ludi, and thanks everyone for joining us today. So we're not going to hide Ralph, the other Ralph. He is going to be joining Carlotta, Dan and me for a bunch of upcoming industry conferences. And he'll also be on the next quarterly call. And then I can't count my quarters. I think the one after that, he's going to just run with that and Dan on his own, but we do look forward to seeing all of you in person again. And thanks for joining us today. Take care. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 13:43:07) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Julia, and I will be your event operator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 24, 2022, and will be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Julia. Good morning and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our IR website located at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-K will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings material. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning, everyone. Sadly, the events of today do warrant a slight deviation from our normal beginning remarks. And let me just offer our thoughts and prayers from everyone at PSEG to those of you, who are more deeply and personally affected by the events in Eastern Europe. And of course, we pray for a rapid diplomatic resolution of matters. Let me proceed, however, with a review of our 2021 performance and our outlook for 2022 and beyond. We are, in fact, pleased to report strong operating and financial results for 2021, which marked the 17th year in a row that PSEG has delivered results within management's original or in some cases, our raised non-GAAP operating earnings guidance. So PSEG's GAAP results were $0.88 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021, compared to $0.85 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020. For the full year, PSEG reported a 2021 net loss of $1.29 per share, driven by charges related to the sale of PSEG Fossil. This compares to net income of $3.76 per share in 2020. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.69 per share, compared to $0.65 per share in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Non-GAAP results for the full year 2021 rose to $3.65 per share, compared to $3.43 per share in 2020. For 2021, PSE&G net income increased by 9% above 2020 results and contributed approximately 80% of PSEG's consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings. Slides 15 and 17 detail these results for the quarter and the full year. So we're pleased to report that PSEG has completed the sale of the Fossil portfolio. We closed on the PJM assets on February 18, and the New York and New England assets closed yesterday, having received all required regulatory approvals from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and regulators in Connecticut and New York. I extend my heartfelt thanks to the PSEG Fossil employees for their professionalism throughout the sale process, which resulted in an impressive 2021 operating statistics that actually were among the best in our history. PSEG Fossil's commitment to operational excellence and continuous improvement will continue to inspire all of us at PSEG going forward. The closing of both Fossil sales along with other key priorities achieved during 2021 will support our pursuit of a robust set of regulated and contracted opportunities. PSEG is focused on clean energy and infrastructure investments to drive regulated utility growth with a vision toward powering a future where people use less energy, and it's cleaner, safer and delivered more reliably than ever. PSEG's improved business mix further enhances an already compelling environmental, social and governance profile and will help us achieve that powering progress vision. Let me take a minute to recap a few significant accomplishments from last year. PSE&G initiated investments in its $2 billion Clean Energy Future program that has expanded the traditional definition of rate base while helping New Jersey to achieve its clean energy goals and importantly, will provide customers with options to lower their bills. PSE&G also settled the potential challenge to the return on equity in its FERC transmission formula rate last July, resulting in reduced rates for customers and eliminating a regulatory overhang. In addition, our energy strong investments prove their value in the aftermath of a devastating tropical storm Ida last August, despite floodwaters approaching five-feet in height in parts of New Jersey, all of the Energy Strong hardened substations remained operational and help to minimize customer outages across our system. PSEG Power secured a second three-year term of zero emission certificates, which will carry us through May of 2025, and help to preserve the state's carbon-free nuclear generating resource. We detailed these and other accomplishments at last September's Investor Day, which highlighted a company built around a 2022 business mix that is projected to be 90% regulated. This more predictable and visible earnings platform has enabled PSEG to provide a multiyear earnings growth rate of 5% to 7% from the 2022 guidance midpoint to 2025. PSEG also announced at last year's Investor Day that we would pursue a $500 million share repurchase program and raised the 2022 annual dividend by nearly 6% to $2.16 per share. We have completed half of that repurchase program, and we'll be executing the remaining $250 million in the near future. In addition, our Board of Directors recently declared a $0.54 per share first quarter 2022 dividend at the indicative $2.16 per share annual rate. Supporting our strong financial capabilities is our commitment to operational excellence and continuous improvement. I'm proud to report that for 2021, PSE&G achieved better-than-top decile rankings and OSHA scores for safety and SADE scores, which is an industry standard for reliability as shown on Slide 8. The Utilities JD Power Customer Satisfaction scores improved in both its electric and gas areas and in each of the residential and business customer segments. These results were our highest cumulative scores to date, achieving top quartile ranking in the Eastern group in 3 of the 4 studies. In addition, for the 20th year in a row, PA Consulting recognized PSE&G with its ReliabilityOne Award as the most reliable electric utility in the Mid-Atlantic region. After a sustained period of low natural gas prices, New Jersey and the rest of the country is experiencing increases in energy prices. This has resulted in PSE&G implementing two 5% gas rate increases for this winter's heating season. Yet following these adjustments, our typical gas residential customer bills are still the lowest among our regional peers. On the electric side, monthly residential bills remain below our peer group average, and default supply rates will actually decline this coming June, based on the results of New Jersey's basic generation service auction earlier this month. This will result in a decrease in the average PSE&G electric bill of about 2.8%. Including the BGS rate reduction in June and other requested changes, the combined bill of a typical residential customer will be at least 20% lower compared to more than a decade ago, and 35% to 40% lower when you take into account inflation. Next month, in March, the statewide moratorium on shutoffs to residential electric and gas service, which began in March of 2020, is set to be lifted. And PSE&G in partnership with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and several community groups, is helping customers enroll in several payment assistance programs. Now turning to our 2022 earnings guidance on Slide 9. We have narrowed the range of full year guidance for non-GAAP operating earnings to $3.35 to $3.55 per share from the $3.30 to $3.60 per share initiated last September. The subsidiary guidance ranges for 2022 are narrower also, with a slightly higher midpoint at PSE&G that is 6% above 2021 results and reflects a more predictable earnings profile and improved business mix overall. The narrowed range reflects the benefit of a full year impact of the Conservation Incentive Program and finalizing 2022 pension drivers updated for our December 31 performance measurement date. Last September, we introduced PSEG's five-year 2021 through 2025 Capital Investment Program of $15 billion to $17 billion, with approximately 90% or $14 billion to $16 billion allocated to the utility. This plan is expected to produce 6.5% to 8% compound annual growth in rate base over that same five-year period. Recall that we added the Infrastructure Advancement Program, I'll refer to that as IAP, to our 2021 to 2025 capital plan with an investment to be made over four years to improve the reliability of the last mile or the lower voltage of our electric distribution system. This will also address aging substations, and gas metering and regulating stations and allow us to invest in electric vehicle charging infrastructure at our facilities to support the electrification of the utilities' vehicle fleet. We remain in discussions with the BPU with regard to our IAP proposal. And based on current status of the proceeding, we anticipate BPU action in the autumn of this year. With respect to financing our capital spending program, I will reiterate that we expect our strong cash flow, enhanced financial flexibility and solid investment-grade ratings to enable funding this $15 billion to $17 billion program, as well as our planned investment in Ocean Wind 1 without the need to issue new equity. Now before moving to Dan's financial review, I would like to touch upon some of the exciting new initiatives for future growth. These range from the new Clean Energy Future investments, which enable opportunities for rate base growth behind the meter, to supporting electrification of transportation and a growing mix of renewables into the distribution system, to expanding the aging infrastructure replacement programs that have been the hallmark of our growth this past decade. During 2021, we advanced our regional offshore wind efforts by acquiring a 25% equity interest in Ocean Wind 1 and submitting several onshore and offshore solutions into the New Jersey PJM competitive transmission solicitation with Orsted, our regional offshore wind partner, as well as through stand-alone PSE&G bids for onshore upgrades. We submitted nine solutions into the state agreement approach proposal window being pursued by the BPU with technical assistance from PJM. Seven of those proposals were jointly made with Orsted under our partnership, which we've named Coastal Wind Link. These solutions are designed to deliver thousands of megawatts of offshore wind energy into New Jersey, drawing from PSEG's extensive transmission experience, and Orsted's expertise in offshore wind energy. These projects range from single collectors at various landing points to a linked transmission network out in the ocean, with total project costs ranging from $2 billion to $7 billion. We continue to expect the third or fourth quarter 2022 decision from the BPU on this matter. We're also in discussions with Orsted regarding near-term opportunities and options to expand our offshore wind investments in the Mid-Atlantic by way of our joint ownership of the Garden State Offshore Energy side and Orsted's recent award of the Skipjack 2 project. Turning to our climate advocacy efforts, we are continuing our active dialogue with federal state regulators, PJM and other stakeholders to develop regulatory and market mechanisms that appropriately recognize the value of carbon-free nuclear generation over the long term. As a top 10 producer of carbon-free energy in the United States with a coal-free fuel mix, we're especially supportive of the nuclear production tax credit and clean energy incentives proposed in previous legislative efforts and are hopeful that the broad support for the clean energy measures will result in new legislative proposals in coming months. Let us move through our updated environmental, social and governance summary on Slide 11, where you can see our comprehensive and growing list of action items as well as an equally impressive list of recognition. In 2021, we not only accelerated and expanded PSEG's climate vision by 20 years to net-zero 2030 covering scopes one and two for our entire operations. We also made a significant commitment by signing on to the United Nations Back to Race to Zero campaign, that will validate science-based targets for all 3 scopes of our mission reduction goals. We're fully engaged in meeting this commitment and look forward to updating you on our progress. PSEG was recently named to Just Capital's 2022 Just 100 ranking of America's Most Just companies. That's a lot of justs in there. And we were headed to the 2022 Bloomberg Gender Equality Index as well. Among the many ESG accomplishments and recognition we attained in 2021, I'm gratified that our corporate strategy grounded in sustainability is 1 that is appealing to ESG investors more and more. Finally, I thank the 13,000 strong PSEG workforce contributing to our solid operating and financial results in 2021. The Board of Directors' recent dividend declaration is the 18th annual increase in the last 19 years. Our 2022 dividend marks 115 consecutive years, that PSEG has paid a common dividend to shareholders, one of only a very few companies that can make such a claim. This year's $0.12 per share increase reflects our confidence in the durability of our growth strategy, as well as an ongoing commitment to returning capital to our shareholders. In summary, with the Fossil sale now behind us, we look forward to executing on our robust set of opportunities to grow both the regulated and contracted areas of our business. Solid alignment with the State of New Jersey's energy policy goals and our cost-conscious focus on the customer bill, continue to underpin our approach to regulated growth investments, that powers progress in New Jersey, which has been our core mission for the last 119 years and counting. I’ll now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results, and we’ll be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. As Ralph mentioned, the full year and fourth quarter 2021 PSEG reported a net loss of $1.29 per share related to the fossil sale charges and mark-to-market impacts and net income of $0.88 per share, respectively. PSEG also reported full year and fourth quarter 2021 non-GAAP operating earnings of $3.65 per share and $0.69 per share, respectively. We’ve provided you with information on Slides 15 and 17 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2021. And Slide 16 and 18 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, and non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. And I’ll now review each company in more detail. For the full year, PSE&G net income increased by $119 million or approximately 9%, compared to 2020 results. This improvement reflects a 10% increase in rate base to $24.5 billion at year-end 2021, driven by our investment programs focused on infrastructure replacement, resiliency and beginning our Clean Energy Future investments. We also note on Slide 32, approximately $1.2 billion of Construction Work In Progress, or CWIP, mostly transmission, not included in that year-end 2021 rate base numbers. For the fourth quarter of 2021 PSE&G’s net income was $0.53 per share, compared to net income of $0.58 per share for the fourth quarter of 2020. As shown on Slide 20, transmission margin was $0.01 per share lower compared to the year earlier quarter, reflecting the formula rate settlement implemented earlier in 2021, partly offset by growth in rate base and a benefit from O&M timing. Gas margin was $0.03 per share favorable, reflecting GSMP roll-ins and the implementation of the Conservation Incentive Program, or CIP, compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Electric margin was $0.01 per share higher, compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, also reflecting ongoing investments and the adoption of the CIP. O&M expense was a $0.01 unfavorable versus the year-earlier quarter. Higher distribution depreciation expense reduced results by $0.01 per share, reflecting higher planned service. Lower pension expense added $0.02 per share versus the year ago quarter, and as we signaled last quarter, flow-through taxes and other or $0.08 per share unfavorable, reflecting the expected reversal of similar positive impacts in taxes in the second and third quarter 2021 net income. The New Jersey economy continued to recover from COVID-related restrictions throughout 2021, as more people returned to work outside the home and commercial activity stabilized. For the full year, weather-normalized electric sales were flat versus 2020 and weather-normalized gas sales were slightly higher, up 0.3% over 2020. I should note with the CIP now in effect for electric and gas, growth in the number of customers, not sales, will drive net income for the utility. The number of electric and gas customer rose by approximately 1% each in 2021. PSE&G invested over $770 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 and fully executed on its planned full year $2.7 billion electric and gas infrastructure capital spending program in 2021 to upgrade transmission and distribution facilities, enhance reliability and increase resiliency, and launch its Clean Energy Future programs. We’re on track to meet our higher $2.9 billion capital plan for 2022, and while we’re seeing pockets of delays affecting certain equipment procurement, we are managing our work accordingly and do not expect that conditions will affect the overall capital plan. As detailed on Slide 31, approximately $865 million of our 2022 Capital Plan is allocated to transmission, $840 million to electric distribution, which includes over $200 million in Energy Strong II, $940 million in gas distribution, which includes over $400 million for GSMP II, and $275 million for our award-winning energy efficiency programs. Of these amounts, the vast majority, about 90%, receives contemporaneous or near-contemporaneous regulatory treatment, either through the FERC formula rate cause recovery mechanisms or recovered in base rates as replacement spend or new business. As a reminder, the Conservation Incentive Program is now in effect for both electric and gas sales with the implementation for the electric side of the business last June and for gas last October. This mechanism removes the variations of weather economic activity, efficiency and customer usage from our financial results, resetting margins to a baseline level per customer. The mechanism supports PSE&G’s ability to promote maximum customer participation in energy efficiency programs without the loss of margin from lower sales, and retains earnings impacts based on the number of customers. And as a reminder, PSE&G suspended its gas weather-normalization charge in October 2021 when the gas CIP began. We continue to expect the remaining balance of PSE&G’s Clean Energy Future filings, which includes energy storage and the remaining EV programs, will be addressed in future stakeholder proceedings. Moving on to Power. For the full year 2021, PSEG Power reported a net loss of $4.09 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.86 per share, respectively. For the fourth quarter of 2021, PSEG Power had net income of $0.40 per share, an increase of $0.10 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Power also reported fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.21 per share, an increase of $0.11 per share over the year earlier quarter. In both instances, the quarterly improvement mainly reflected the cessation of depreciation expense related to the Fossil sale and lower interest expense following the redemption of PSEG Power’s remaining long-term debt in October of 2021. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $179 million for the quarter and $896 million for the full year 2021. This compares to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $182 million and $990 million for the fourth quarter and full year 2020, respectively. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax, interest expense, depreciation and amortization. The earnings release and Slide 25 provide you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on PSEG Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income quarter-over-quarter from changes in revenue and cost. And we’ve also provided you with added detail on generation for the fourth quarter and the full year on Slide 26. Gross margin for both the fourth quarter and full year 2021 was $30 per megawatt hour, a decline of $2 per megawatt hour over the fourth quarter and full year of 2020, mainly reflecting prior recontracting at lower prices. As we turn to Power’s operations, total generation output for the fourth quarter of 13.3 terawatt hours was 9% higher than the fourth quarter of 2020. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity of 88.5% during the quarter producing 7.6 terawatt hours, which represented 57% of total generation. The combined cycle fleet produced 5.7 terawatt hours of output and operated at a 49.4% capacity factor. For the full year, 2021 generation totaled 54 terawatt hours, up 2% over 2020. And the nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 91.9% for the full year, and produced over 31 terawatt hours of carbon-free baseload power, representing 58% of total generation. PSEG is forecasting total baseload nuclear generation of 31 terawatt hours for the full year 2022, hedged 95% to 100% at an average price of $29 per megawatt hour, representing an approximate $3 per megawatt hour decline from2021. For 2023, nuclear generation is forecasted to be 31 terawatt hours and is 85% to 90% hedged at an average price of $28 per megawatt hour. And for 2024, total nuclear generation is forecasted to be 30 terawatt hours and is hedged 45% to 50% at an average price of $31 per megawatt hour. For 2022, PJM capacity prices, determined in previous auctions, are expected to provide approximately $150 million of revenue for our nuclear units. This is based on EMAC pricing of $166 per megawatt day for the first five months, followed by a scheduled decline to $98 per megawatt day for the last seven months of 2022. The next PJM capacity auction for the 2023 to 2024 delivery year is expected to be held in June of 2022. Now let me briefly address results of Enterprise and Other, where we reported a net loss that increased by $0.02 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 as a result of higher contributions to the PSEG Foundation and interest expense, partly offset by lower taxes. PSEG ended 2021 with approximately $2.9 billion of available liquidity, including cash on hand of $818 million and debt representing 57% of our consolidated capital. During 2021, PSEG issued $715 million of senior notes at 84 basis points due November 2023 and $715 million of 2.45% senior notes due 2031. And we also retired $300 million of senior notes at maturity. As Ralph mentioned earlier, PSEG redeemed all remaining outstanding senior notes of PSEG Power in connection with the sale of Power’s Fossil generating units. The receipt of the Fossil sale proceeds supports the share repurchase program and provides cash to help repay funds borrowed from the parent for the power debt redemption. We’re providing 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for PSE&G, with an updated description for the remaining businesses for nuclear, offshore wind, gas operations, Long Island, and other investments as well as power financing costs to be described as carbon-free infrastructure and other. For the full year of 2022, PSE&G’s net income is forecasted at $1,510 million to $1,560 million, and reflects the benefit of contemporaneously recovered investments and the full year benefit of the CIP. Non-GAAP operating earnings for carbon-free infrastructure and other is forecasted at $170 million to $220 million. PSEG’s 2022 operating earnings will exclude results from the Fossil assets and the free cash flow previously generated from the Fossil units translates into an adjustment in the purchase price. PSEG also raised its common dividend by $0.12 per share to the indicative annual level of $2.16, a 5.9% increase over 2021. The 2022 indicative rate represents a 63% payout ratio of consolidated earnings at the midpoint of our 2022 guidance and utility earnings alone are expected to cover 140% of the dividend at the midpoint of 2022 guidance. That concludes our formal remarks. To summarize the non-GAAP results for the quarter was $0.69 per share for the full year were $3.65 per share. And for 2022 we’ve narrowed our guidance to $3.35 to $3.55 per share. With regulated operations contributing about 90%. The narrowing of our guidance reflects the setting of our 2022 pension expense, which incorporates strong investment returns through year end 2021, offset by a more conservative portfolio composition, given a strong year end funded status. As Ralph mentioned, our strong cash flow, improved financial flexibility and solid investment grade profile will enable us to fund PSEG’s five year $15 billion to $17 billion capital program, as well as our planned Ocean Wind 1 investment without the need to issue new equity. And with that, Ralph and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just what to start with, given the significant intention on offshore projects and cost increases here, I just wanted to get your latest thoughts on this part of the business. And if there’s any color you could provide on kind of return expectations.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Jeremy. Yes, I think our message has been pretty consistent on this, that we look at the returns and that could come from these projects and it’s just upon them being above our regulated opportunities. The nature of the relationship with the state is that the commercial risk is minimized by virtue of the fixed price with escalators, but this clearly operational construction risk that would exceed what we’re normally accustomed to in the utility. So we look at the earnings accretion potential in those returns and we haven’t given a specific number except to say that they have to be higher than the utility. And we’re pleased that we think it’s a regional opportunity for us, the state’s committed to going forward. I will say there’s been a lot of discussion around this topic of late, and it just feels like some of the enthusiasm and exuberance for this that we questioned early on has been tamped down a bit, but over that period of time, we’ve learned a lot more about the capabilities and skills of our partner, and we’ve learned a lot more about the commitment of other states and the development of the supply chain. Some of the regulatory hurdles that have been eased by virtue of some state actions and some federal actions. So our initial early caution has actually been diminished and it feels like the lines are converging in terms of what the return expectations are from these projects. But suffice to say that we do have an internal set target, and we’ll be disciplined about making sure that we exceed that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thank you for that. And then just wondering as you look into D.C., if there are any thoughts you could share with regards to not maybe build back better itself, but the energy policy elements there, and if you see hope for that past moving forward in some fashion?
Ralph Izzo: I do. I mean I think we’re all right now in a little bit of a holding pattern. Clearly, there are current events that are superseding build back better and issues around energy policy. I do think, however, though, the current events are going to motivate additional conversation around energy policy and how comfortable are we as a nation with sort of the increased globalization of gas prices, right? I mean gas markets used to be very, very regional, very tightly priced. And clearly, some of the dependency that our allies in Europe have on Russian gas is going to be a factor in LNG exports, which is going to be a factor in prices here in the U.S. So I think we have a new dynamic that over the long-term has a positive read through to our nuclear fleet and to renewable energy. The near-term is going to be a little bit tougher to predict. But I think in general, I’m optimistic that the provisions that were first motivated by climate change and now I think can also be motivated by energy security are both positive forces for us.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hi. Can you hear me? Ralph, I just wanted to get your perspective on the value of nuclear to sort of PSEG and more broadly kind of in the market? I mean, obviously, you envision some sort of a policy change at the federal level. And as a follow-up, just given the recent public mark for the asset, how do these sort of factors play into the value proposition for long-term ownership of the nuclear assets? I guess, sum it all up, do you see value to transitioning to a pure distribution business – single-state pure distribution business?
Ralph Izzo: So Shar, it’s good to hear from you. I’m going to ask you to have a little bit of patience with us as we focus on that question. And the reality is we’re going to let our investors determine, who the logical owner of nuclear is in the future. Our priority is right now the continued outstanding operations that we’ve realized. And Dan talked about a 92% capacity. In fact, I think it was 91.9%. I can’t re-round those numbers up. And we just talked to Jeremy about the importance of nuclear from a climate change and energy security point of view. I think I’m confident we can resolve those issues, if not at the federal level, certainly at the New Jersey state level within the calendar year. And once that’s done, if PSE&G doesn’t get the kind of recognition that it deserves, that I believe it deserves in the market, co-located with nuclear, then I think the market will really be signaling us that maybe we’re not the natural owners of it. But there’s a couple of things that I want to get done before we jump to any conclusions, because it is a well-run operation that contributes to earnings and is a fairly steady earnings producer. I mean, it’s not – we’re not hedging the spark spread here. We’re not following full requirements to load contracts. We’re a base load generator that can be hedged pretty comfortably over a three-year period, and be part of a fairly stable earnings stream. But as is often the case with us, we pay very careful attention to what the market and our investors are telling us. And I will give you a more definitive answer to that in the not-too-distant future, but right now, we’ve got just a couple of tasks ahead of us that we want to resolve.
Shar Pourreza: No, that’s helpful. And that’s pretty consistent to what you’ve been saying. So thank you for that. And then just maybe just the CapEx question here. The current plan remains at around $17 billion top end. What level of spending, if any, just remind us, is embedded for offshore wind, the transmission proposals and any supporting infrastructure? And do you have an update around Ocean Wind 2? Sorry, sorry, if you highlighted that, but I had to jump on late. Thank you.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And maybe we’re following accounting a little bit. But if you think about what’s in that $15 billion to $17 billion, you do not have the Ocean Wind 1 investment in there. That’s going to be accounted for as an equity interest in a joint venture. So it is separate and apart from that $15 billion to $17 billion, Shar. And I would say the same with the Ocean Wind Link there. There’s some modest dollars you can think about from the standpoint of the onshore infrastructure that would be necessary that is going to support offshore wind more generally. But the Ocean Wind Link spending – think about offshore wind as being outside of that $15 billion to $17 billion.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And any just Ocean Wind 2? Is there any sort of updates there at all?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, nothing brand-new there, Shar. I think it’s safe to say, though, that we have a series of conversations underway that are related to Ocean Wind 2, Skipjack, potential further upside in Ocean Wind 1 and they all fall into this notion of what are the return expectations that can be derived from each of those.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thank you guys so much. Appreciated
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How are you doing?
Ralph Izzo: Great, Paul. How are you?
Paul Patterson: All right. So just to sort of follow-up on offshore wind and you guys with a history of being conservative and looking at risk-adjusted rate of returns and mentioning that there is quite a bit of excitement out there among parties looking to get into the business. Is there any potential of – obviously, it depends on what you see out there, but I’m wondering if you’ve been approached or is there any potential for potentially monetizing it if, in fact, you guys see more opportunity? The risk-adjusted rate of return compared to other things and what people are offering, it looks like you can maybe monetize it.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I mean there's always that opportunity, right. Paul, you never say never, I just said never. I mean, we monetized the social – the solar assets that we had 400-plus megawatts. So that could be something. I think it's premature to monetize something that still has a pretty robust growth trajectory and is right in our regional wheelhouse and has some enormous potential from a transmission point of view.  But yes, I mean, we would always be open to that. I mean our core business is the regulated utility. It's beyond core. It's the dominant part of our business, right, 90%. But folks always know we're open to inquiries that enhance shareholder value.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to the – you mentioned the PJM and the BPU selection for transmission associated with offshore wind in the Q3 and Q4. I'm just curious, is that just going to be an announcement of – do you think there'll be any short list that will be provided sort of in the interim? Or do you think it's just going to be a sort of a selection of the winner, so to speak, or the winners when it's finalized?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So the short answer to that is I don't know. I mean, the BPU has always prided itself on transparency and visibility and public outreach. So that would lead me to say, yes. But I think so little will be known just coming out of PJM in terms of the other criteria that the BPU may want to apply that would lead me to say, no, that it would be too premature. So the most accurate answer is we just don't know. We have some vague dates that have been given to us. We do know that the BPU wants to get this done before the next solicitation, which goes out, I think, in the third quarter. And so if you want people to bid an offshore wind farm based upon knowledge of what they might have by way of transmission assets, then that would argue for Q3 results from the BPU. But there's a lot of flexibility built into the SAA approach that allows the BPU to take advantage of the transmission proposals or not, depending upon what the ultimate wind farm there is that gets proposed.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just finally on electric efficiency and that you guys are big on making a big effort in that. I'm just sort of – and I realize the way the investment works and what have you. But I'm just sort of wondering what – given COVID and everything, it looks like essentially growth was sort of flat this year. Over the next several years or next three to four years, what do you expect sales growth to sort of be in your region given COVID and of course, the energy efficiency efforts that you guys are making a big effort on?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So I mean I think we have a less than 1% projected growth rate for electric sales. We're going to do our best to turn that into a negative number. Because, again, our business is not predicated on electric sales. It's predicated on electric value and with an aging infrastructure that cannot meet the challenges of today's weather patterns or today's customer expectations. We have a huge task ahead of us of replacing that aging infrastructure. And the customer side of the meter, there's a huge opportunity set for us in the point of view of customer bills and climate change impact. And again, this isn't Foo Foo Dust. I mean, the way in which we continue to make money off these infrastructure investments is by basically sharing the fuel cost savings with our customers, but we're not the fuel business. So that's a real win-win for us and our customers.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Paul, just what Ralph is referencing is as we went into this upsize of the energy efficiency program in conjunction with the state, I mean it's about a tenfold increase in our investment amount. And so it was increasingly important at that point to ensure that lost revenues from those sales did not create a disincentive with respect to the program. So that's when this conservation center program went in place that essentially separated the sales volumes and the revenue that we see from the volume of the product that we sell.  And so that all made sense to get all of the incentives aligned, but it also dampened the implications to us from the standpoint of what sales are. It's more about numbers of customers than it is about actual sales volumes.
Paul Patterson: That’s really helpful. Thanks so much appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research.
Ralph Izzo: Hello.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Just checking handy, so one quick question. You gave a stat on the bill impact from BGS. I think it was – I think I heard 2.8%, something like that. Was that the supply rate? Or is that the average bill? And just maybe a quick headline on what – how that sort of works?
Ralph Izzo: That's the bill impact, Jonathan, the whole bill, not just the supply rate.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And that's based on the auction that just happened effectively.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that was driven by – you may recall, because of the delays in PJM capacity auctions. There was an assumed capacity price that was in prior BGS auctions that ended up being much higher than what the actual capacity price turned out to be.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Okay. That's great. Thank you. And then I did – can you – sorry if I missed this, but could you maybe just talk, Ralph, about where you are on your efforts with the state to term out your nuclear?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Yes. So by the way, that 2.8% bill impact was by way of reminder, that's a residential number. It obviously varies by rate cost. I think – we've now had three spirited conversations about the importance of nuclear in New Jersey in the last four years. We had the creation of the legislation for the ZECs and we had two rounds of ZECs. And my sense from policy leaders, both elected officials, regulators, key staff members, is we need these plants to run at least until 2050, which is actually beyond the current license. And asking ourselves that question every three years, the sentiments are it just sort of being and nobody really has that in them. So there's very much a strong desire to expand the duration of the support. There's an equally strong desire to see what happens at the Federal level, however, before one acts on that. Yes, just a simple thing to think about, Jonathan, I won't take all with this is, right now, the New Jersey legislation says, if its Federal money for the carbon attributes of nuclear than the state ZEC support goes down. Well, if you were to take the proposed production tax credit, as it was originally envisioned, and build back better, what that would mean is that as power prices went up, the state ZEC dollars would go down, would go up, I'm sorry, because the Federal money goes down as power prices go up. So power prices rise, state increases its ZEC contribution. Power prices go down, state decreases its ZEC contribution. That's exactly the opposite of good public policy, right? So hopefully, I didn't confuse you with that, but I'm sure that we can clarify further if need be. The point is that the state policy should be working in partnership with whatever the Federal policy is, and that's not been established as yet.
Jonathan Arnold: So just in terms of how – because if it takes us a while, if Federal issues are sort of pushed off to the right, like is there some chance we could have action in the states this year or just any thoughts about timing?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, we've already started those conversations, and we would – of course, we would follow the lead of our legislators and our governor, but we would encourage action sometime this year to certainly begin in anticipation of what a Federal outcome might look like. But hopefully, we would be able to initiate that action based upon Federal resolution. It's just tough to estimate what a Federal calendar might look like in light of the very complex set of issues facing us in Washington right now.
Jonathan Arnold: And just to tie things together. If I hear you right, you're not inclined to sort of make a strategic decision about nuclear until these things have sort of had time to work out, but you did say you would be fine to give us an update relatively soon. So just trying to square those two statements.
Ralph Izzo: That's exactly right. Look, the reality is people have already expressed an interest in our nuclear plants, and they're outstanding assets. The issue is how do you firm up the longer-term economic treatment beyond a three-year time frame. And I think we're the ones who are best positioned to do that, whether with a natural owner or somebody else's. And that's what we're hard at work to resolve right now.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And Jon, another thing maybe to think a little bit about is that there's been: number one, I think that the support for nuclear as we've gone through these various stages that Ralph talked about, has grown over time and what support was there is cemented, and I think others have come on to be more supportive. And it founded its way through ZEC 1, ZEC 2. Well, the ZEC 3 process that I think is a little bit torturous to work our way through and everybody involved has commented on that. Frankly, it starts barely early on within 2023 and so I think that not wanting to go through another one of those shorter-term determinations and trying to go to a longer-term solution, could inspire some action before that starts, and that starts into – at the end of the first quarter of 2023, if I'm not mistaken. So there is an outside data out there with respect to trying to get something done before to avoid the next cycle, three years and moving on to a longer-term solution.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Maybe just one quick housekeeping item. You said you've done half of the $500 million. How much of that was done so before year-end, and then I guess we'll get this in the K, but any chance of the year-end share count, just to help us with model?
Dan Cregg: Not having that precise number in front of you, I'll make you wait for that. But you can think of it more as being a 2022 than a 2021 event.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you guys.
Jonathan Arnold: Got you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Actually, Julian on for Paul. Yes. Good morning everyone. Thanks for the time. Just wanted to come back to the – yes, good morning. Just quickly, I wanted to come back to the nuclear conversation and apologies to do it. With respect to credit metrics, obviously would you anticipate your credit metrics to be further relaxed to the extent of which you were to divest it? I just want to understand some of the incremental latitude to the extent to which you see that? And then separately, how do you think about like a litmus test on earnings accretion? Or given the thing that would be involved, could it be value accretive to divest without earnings? I'm just sort of thinking conceptually without asking that time line?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Julien, I think on the – we haven't given a precise number with respect to where things would go. I think if you think about where the credit metrics moved from the standpoint of with and without fossil, I think that there's probably increment in that same direction with respect to nuclear. And so I think there has not been a firm number that we put out, but I think you would become even more regulated and that would be positive from a credit perspective. And I don't think there's an accretion dilution answer to give you necessarily. I mean, we would take a look at the overall value, the accretion dilution on the ground, but also the valuation of the company that Ralph was talking about before. So we look at both of those aspects with respect to what we've been doing in that situation.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. But the point is it doesn't necessarily need to be earnings accretive in order to move forward, given as you all think about the risk weight out there?
Ralph Izzo: Value that matters, right? Quality of earnings multiple expansion.
Dan Cregg: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Excellent. And then just a quick follow-up here on the IEP. How conversations with stakeholders progressed on the remaining infrastructure program here? I mean do you see the opportunity to achieve a constructive stipulation before the autumn time line that you talked about a moment ago?
Ralph Izzo: We've had a pretty good track record of resolving these issues through settlement process, and that would be my prediction here again, Julien. So – but you can never guarantee that. But we're proposing to do things that are completely consistent with the state energy master plan. That is a huge social justice component associated with it in terms of job creation for underemployed members of our community. So I really think it's a perfect fit for things that the state has said it wants to do. So I would be very surprised if we couldn't settle something eventually, but can't guarantee it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So look for something in the summer or something like that?
Ralph Izzo: I think so. It's early autumn.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Exellent. We will leave it there. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Let's see, it's been a thorough call, but maybe just one question I had was the thoughts on customer growth going forward after posting 1% growth in both electric and gas this past year. Wondering if that's in the ballpark that you would expect going forward?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I think that's a reasonable number to use on a go-forward basis. It's if we look back over time and forward, you're kind of in that ballpark. That's a reasonable assumption, David.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. And then maybe just any thoughts on the timing of the remaining $250 million in buybacks?
Daniel Cregg: We haven't put a firm data out there, but I think our language that we said was in the near future. And so I would think about it fairly near term.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks. That’s all I had.
Daniel Cregg: Thanks, David.
Carlotta Chan: Juli, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning and thank you for the update and the call. Just one question, if I may. Could you comment on kind of like the recent spike energy prices will impact you've seen in your customer bills? And I appreciate your comments that you're not in the energy business, right? But your customers are, nonetheless, presumably seeing some spikes in their overall bills and how bad is it right now? And do you expect that these increases will somehow inform the some future proceedings with the BPU or elsewhere?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Sophia, I think that the mechanisms that New Jersey uses leaves us some pretty good stead with respect to what you're seeing here. And it works both ways. So we've seen commodity prices come down over time, and the mechanisms at a slower kick in of some of those reductions, which they have seen. And when you see spikes in time, the impact similarly are going to be slower to find their way to the bill. And frankly, the duration of those spikes might be such that they don't find their way on the bill. And what I mean by that one is, if you think about the BGS auction that we referenced earlier that just happened, that was a re-up of one-third of the obligation to customers for three years with the other two-thirds being based upon the last two year auctions. And so those auctions happen once a year in February, starting in June. So the – depending upon what you see from a pricing impact and how long it lasts, you'll either see one-third of the supply side move through over time and increase or to the extent that you have shorter-term perturbations that don't get bid into that February auction, you won't see it at all. So we talked about an overall reduction from the most recent auction. And again, that was driven by the update to the capacity prices going from using a prior price to using what the actual prices actually were and that true-up was a big driver in bringing that build down. On the gas side, we can implement 5% increases to the bill, and we have done that as we have stepped through time. But in the overall scheme of things, those are limited in how they get moved through. So I think you don't see spikes on customer bills. You tend to see things get moderated by virtue of the mechanisms that have been put in place, which I think are very helpful from that perspective. And if you do see longer-term changes in prices, that's when you're going to start to see things move its way through the bill.
Sophie Karp: Terrific. Thank you. Very helpful color. Appreciated.
Daniel Cregg: Thanks, Sophie.
Operator: That is all the time that we have for questions. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. Hopefully, you've gotten the information you need. But I know from Carlotta and Dan, that we will be on the road at a couple of major conferences coming up in the next few days, and we'll be more than happy to meet with folks and provide greater clarity. But at the end of the day, I just can't help but overemphasize, we are well on track to deliver on what we promised we would deliver last September. The dividend increase is in place. The share repurchase program is well underway. The growth rate is intact. And we are 90% regulated utility and another the 10% is basically a contract on Long Island, strong nuclear operations and an ongoing gas supply contribution. So we're excited about the opportunities and prospects going forward in terms of the utility capital program being the underlying driver of our growth. But the additional augmented opportunities that may come from regional offshore wind, all under a very, very strong balance sheet that is in the – as far as the eye can see, not in need of additional equity. So – we can provide more color when we see you in person, and we look forward to that opportunity. Thank you all. Have a safe and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Jesse, and I'm your event operator for today. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference entitled to Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, November 2, 2021, and will be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's Investor Relations website at investor.pseg.com. I'll now turn the call over to your moderator for today, Carlotta Chan. Ma'am, you may go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Jesse. Good morning. PSEG has posted its third quarter 2021 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company on our website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income or loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings material. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Marla, and to all of you for joining us on our call this morning. As you have seen, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.98 per share for the third quarter of 2021 versus $0.96 per share in the year ago quarter. GAAP results for the third quarter were at $3.10 per share net loss related to transition charges at PSEG Power, and they compare with a $1.14 per share of net income for the third quarter of 2020. In this year's quarter, PSEG Power recorded a pretax impairment loss of approximately $2.17 billion to reflect the announced sale of its fossil generating fleet that includes $13 million of other related costs. Results for the third quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the first 9 months of 2021 to $2.96 per share. The 6.5% increase over non-GAAP results of $2.78 per share for the first 9 months of 2020 reflects the growing contribution from our regulated operations and continued derisking at PSEG Power. Slides 12 and 14 summarize the results for the third quarter and the first 9 months of 2021. The third quarter of 2021 was one of the most significant in recent PSEG history. Since July, we've announced the sale of Power fossil fleet and reached the transmission rate settlement that will help lower customer build. In addition, at our recent investor conference, we announced an increase in our 5-year capital spending plan by $1 billion, a $0.12 per share increase to the common stock dividend for 2022, a $500 million share repurchase program expected to be implemented upon the close of the fossil sale and initiated a 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth projection over the 2022 to 2025 period. On the ESG front, we advanced our decarbonization efforts with the elimination of coal in our fuel mix this past June. Our participation in the New Jersey Wind port and ongoing consideration of regional offshore wind opportunities in generation and transmission, demonstrates our alignment clean energy agenda. And our Clean Energy Future program was recently named a star of energy efficiency recipient in . Of critical importance, we have staked out a leadership position in the industry by accelerating our net 0 vision to 2030 and joining the UN-backed Race to Zero campaign that will put us on a test to establish science-based targets to all of our missions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3. Later this week, I will be attending the conference of parties referred to as COP 26 to engage with policymakers and further support emissions reduction goals. This includes advocating for climate action now and advancing the case for preserving existing nuclear generation. This month, we issued a combined sustainability and climate report that outlines our progress to date and commitments for the future. We intend to continue taking meaningful climate action in response to the increased frequency and severity of extreme weather in our service area. Speaking of extreme weather, tropical storm Ida soaks parts of New Jersey was nearly 9 inches of rain within a 24-hour period and caused extensive flooding throughout the state. Our past and current Energy Strong investments that hardened flood-pro energy infrastructure brought tremendous benefit to customers during Ida, minimizing the damage to adaptive substations and switching stations and keeping them operational. That said, the extreme weather did read Havoc throughout our service area and our thoughts go out to the families who lost loved ones to the storm and to the community still recovering from flood damaged homes and businesses. To continue these enhancements and bring them closer to the customer, we are expanding our reliability improvement programs to the last mile of work we will propose in our upcoming infrastructure advancement program, which we plan to file with the BPU in a few days. This proposal, if approved, would direct approximately $848 million of investment over a 4-year period to improve the reliability of our electric distribution system, addressing aging substations and gas metering and regulating stations and electric vehicle charging infrastructure at PSE&G facilities that will support the planned electrification of the utility fleet, all of this while serving the dual purpose of creating important high-quality jobs and helping to further stimulate the New Jersey economy. The foundation of results for the quarter was the solid operating performances by both PSE&G and PSEG Power. This summer, the third hottest on record contributed to the hottest first 9 months we've ever recorded, pushing a number of total hours with temperatures exceeding 90 degrees or greater, nearly 65% higher than the same period in 2020 and versus normal, thereby increasing peak demand. The conservation incentive program effective since June 1 for electric and October 1 for natural gas provides recovery for variations in customer usage due to weather, economic conditions and energy efficiency, thereby enabling the utility to promote maximum customer participation in energy efficiency programs without the loss of margin from lower sales. This also has a stabilizing effect on our margins more broadly. The continued reopening of the New Jersey economy is unwinding some of the shift in sales experienced during most of 2020. Residential electric sales declined adjusted for weather as more people return to work, school and other activities outside the home, partly offset by higher commercial and industrial sales. Due to the warmer-than-normal summer weather and the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions, the daily peak load for the quarter topped out at 9,620 megawatts compared to last year's third quarter daily peak, which was slightly less at 9,557megawatts. Our peak load for the year remains the 10,064 megawatts we hit on June 30, which exceeded the 10,000 megawatt mark for the first time since 2013. Moving to the Zero Carbon and infrastructure side of PSEG. We recently announced that we have submitted several joint proposals to New Jersey's competitive state agreement approach, open window to build offshore wind transmission infrastructure. These joint proposals submitted with Orsted are collectively named the coastal wind link and leverage the experienced partnership of PSEG and Orsted in New Jersey energy infrastructure, our commitment to diverse suppliers and our mature working relationships with local building and construction trades. The proposals cover onshore upgrades, new onshore transmission connection facilities, new offshore transmission connection facilities and a networked offshore transmission system in any stand-alone configuration or combination. PJM is providing the technical analysis and recommendations to the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, who will make the final decisions based on an evaluation of reliability and economic benefits, cost, constructability, environmental benefits, permitting risks and other myriad New Jersey benefits. A BPU decision is not expected before the third or fourth quarter of 2022. FERC has granted PJM's request to delay the next capacity auction covering the 2023, 2024 energy year to late January 2022. This revised time line places the 2024, 2025 auction into August of 2022 and the '25-'26 auction into February of 2023. These upcoming capacity auctions will provide additional surety to the gross margin of our nuclear fleet in the outer years of our 2021 to 2025 planning horizon. Nuclear Power's economic struggles are a national challenge that call for a broad federal solution so that individual states like New Jersey aren't shouldering more than their share of the loan. We are continuing efforts to secure support for existing at-risk nuclear plants in the federal tax code, the House version of the build back better infrastructure legislation currently contains an 8-year production tax credit for existing nuclear at $15 per megawatt hour, with the value of the credit declining as market revenues increase. The proposal has support in the Senate and from the Biden administration. While passage is not assured , this would be an impactful provision for the nation's nuclear fleet, and we are hopeful that commerce can enact this fall. You may recall that the New Jersey's ZEC law contained considerable customer protections and specifically requires that state 0 emission certificate payments that I just referred to a moment ago as ZEC payments, be offset by any out-of-market payment compensating nuclear for the same 0 carbon attribute. Specific to the nuclear production tax credit, the value of the PTC for our New Jersey units would reduce the ZEC payment up to the maximum $10 per megawatt hour. However, the ZEC would not reduce the value of the PTC and our share of the 2 Pennsylvania peach bottom units would benefit from the full production tax credit. Moving forward, there needs to be broad recognition at both the state and federal level of the value of nuclear 0 carbon attributes both for the quality of air today and the climate tomorrow. To avoid backsliding for decades to come, we need to ensure that the long-term viability of New Jersey's nuclear generation is preserved as we bring more clean energy resources into the mix. Turning my attention to guidance. We are raising our forecast for full year 2021 non-GAAP operating earnings to a range of $3.55 per share to $3.70 per share from the prior range of $3.50 to  per share. And this is based on results in the first 9 months of the year. Results for the third quarter and the first 9 months incorporate the planned August 1 implementation of PSE&G's transmission rate settlement. In addition full year forecasted results also reflect PSEG Power cessation of depreciation expense on the fossil assets based upon the move to held to sale accounting treatment in August while otherwise continuing to contribute to consolidated results. We are also reaffirming PSEG's 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.60 per share. We remain on track to execute on PSE&G's 2021 planned capital spend of $2.7 billion. This spend is part of PSEG's consolidated 5-year $15 billion to $17 billion capital plan, which we still intend to execute without the need to issue new equity offer the opportunity for consistent and sustainable growth in our dividend. Following the close of the peak of the fossil sale, PSEG will be a 90% regulated and predominantly contracted platform of stable carbon-friendly businesses. As we continue to execute on this strategy as well as on the significant financial announcements made in our recent investor conference, we remain fully dedicated to providing our shareholders with the premier opportunity to pursue sustainable growth in earnings and dividends with an industry-leading ESG platform. I'll turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results, and we'll make sure -- make myself available for your questions after his remarks.
Daniel Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.98 per share versus $0.96 per share in last year's third quarter. We provided you with information on Slides 12 and 14 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter and the year-to-date period, and Slides 13 and 15 containing corresponding waterfall charts that take you through the net changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. So now I'll review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $389 million or $0.77 per share for the third quarter of 2021 compared with net income of $313 million or $0.61 per share for the third quarter of 2020. PSE&G's third quarter results rose by $0.16 per share over third quarter 2020 and reflect revenue growth from ongoing capital investments as well as one-time items. Growth in transmission rate base added $0.01 per share for third quarter net income even after incorporating the August 1 implementation of PSE&G's transmission rate settlement, which FERC in October return on equity and our formula rate can 9.9%. Electric margin added $0.02 per share to net income compared to the year ago quarter as the conservation incentive program, combined with energy strong to roll ins more than offset a reduction in weather-normalized volumes. Gas results were $0.04 favorable compared to the year ago quarter, reflecting the absence of the gas weather normalization clause reversal in the third quarter of 2020. O&M expense was $0.01 per share favorable compared to the year ago quarter and nonoperating pension expense was $0.02 per share favorable compared to the third quarter of 2020. Lastly, tax expense was $0.06 favorable compared to the third quarter of 2020, driven by the timing of taxes to reflect PSE&G's lower estimated annual effective tax rate due to higher tax flowbacks in 2021. This impact is expected to reverse next quarter when PSE&G finalize its actual tax rate for the year. Moving to sales for the quarter. The weather for the third quarter of 2021 was 4% warmer than the year ago period and 22% warmer than normal, with significantly higher than normal number of hours at 90 degrees or greater. On a trailing 12-month basis, weather normalized electric sales were flat and gas sales were up nearly 2%. Growth in the number of both electric and gas customers rose by approximately 1.5% each versus the third quarter of 2020. Ralph mentioned earlier, the stabilizing impact of the conservation incentive program, now fully in effect for both electric and gas margins, resetting those margins to a baseline level. Going forward, about 95% of our electric distribution, 90% of gas distribution will be stabilized via this mechanism, which will still pass through the variation in the actual number of customers. PSE&G's capital program remains on schedule. PSE&G invested approximately $670 million in the third quarter aggregating to $1.95 billion year-to-date through September. This capital is part of 2021's $2.7 billion electric and gas capital program to upgrade transmission and distribution infrastructure, enhance reliability and increase resiliency. We continue to forecast that over 90% of PSEG's planned capital investment will be directed to the utility over the 2021 to 2025 time frame. We have raised PSE&G's forecast of net income for 2021 to $1.430 billion to $1.480 billion from $1.420 billion to $1.470 billion. Now moving to Power. Power reported a net loss of $1.933 billion or $3.84 per share for the third quarter of 2021, non-GAAP operating earnings of $119 million or $0.23 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $237 million. This compares to the third quarter 2020 net income of $254 million or $0.51 per share, non-GAAP operating earnings of $167 million or $0.33 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $349 million. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items from non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense and the benefit of net operating loss purchases, which are included in net income. The earnings release on Slide 23 provide you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on PSEG Power's non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income year-over-quarter. We've also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and for the year-to-date 2021 on Slide 24. Power's third quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.10 per share lower than third quarter 2020 results. The recontracting and tire market impacts reduced results by $0.11 per share as the seasonal shape of hedging activity and higher cost to serve load versus the year ago quarter lower gross margin. The sale of the solar source portfolio earlier in the year also lowered gross margin results by $0.02 compared to the year ago quarter. The retirement of Bridgeport over 3 on May 31 and Power's last call unit lowered New England capacity revenues by $0.01 per share versus the third quarter of 2020. And gas operations were lower by $0.02 per share, reflecting the absence of a pipeline recon received in last year's third quarter. O&M expense lowered results by $0.01 per share compared to the year ago quarter as higher nuclear costs were partly offset by lower solar expenses and lower depreciation expense associated with fossil assets moving to held-for-sale accounting status and the sale of the solar source portfolio and the early retirement of Bridgeport Harbor, combined with lower interest expense to add $0.08 per share versus the year ago quarter. Lastly, taxes and other items were paying per share unfavorable compared to the third quarter of 2020. Gross margin in the third quarter of 2021 was $28 a megawatt hour compared to $33 a megawatt hour for the last year's third quarter. This decline reflects the seasonal price impact of recontracting, including the third quarter's anticipated higher portion of the $2 per megawatt hour annualized price decline in the hedged portfolio. We expect recontracting results in the fourth quarter of 2021 to moderate from Q3 levels. Now let's turn to PSEG Power's operations, with total generation output of 14.9 terawatt hours matched the output of third quarter 2020. Power's combined cycle fleet produced 6.8 terawatt hours of output in response to higher market prices. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 94.8% for the quarter, producing 8.1 terawatt hours, which represent 54% of total generation. For the balance of '21, total baseload and combined cycle generation is forecasted to be 12 to 14 terawatt hours, hedged 85% to 90% at an average price of $32 per megawatt hour. Power's third quarter activity included the announcement of the fossil sale to ArcLight in August of this year. As previously mentioned, PSEG fossil's assets have been reclassified to held for sale as of the date of the sale of the announcement. This change has prompted the cessation of depreciation and amortization expense for these held-for-sale units and resulted in a favorable impact to GAAP and non-GAAP operating earnings through the close of the sale and contributed to the increase of our 2021 full year non-GAAP operating earnings guidance. Power has raised the forecast for its non-GAAP operating earnings for 2021 to $365 million to $440 million from $350 million to $425 million. Our estimate of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA has also been raised to $870 million to $970 million from $850 million to $950 million. Now let me briefly address operating results for Enterprise and Other, where for the third quarter, we reported a net loss of $20 million or $0.03 per share compared to net income of $8 million or $0.02 per share for the third quarter of 2020. The non-GAAP operating loss for the third quarter was $13 million or $0.02 per share compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $8 million or $0.02 per share for the third quarter of 2020. Results this quarter reflected higher tax and O&M expenses at the parent versus the year ago period. For 2021, the forecast of Enterprise and Other is unchanged at a non-GAAP operating loss of $20 million. From a financial standpoint at September 30, we had approximately $3 billion of available liquidity as well as cash and cash equivalents of $1.8 billion and debt represented 58% of our consolidated capital. PSEG Power had net cash collateral postings of $999 million at September 30 related to out-of-the-money hedge positions resulting from higher energy prices during the third quarter of 2021. It's been several years since the sustained rise in power prices has caused collateral postings of this magnitude. Our liquidity and cash position are ample and capable of accommodating additional cash collateral postings if necessary. Overall, our ratable hedging program remains an effective risk management tool that we implement over a rolling 3-year period, which smooths volatility in earnings through the averaging of forward sales and importantly locks in gross margin. Turning to financings during the quarter. In August, PSE&G issued $425 million of 1.9% secured medium-term notes due 2031. Also in August, PSEG entered into a $1.25 billion 364-day variable rate term loan agreement. In September, Power and after retirement of its 3 senior notes totaling $1.4 billion on October 8. These remaining notes were retired at a redemption price that included a make-whole premium of approximately $294 million. Following the retirement of all of its debt, PSEG Power's 8.625% senior notes due 2031 were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange effective October '18. Because PSEG Power no longer has any registered securities outstanding, we'll go through a process to terminate status of the SEC registrant. In October, Moody's lowered the credit ratings of PSE&G, PSEG Power and PSEG. The current senior secured ratings of PSE&G, are A1, A at Moody's, S&P, respectively, with stable credit outlooks from both agencies. PSEG's senior unsecured credit ratings and PSEG Power's issuer credit ratings Baa2, BBB at Moody's and S&P, respectively, also with stable outlooks from both agencies. As we outlined during the investor conference, we raised PSEG's 2021 to 2025 capital program by $1 billion to a range of $15 billion to $17 billion. We continue to anticipate execution of this 5-year capital program without the need to issue new equity as we continue to offer a compelling shareholder dividend, with the opportunity for consistent and sustainable growth. And as Ralph mentioned, we've raised our 2021 guidance of non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $3.55 to $3.70 per share based on solid results year-to-date and the benefit from cessation of depreciation on fossil assets. We also accounting the initial 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings guidance of $3.30 to $3.60 per share that we provided at the investor conference on September 27. That concludes my remarks, and Jesse. Ralph and I are ready to take questions.
Operator:  Speakers, our first question is from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with the nuclear PTC, if I could. Just wondered if you might be able to talk a little bit more about the type of support you're seeing there, confidence that it makes it through to the end. And if it does, maybe just kind of the impact on your business helping derisk. And if there's any possible benefit the agencies could see could have a positive reaction here if this does go all the way through.
Ralph Izzo: Jeremy, yes, so I feel very good about the bipartisan nature of the support from PTC. I would be less than candid if I didn't express some concerns and hesitation about the overriding piece of legislation to which it's attached. So the debate that's taking place, as you know, is around 2 separate pieces of legislation. One is a roughly $1 trillion bipartisan bill. So the PTC is not part of that then there's, depending upon what price accounts you believe, a $1.75 trillion to $1.85 trillion bill that is not bipartisan that is requiring reconciliation rules and full Democratic party support to get through. But the nuclear component has not attracted any controversy whatsoever. I believe the estimates in that bill is that there's about $550 billion of that legislation dedicated to climate mitigation. And it's widespread recognition that if we're going to make progress, it's got to be based upon the existing nuclear fleet still being around upon which to build that progress. So the House version has an 8 year PTC. Roughly speaking, it targets all-in $15 per megawatt hour of tax credits starting with energy prices of $25 per megawatt hour or less. And then there's a declining scale of the PTC benefit as market revenues climb above $25 per megawatt hour where every dollar above that level, $0.80 of PTC is removed. It kind of gets you to a $40 per megawatt hour or so outcome. There's a pre and post tax adjustment that needs to be mixed in that but for simplicity's sake. So it's really, I think, great news. And I think just today, for example, President Biden announced an SMR development project in Romania that's going to be done with new scale. You should check the press accounts on that. I don't want to speak for others. But it's just indicative of the support that nuclear is gaining in recognition of the pretty aggressive carbon reduction goals that need to be achieved.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, Jeremy, the other part of your question was how the rating agencies will look at it. And clearly, longer term support for nuclear is going to be much more valuable and much more stabilizing than something on a shorter term basis. And that's something that we've been pretty vocal about for quite some time. And so I think that's a positive as well. The number of years that's been tied into the PTC has moved around a little bit, ralph mentioned earlier, 8-year period. So we'll see where it goes. But I do think that what you have seen is increasing support, I think, universally, both we saw it initially in New Jersey as we went through the ZEC process and I think folks are getting on board in Washington as well.
Ralph Izzo: I don't want to beat it to death, Jeremy, but in addition to the emphasizing our forward looking statements, I would just remind you what the history of ITC and PTC have been. They've all had 5- and 10-year life spans that have been renewed for multiple decades. So I'm not at all worried about the 8-year PTC. By the way, I do want to add one other thing that's happening at COP26 right now that's great news for us is that there is a growing consensus around a 30% reduction in methane by the year 2030. There's an article written today by Fred Krupp of EDF in the Wall Street Journal highlighting the importance of methane reduction. And that is just incredibly supportive of our Gas System Modernization Program and continued funding for that and expansion of that. So I think between nuclear, offshore wind and methane reduction, we're really quite well positioned for some important investments going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Maybe switching gears here a bit. As we look to the 4Q update and kind of the narrowing of the 22% range, can you give us a little bit more color on some of the items that have been coming in kind of ahead of plan this year and how to think about those items if they're sustainable into 2022, and this is excluding the Fossil sale impact?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I think rather than sort of front running our own guidance, just by way of reminder, we do expect to narrow that and the real variability is around the pension. Equity markets have been strong. Interest rates have been low. They work against each other in terms of our projected benefit obligation at year end. But I don't think we want to go further than that at this point in time, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Just wanted to try. Appreciate that. And maybe last one, if I could here. Just thinking through the potential changes at FERC and returned to a full commission. Can you frame some of your expectations moving forward both as we think about the transmission items out there in the future of the MOPR?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Well, in terms of future of the MOPR, that's -- that candidly become less of a concern for us if they announce sale. I mean energy revenues are really the primary consideration for nuclear plants. That's not to say that were completely disregard capacity revenues for our nuclear fleet. Having said that, our units have not needed to be mitigated according to the IMM. So they should be able to compete in that capacity market whatever that ends up being in the future. I'd say the other changes at FERC that we're eagerly anticipating is the recognition of the importance of transmission investment to carbon mitigation. That's a little bit of a head scratcher when you think about some of the mentioned earlier this year, about reducing the RTO adder for a transmission ROE, which seems to have quieted down right now and has given way to the ANOPR, the Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, which is looking at transmission planning on a much more comprehensive basis. So I just think at a high level, the things that are being discussed and taken up are favorable to our business, both in terms of nuclear being able to participate in capacity markets, states being able to make renewable energy decisions, free of penalties from the prior version of the MOPR, which is important to state like New Jersey, where people otherwise would have been paying twice for offshore wind capacity, which would have significant crimping of the headroom on the utility bill, which now we don't have to worry about as much.
Operator: Next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can keep going with Jeremy's thought process here on reconciliation and prospects. I wanted to just focus a little bit more on some of the complementary nature of nuclear and specifically hydrogen here. I mean as you see the magnitude of that potential subsidy here and the opportunities afforded therein, how are you thinking about that being a complement to your current nuclear portfolio and strategy, understanding there's all sorts of different nuances here, but would be curious to hear these as you stand here today and assuming there is something that stays the course, how could or does this fit into a future strategy?
Ralph Izzo: So we're closely monitoring the progress of hydrogen, Julien, but to your point, I mean, the value of it, to nuclear would be the ability to avoid any cycling of the nuclear plants and being able to then yield to the lack of dispatchability of renewables and then to just continue the base load operations in nuclear, where in some cases, the offtaker might be an electrolysis project or some other hydrogen creation. And there's a hearing, I think, this week or next week in the Senate on alternate sources of nuclear power in terms of its applicability to the health sciences and medical fields. So I think there's just a growing recognition of nuclear as a carbon mitigant and the multiple ways that we need to act to keep it around and keep it vibrant, whether it's a PTC or source for hydrogen creation or medical science. I no means want to be a skunk in the party, though I do think that there needs to be much more conversation around the safety of large scale hydrogen generation than we're seeing right now in various forms. That's an engineering challenge. But as with other engineering challenges, I'm sure there are solutions, but that does need to be discussed much more prominently than it's getting attention right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And maybe related to this, if I can, how are you thinking about just hedging? I heard your comments on collateral postings earlier, but how are you thinking about taking advantage of the current commodity deck and/or, frankly, any other, should we say, long term contracting opportunities that might be arising, whether that's crypto or data centers looking above and beyond hydrogen opportunities. I mean, certainly, we haven't seen this robust, as you say, a commodity environment in sometime.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Julien, I think some of the crypto stuff is a little bit more niche opportunities. I think you should think about what we're doing as being aligned with what we've talked about in the past. I mean we still think that a multiyear hedging program for baseload power, such as nuclear, does make sense. What you saw within some of the numbers that we provided aligned very closely to if you were to just step back over time and take a look at where forward prices have been for the years that we've hedged and take a look at those hedge prices. It's consistent with exactly what we have told you that we have done on that front. That said, we have always talked a little bit too about the fact that while that's a general range, there is a little bit of a range around what we can hedge as we go through those times. And so in times like what we've seen more recently, there's been a little bit more activity to try to capture some of those prices. But if you think about it over the long run and over a 3-year hedging period, you're not going to be able to move the needle that much with respect to what's been done on the nearer term. And as you step out, while prices are a little bit backwardated, there's maybe a little bit less of an opportunity, you're into a little bit of a challenge on liquidity. So will we seek to capture some of these higher prices? Absolutely. But should you anticipate that it's going to have a very big move on the needle? I  think, against the backdrop of a base of hedges that we have and the backwardation and some liquidity challenges on the back end, it will be more moderated of an impact.
Operator: Next question is from Shar Pourrez of Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourrez: So Ralph, just not to beat a dead horse, but just starting on the nuclear side for SEC. And you obviously, you highlighted the PTC opportunities and potential upside from federal nuclear incentives. I'm just curious, over the long term, right, as you're thinking about the portfolio, could sort of federal policy, can that change your view on keeping these assets over the long term? Or could there still be a better steward of your nuclear capital as you move towards becoming essentially a pure wires business with offshore wind optionality?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, sure. No, it's a fair question. And it's really TBD. I think the more we can make the nuclear fleet look like a regulated asset, some combination of predictable cash flows. My sense then is that would be something that investors would view more consistently within the predictable earning streams of our regulated business. But I think what we'll do is we'll let investors tell us, right? We'll -- I've not been quiet about the fact that I think given our strength of our balance sheet, the security of our dividend, the lack of a need for equity, the growth in our rate base, the regulatory relations we have, I think we're premium utility. It's not showing up in our valuation yet. So we'll get there. And then the question will be, is nuclear an adder to that ESG profile, which further enhances our premium status or not? And we'll be guided by how our investors view that. But our number one objective is, first of all, safe nuclear operations. We've achieved that. Our #2 objective is long term economic viability of those plants. I think we're on the cusp of that. And then we'll be able to better answer the important question that you raised. I'm not trying to duck it. I just rest assured, it's foremost in our thinking too.
Shar Pourrez: No, no, I think that's a fair point. I mean that's a paraphrase. It's obviously more to come and you are sensitive to help, I guess, investors ascribe value to these assets and whether there is a terminal. Okay. Perfect. That was the first question. And then just lastly, as we're thinking about the strong performance in '21, are you starting to see some O&M flex being carried into '22, i.e., do you have sort of that ability to prefund some of the work going into the tail end of '21 that creates some contingency to execute in '22 as we're thinking about bridging from '21 being a relatively strong year into '22?
Ralph Izzo: Well, so there's always a little bit on the margin, but it's not. I mean, the last thing you want to do to massive work management plans is uphand them and stand them on their head, right? So you would not change a nuclear fueling outage plan. You wouldn't change major maintenance on large transmission assets. Can you move some tree trimming up because the first frost hasn't hit? Yes, you can, but you're still on a 4-year cycle. So there's some incremental stuff you can do, but not big items.
Operator: Next question is from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just you mentioned -- I just want a little bit more clarity on the proposals that you submitted with the BPU and PJM in conjunction. Are those transmission solutions? Or is it a combination of some offshore wind with transmission?
Ralph Izzo: So they're both. They're primarily offshore wind to, first of all, create a grid out in the ocean that connects the 7.5 gigawatts that are planned. Secondly, to bring that on to land. And third is the upgrades that are needed on land to support this injection of new supply. But it's dominated by the assumption that there will be an additional 4 gigawatts of off-shore wind developed in New Jersey.
Daniel Cregg: But just for clarity to guess that they are both on land and at sea, but the proposals are not both generation and transmission. It is only a transmission solution. And so New Jersey is about halfway through the awards that they've had towards their goal of 7,500 megawatts of the actual generation of the turbines. And so this is essentially an effort to seek -- getting that power back to shore. So it is not incremental generation that this effort that the BPU in conjunction with PJM is pursuing. It is just a transmission solution, but it's both at sea and on land.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. I appreciate that clarity. So it is regulated transmission, but it's a combination of onshore and offshore. Can you size that for us? How, again, in -- Ralph, you've previously talked about a 9-figure number in terms of transmission investment opportunities. What are we talking about in terms of size with these proposals? And when could we see you layer these projects into your CapEx plan, if approved?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So it's no longer 9 figures, it's now 10. And the schedule has not been carved in stone, but what's been said by PJM is that they would expect to make their technical assessment known to the New Jersey BPU sometime late in Q1, early Q2 next year. The BPU said that they will probably take 6 months to evaluate that. And therefore, it would not be decided prior to Q3, but they are motivated to try to make a decision before Q4 because the next solicitation of offshore wind farms as the supply piece are due at the end of next year. So the hope would be that whoever is bidding an offshore wind farm for the next tranche would have the benefit of knowing what transmission resources would be available to them.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So it sounds like Q4 -- and then any sort of guidance on capital dollars or rate base we might be looking at with these opportunities or these initial opportunities rather?
Ralph Izzo: They range in size. And as I said, it is 10 figures. It doesn't round to 11. It would stay in the 10-figure range. But it really does depend on which or how many. If that were the case of our proposals, the BPU and PJM were to embrace.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. The only other thing I would mention, too, that may be helpful, Durgesh, is that if you think about the timing for the capital, this would run towards the back half of the decade from an in-service perspective. So if you're kind of in the 2028, 2029-ish kind of a time frame for in-service, you're going to see some of that capital come in over a somewhat longer period of time.
Operator: Next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just to sort of follow up on those questions. With respect to the CapEx, as I recall, there was a potential for AFUDC. Is that not still the case for the offshore wind transmission projects?
Daniel Cregg: Yes, there absolutely would be, Paul. Sure.
Paul Patterson: And so -- and I just was wondering, you got a number of projects, and I realize that it's all sort of very early, but when you've talked about the range, could you give us maybe possibly quantify just a little bit more what the range from the low end to the high end might be? Or is that just too early?
Daniel Cregg: Are you talking about from the standpoint of investment potential?
Paul Patterson: Yes.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I mean I think it is a little hard to tell by virtue of a couple of things. One, it's just recently submitted and Ralph gave you the time line for when we'll start to get a determination. We feel very good about our proposals, but it's unknown exactly what's going to come back. And on top of that, there are a series of different proposals that are out there. And so the prospect of all of them actually being part of the solution is unlikely. And so you're going to get piece parts and you don't know what they're going to do from the standpoint of magnitude of bidder. So I think it's early. It's just a little bit tough to gauge. I do think -- as I said, I think we have a solid position with respect to what we have submitted. But that said, it's tough to tell exactly where they're going to go with the solutions they see and how wide they may distribute.
Paul Patterson: Have you seen proposals from other parties so far?
Daniel Cregg: We have not seen other's proposals. What we have seen is that the magnitude of proposals that are in, if I'm not mistaken, I think the number was 79 proposals, 79 players that are involved, we submitted ourselves 9 different proposals. So that gives you just an indication as to there's a lot of potential different ways to get at what the problem that they are trying to solve is. And so they will have to analyze all that, both from a technical, from a cost, from an ongoing operations standpoint to make their determination.
Paul Patterson: And then with respect to the technical assessment that PJM is going to be making, do you know if that's going to be just simply given to the BPU? Or is that going to be more widely provided to people like us?
Ralph Izzo: I suspect it will be just given to the BPU because the BPU is a decision maker here. And whether or not to be BPU makes that public or not remains to be seen. I mean, typically, the Board doesn't reveal the detailed scoring of its assessment of projects, they just announce the winners.
Operator: Next question is from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Let's see, posted a good customer growth this quarter, 1.5% in electric and gas. I was wondering if you could remind us kind of how that compares to your longer term assumptions for the increase in customer count over time?
Ralph Izzo: It's comparable. I think we're in that range. We may be just a hair below that on an ongoing basis. I think it's kind of been around 1%. It's something that we do update on a regular basis based upon the data that we get regularly. But certainly, it's a little bit lower than that, but we do see customer growth going on into the future.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then I was wondering if you could just talk about heading into the winter here for the gas business with what we've seen in natural gas prices do. Could you talk about the pressure on the customer bill heading into the winter, maybe how you have been hedged into the winter heating season? And anything, any kind of relief or strategy that you're pursuing for managing that customer bill increase here over the next couple of months?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So David, I think that the mechanisms that are in place are there and do protect the customer pretty well, both on the electric and the gas side because obviously, when gas prices go up, you see the effect on the electric prices. And so what we have and we actually referred to within our remarks is an ability to put forth a 5% increase on the commodity component of the bill 2x during the year. And so there's a -- because of some timing and some kind of a technical aspect to work through, the utilities in the state are looking through the ability to do that. So you can think about that on the gas side has been 5% and 5% is on just the supply side of things that you may end up seeing. And then most customers, I think on the electric side, the best model to think about is the provider of last resort contract for BGS. And so what folks are paying now are prices that were established this past February, the February before and the February before that, on a 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 basis. And so nothing will change from the residential standpoint until we get to next year. and the auction that will come this February will get put in place next June. What will get put in place is for 1/3 that will roll off and the remaining 2/3 will be sticky from the prior 2 auctions. So that has a mitigating effect as well. That mechanism has a mediating effect as does the fact that if you think about some of the most current prices on the electric side, they are higher for the current year, for the upcoming year than they are for the following couple of years. We've got a backwardated curve. And so that auction in February will cover 3 years forward, which will have a higher price year for 2022, if you just look at the forwards and then lower as you go into '23 and '24. All to say that, that also has a very moderating effect how this stuff will ultimately flow through to the customer bill. So if we are in a position where prices like we're seeing now are sustained for the longer term. Obviously, that would all work its way down to the retail customer. But if anything is shorter lived, you're going to see less of an impact because of those mechanisms that I described.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I want to come back to the transmission for offshore wind. Your proposal is both for an offshore and onshore component, I think, I'm not entirely sure I understand that. When I think about the onshore component, does the utility where the substations are -- where the plants are being landed effectively where the -- the substation where the capacity is first hitting onshore. Is that the utility that probably has a competitive advantage for the approval or the grant to build out the onshore transmission?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Michael. So we put forward a series of proposals that can be used in a comprehensive manner. They wouldn't need all of our proposals as there are alternative options that are in there, and they can also be mixed and matched with proposals made by others. So we tried to create as robust of options for PJM and the BPU as was possible. Now the short answer to your specific questions, yes, there are some onshore advantages to being the landing point from a right of way point of view as an example. But beyond that, it's really just a question of what are the path lengths, what are your relationships with suppliers and your ability to manage the work and be cost competitive. And what those right of ways look like with respect to environmental permits and other issues that will come up. So I guess, technically, the short answer is yes, there are some advantages, but they, by no means, assure victory for whoever is at substation .
Operator: Next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Quick hedging question. In the disclosure, you say that 90% of the gross margin for '22 is locked in via energy capacity in ZEC's. I'm just curious whether then the percentages and prices that you then give for '22, '23 and '24 are on that basis? Or is that just energy?
Daniel Cregg: From ...
Jonathan Arnold: When you then say 90% 29 -- for '22, 75% to 80% for '23. Are those sort of on a full gross margin basis? Or are those just the percentage of the base load output?
Daniel Cregg: Now I got it. Yes, yes. They are energy based, Jon, energy based ...
Ralph Izzo: We don't have the capacity options for some of the outer years, right.
Jonathan Arnold: That number is really just a look at energy rather than energy and capacity? Is that ...
Daniel Cregg: You got it. That is correct, yes.
Operator: Thank you, participants. That is all the time we have for questions. Mr. Izzo, Mr. Cregg, you may now continue with your closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Great. Thank you, Jesse. So thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I know that we'll see a bunch of you in the EEI, Dan and Carlotta, Brian and Ralph LaRossa will be with you in warm and sunny Florida. I am off to chilly and drizzly Glasgow, although I'm looking forward to. I think there's some important things to be done there. We'll be arguing and helping the administration argue for significant reductions in carbon and significant support for all the things that we are advocates of from energy efficiency to offshore wind and nuclear and a variety of other things, including methane reduction. So I will miss you there, but I catch up with many of you at upcoming virtual conferences. So thanks again for joining us today. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Carol, and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, August 3, 2021, and will be available beginning at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time today as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at investor.pseg.com.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Carol. Good morning, and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's second quarter 2021 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income or loss as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings material. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.70 per share for the second quarter of 2021 versus $0.79 per share in last year's second quarter. GAAP results for the second quarter were $0.35 per share net loss related to transition charges at PSEG Power, and that compares with $0.89 per share of net income for the second quarter of 2020.  Also in the quarter, PSEG Power recorded a pretax impairment of $519 million at its New England Asset Group, partly offset by a pretax gain of $62 million from the sale of the Solar Source portfolio. We continue to make great progress on a number of fronts to position ourselves for the future. We had a strong operating quarter that, once again, produced non-GAAP operating earnings in line with our expectations for the year.  Our results for the second quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2021 to $1.98 per share. This 9% increase over non-GAAP results of $1.82 per share for the first half of 2020 reflects the growing contribution from our regulated operations and continued derisking at PSEG Power. Slides 13 and 15 summarize the results for the quarter and the first half of the year.  It's been a year since we announced our intentions to explore strategic alternatives for our nonnuclear generation assets, and I'm pleased with the progress to date in what I believe is a compelling platform for future regulated growth at PSE&G. Our utility, a clean energy infrastructure-focused business, will be complemented by a significantly contracted, carbon-free generating portfolio, consisting of our nuclear fleet and investments and opportunities in regional Offshore Wind. The marketing of the fossil assets has garnered a significant level of interest from numerous qualified buyers in a competitive process, which is advancing as expected. And we expect to provide you with more information on this process in the very near future.  I'm pleased that we've reached a balanced agreement with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and the Division of Rate Counsel on PSE&G's transmission rate, which, if approved by FERC, will resolve a significant regulatory uncertainty for us and provide a timely rate reduction for customers. PSE&G has agreed to voluntarily reduce its annual transmission revenue requirement, which includes a reduction in its base return on equity to 9.9% from 11.18%. If approved by the FERC, a typical electric residential customer will save 3% on their monthly bills. New Jersey continues to experience positive economic activity since Governor Murphy lifted the Public Health Emergency Order in June. Our largest customer class in terms of sales, the commercial segment, has shown a rebound in electricity demand. Electric sales overall adjusted for weather were up nearly 4% over the second quarter of 2020, led by an 11% increase in commercial sales, which was partly offset by a 5% decline in residential sales as people gradually returned to work outside the home.  The warmer-than-normal summer has also increased PSE&G's average daily peak load for the quarter to 5,480 megawatts compared to last year's second quarter average of 5,100 megawatts and the 5,330 megawatts experienced in the pre-COVID second quarter of 2019. And so far this summer, PSE&G's load has peaked at 10,064 megawatts on June 30, exceeding the 10,000-megawatt mark for the first time since July 19 of the year 2013, 8 years ago. Turning to clean energy developments in New Jersey, the BPU in June awarded a second round of Offshore Wind projects totaling 2,658 megawatts and is now halfway towards the state's goal of procuring 7,500 megawatts of Offshore Wind generation by 2035. The award was split between the 1,510 megawatt Atlantic Shores project and Ørsted's 1,148 megawatt Ocean Wind 2. The OREC price is set in the second round range from about $86 to $84 for the Atlantic Shores and Ocean Wind projects, respectively.  And last week, the BPU approved a new solar successor incentive framework that consists of 2 programs: an administratively determined incentive; and a competitive solicitation incentive, which would apply to larger projects defined as 5 megawatts and above. Incentive levels for the administratively determined segment range from $90 per megawatt hour for net metered residential projects to $70 to $100 per megawatt hour for the commercial and community solar segments and up to $120 per megawatt hour for certain public entity projects.  You will recall that the prior program consisting of solar renewable energy credits or as we frequently refer to them as SRECs, average well above $200 per megawatt hour over the past decade. And combined with net metering subsidies and federal tax credits provided later incentives topping $300 per megawatt hour. So this successor program is a positive step towards balancing the need for clean energy while recognizing the importance of affordability for our customers.  PSEG's existing solar programs are essentially fully subscribed. We'll continue to work with the state MBP on programs that can help meet the solar goals in the Energy Master Plan. PSEG continues to make tangible progress on our own decarbonization and ESG goals. In the second quarter alone, we closed on our 25% equity stake in the 1,100-megawatt Ocean Wind project in New Jersey, that's the Ocean Wind 1 project, obviously. We retired our last coal unit at Bridgeport Harbor in Connecticut, making our generating fleet coal-free and moved up our net-zero vision by 20 years to 2030.  But not only do we accelerate the net-zero vision, we also expanded it to include Scope 1 direct greenhouse gas emissions, and Scope 2 indirect greenhouse gas emissions from operations at both PSEG Power and PSE&G. Expanding the net-zero vision to include both the utility and power operations is a significant move forward in our decarbonization efforts, and one that will both inspire and challenge us to do more and do it better.  Coming up, PSEG is preparing to bid into a competitive process to build Offshore Wind transmission infrastructure. This solicitation is intended to procure transmission solutions to this important New Jersey 7,500-megawatt Offshore Wind target by 2035. The potential projects can cover onshore upgrades, new onshore transmission connection facilities, new offshore transmission connection facilities and a network to offshore transmission system. Proposals may address any or all of these 4 components.  The decision-making criteria is expected to include, among other things: an evaluation of reliability and economic benefits; cost; constructability; environmental benefits; permitting risks; and other "New Jersey benefits". This competitive transmission open window will be jointly conducted by PJM and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. PJM will lead the technical analysis of the proposed transmission solutions, and the BP will be the ultimate decision-maker. We support the state's efforts to procure transmission in a manner that is most reliable, constructable and cost effective for our customers. All of this is great progress on our decarbonization efforts and continues to demonstrate our alignment with the state's Clean Energy agenda and our industry leadership on environmental stewardship. New Jersey's recent endorsement of the environmental benefits provided by our New Jersey nuclear plants through the second zero-emission certificates, I'll refer to that as ZEC for the rest of this conversation, extends the $10 per megawatt hour carbon-free attribute recognition through May of 2025. This extension will allow us, along with stakeholders in New Jersey and at the federal level, the time we need to work on a long-term economic solution to keep our merchant nuclear fleet economically viable and preserve its currently unmatched contribution of reliable, carbon-free baseload generation, the most cost-effective clean generation source available.  During the ZEC deliberations, a growing recognition of these nuclear units were economically at risk, but vitally important to New Jersey's ability to reach its clean energy and carbon goals gain further traction. The importance of the New Jersey nuclear units to the state's climate goals was also recognized in the BPU Staff's recent resource adequacy report. The report recommends that New Jersey should continue exploring a region-wide or New Jersey-only integrated clean capacity market, with the fixed resource requirement, often, we refer to that as an FRR.  We expect that the BPU will be closely watching to see whether FERC accepts PJM's just filed modifications to the minimum offer price rule which appears to better align the PJM capacity market with New Jersey's clean energy goals. The results of the first PJM capacity auction in 3 years, influenced by a COVID-19 pandemic stifled demand curve, served as further evidence of the market risks faced by our nuclear units.  This sentiment is shared by Biden administration officials, including DOE Secretary Granholm and White House Domestic Climate Advisor Gina McCarthy, who have both spoken publicly on the importance of nuclear energy as a clean energy resource.  We continue to work on promoting a federal nuclear production tax credit proposal where the value of the credit declines as market revenue increases. This is the primary federal policy that would help prevent premature closing of merchant plants whose market revenues are not currently covering cost and risk.  Other options, such as the federal nuclear grant program administered by the Department of Energy are also being discussed. However, we and others in the industry share the view that a competitive grant program will not provide timely relief nor the certainty these plants need to remain operational.  Nonetheless, we're encouraged by the attention that at-risk nuclear plants are getting in Washington. And we especially appreciate the efforts of New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell, who's leading this effort in the House of Representatives, and Senators Cardin, Manchin and Booker in the Senate. That said, we do expect the federal infrastructure effort to take the better part of the rest of the year to unfold. On the social side of ESG during the second quarter, we recognized the Juneteenth holiday by giving employees paid time off to commemorate and celebrate this important day in our nation's history and supported our LBGTQ+ community with numerous events for Pride Month. Also in June, PSEG was named to JUST Capital's Top 100 companies supporting healthy families and communities.  Overall, we had a solid quarter and results for the first half of the year have positioned us to update our full year guidance somewhat earlier than has been our practice. We are raising by $0.05 per share at the bottom end of PSEG's non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for full year 2021 to a range of $3.40 to $3.55 per share, based on favorable results of PSE&G and Power through the first 6 months of the year. This update also incorporates an August 1 effective date to implement the transmission rate settlement and the expectation that the fossil assets will contribute to consolidated results through the end of the year. We're on track to achieve the Utilities 2021 planned capital spending of $2.7 billion on schedule and on budget. This spend is part of PSEG's consolidated 5-year, $14 billion to $16 billion capital plan, which we still intend to execute without the need to issue new equity, while also continuing to offer the opportunity for consistent and sustainable growth in our dividend.  Before closing, I do want to recognize the contributions of Dave Daly, who will be retiring on January 4, 2022, after 35 years of dedicated service to the company. Kim Hanemann, who had been named PSE&G's Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, was promoted to succeed Dave as President and COO of PSE&G effective June 30. In support of a seamless transition of leadership at PSE&G, Dave is serving as an executive adviser through the end of the year.  With her promotion, Kim is the first woman to lead New Jersey's largest electric and gas utility in our 118-year history. Many of you know Kim is the power behind the transmission buildout over the past 10 years, and I hope all of you will have the opportunity to meet here in the near future.  Speaking of meeting, New Jersey has among the highest rates of fully vaccinated people in the country, but vaccination rates in the state have recently plateaued. So we're carefully monitoring the impact that highly contagious variants are having on updated health and safety protocols. So whether in person or virtually, we are looking forward to hosting an investor owned -- an investor event in the fall when we expect to share with you the many good things that are happening at PSEG regarding our improved business mix, increased financial flexibility and solid growth opportunities. So now I'll turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and we'll rejoin you at the end of this for your questions.
Daniel Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2021 at $0.70 per share versus $0.79 per share in last year's second quarter. We've provided you with an information on Slides 13 and 15 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter and the year-to-date periods, and Slides 14 and 16 contain corresponding waterfall charts that take you through the net changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business.  I'll now review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $309 million or $0.61 per share for the second quarter of 2021 compared with net income of $283 million or $0.56 per share for the second quarter of 2020. PSE&G's second quarter results reflect revenue growth from ongoing capital investment programs. Growth in transmission added $0.01 per share to second quarter net income, reflecting continued infrastructure investment as well as the timing of transmission O&M in the quarter and true ups from prior year filings. Electric margin added $0.02 per share to net income compared to the year earlier quarter. driven by commercial and industrial demand, reflecting higher margins in April and May compared to the COVID-19 restrictions that affected prior year results; and the implementation of the Conservation Incentive Program or CIP mechanism in June.  Gas margin added $0.01 per share, driven by the Gas System Modernization Program rate rollings. Gas related bad debt expense and O&M expense were both $0.01 per share favorable compared to the year earlier quarter, driven by the timing of COVID-related deferrals since the issuance of the BPU's order in the third quarter of last year.  An increase in distribution-related depreciation due to higher rate base lowered net income by $0.01 per share. Nonoperating pension expense was $0.02 per share favorable compared to the second quarter of 2020, reflecting the continued recognition of strong asset returns experienced last year. Tax expense was $0.02 unfavorable compared to the second quarter of 2020, driven by the timing of adjustments to reflect PSE&G's estimated annual effective tax rate.  The transmission agreement between PSE&G, the BPU and Rate Counsel that Ralph mentioned earlier has been filed with FERC for approval with an August 1 requested effective date. There's no timetable from when FERC must respond, however, we will begin recording the impacts of the settlement on our financials starting with the August 1 requested effective date. The agreement would reset the base ROE for PSE&G's formula rate to 9.9% from 11.18%, which lowers the annual transmission revenue requirement by about $100 million per year on a pretax basis. Other key elements of the settlement lower annual depreciation expense by approximately $42 million, which has a corresponding reduction in revenue that results in no net impact on earnings and an improved cost recovery methodology for our administrative and general costs and investments in materials and supplies.  The agreement also includes an increase of PSE&G's equity ratio from 54% to 55% of total capitalization. The financial impact of the settlement agreement is expected to lower PSE&G's net income by approximately $50 million to $60 million or $0.10 to $0.12 per share on an annual basis in the first 12 months once implemented. Weather for the second quarter was significantly warmer than the second quarter of 2020, with the temperature humidity index that was 34% higher than normal and a significantly higher than normal number of hours at 90 degrees or greater. The New Jersey economy continued to recover in the second quarter, increased by total weather-normalized electric sales by approximately 4% compared to the second quarter of 2020, which was at the height of the COVID-19 economic restrictions. On a trailing 12-month basis, weather-normalized electric and gas sales were each higher by approximately 1%, with residential electric and gas usage up by 4% and 2%, respectively. The Conservation Incentive Program, which started June 1 for electric sales, removes the variations of weather, economic activity, efficiency and customer usage from our financial results, resetting margins to a baseline level. This new mechanism supports PSE&G's ability to maximize customer participation in energy efficiency programs without losing margins from lower sales. A similar program covering gas sales will commence October 1 and replace the weather normalization clause.  PSE&G's capital program remains on schedule. PSE&G invested approximately $700 million in the second quarter and $1.3 billion year-to-date through June. This capital was part of 2021's $2.7 billion Electric and Gas Infrastructure Program to upgrade transmission and distribution facilities and enhance reliability and increase resiliency. We continue to forecast over 90% of PSEG's planned capital investment will be directed to the utility over the 2021 to 2025 time frame. PSE&G's forecast of net income in 2021 has been updated to $1.42 billion to $1.47 billion from $1.41 billion to $1.47 billion.  Now moving on to Power. PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of $0.10 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $159 million. This compares to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.24 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $258 million for the second quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense. The earnings release and Slide 23 provide you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on PSEG Power's non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income quarter-over-quarter. We also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and for the first half of 2021 on Slide 24.  PSEG Power's second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were affected by several items that combined lowered results by $0.14 per share below the quarter from a year ago. Recontracting and market impacts reduced results by $0.09 per share, reflecting seasonal shape of hedging activity and higher cost to serve load versus the year ago quarter. Generating volume and zero emission certificates were each down by $0.01 per share, affected by lower nuclear output related to the spring refueling outage at the 100% owned Hope Creek Nuclear Plant.  PJM capacity revenue added $0.02 per share to the year ago quarterly comparison. For the year ended June 30 -- for the year-to-date ended June 30, capacity is $0.05 per share favorable compared to the first half of 2020, reflecting the scheduled higher price of approximately $167 per megawatt day for the majority of the first half of 2021 versus the $116 per megawatt day for the same period in 2020. Higher O&M expense reduced results by $0.04 per share compared to last year's second quarter, primarily reflecting the planned Hope Creek refueling outage and higher fossil operating expenses. Lower depreciation expense, reflecting the sale of the solar source portfolio and the early retirement of the Bridgeport Harbor coal-fired generating station, combined with lower interest expense, to add $0.02 per share versus the year ago quarter.  Taxes and other items were $0.03 per share unfavorable, reflecting the absence of a multiyear tax audit settlement included in the second quarter 2020 results. Gross margin in the second quarter of 2020 was $28 per megawatt hour compared with $33 per megawatt hour for last year's second quarter. The decline quarter-over-quarter reflects the seasonal price impact of recontracting, that is anticipated to result in a negative $2 per megawatt hour price decline in the hedge portfolio for the full year. We expect recontracting results in the third quarter of 2021 to be similarly negative, as we mentioned last quarter, will more than offset the $0.03 per share benefit seen in the first quarter of this year. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Total generation output declined by 1% to 12.6 terawatt hours in the second quarter as the refueling outage at Hope Creek and subsequent forced out its lower nuclear output versus the second quarter of 2020. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 86% for the quarter, producing 7.2 terawatt hours, down by 7% versus last year, which represented 57% of total generation.  Power's combined cycle fleet produced 5.3 terawatt hours of output, up 8% in response to higher market demand helped by warm weather. Power is forecasting generation output of 25 to 27 terawatt hours for the remaining 2 quarters of 2021, and has hedged 95% to 100% of its production at an average price of $30 per megawatt hour. Also during the quarter, we're pleased to remind you that PSEG Power eliminated all coal from its generating mix with the early retirement of Bridgeport Harbor Station 3.  Power's quarterly impairment assessments, including consideration of its strategic review of the nonnuclear fleet, determined that the ISO New England asset grouping showed an impairment as of June 30, 2021. As a result, Power recorded a pretax charge of $519 million for this asset group.  PJM and New York ISO asset groupings did not show an impairment as of June 30, 2021. However, a move of these assets to held for sale, which would be effective upon an anticipated sale agreement, would be expected to prompt an additional material impairment to the fossil portfolio. Such a move to held for sale would also prop the cessation of depreciation and amortization expense for the held-for-sale units, resulting in a favorable impact to GAAP and non-GAAP operating earnings through the close of the transaction.  In June of 2021, PSEG completed the sale of PSEG's Solar Source, which resulted in a pretax gain of approximately $62 million and income tax expense of approximately $63 million, primarily due to the recapture of investment tax credits on units that operated for less than 5 years. For the remainder of the year, depreciation expense will also decline by approximately $0.03 per share as a result of the Solar Source sale.  Forecast of PSEG Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2021 has been updated to $295 million to $370 million, from $280 million to $370 million, while our estimated non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA remains unchanged at $850 million to $950 million.  Now let me briefly address operating results from Enterprise and Other and provide an update on PSEG Long Island. For the second quarter of 2021, PSEG Enterprise and Other reported a net loss of $3 million or $0.01 per share for the second quarter of 2021, which was flat compared to a net loss of $2 million or $0.01 per share for the second quarter of 2020. The net loss for the second quarter of 2021 reflects higher interest expense at the parent initially offset -- partially offset, I should say, by the ongoing contributions from PSEG Long Island. In June, PSEG Long Island entered into a nonbinding term sheet with the Long Island Power Authority, that would resolve all the authorities claims related to Tropical Storm Isaias. The terms will be adopted into amendments to our operation service agreement, or OSA, and submitted to New York state authorities for approval later this year. The OSA contract term will continue through 2025, with a mutual option to extend. For 2021, the forecast for PSEG Enterprise and Other remains unchanged at a net loss of $15 million. PSEG's financial position remains strong. At June 30, we had approximately $4 billion of available liquidity, including cash on hand of about $107 million and debt represented 52% of our consolidated capital. During the first half of 2021, PSEG entered into 2, 364-day variable rate term loan agreements totaling $1.25 billion. During the second quarter, PSEG Power retired $950 million of senior notes maturing in June and September 2021 and ended June with debt as a percentage of capital of 20%. In May, Moody's changed PSE&G's credit rating outlook to negative from stable. Their first mortgage bond rating remains Aa3. We still expect to fund PSEG's $14 billion to $16 billion capital investment program over the 2021 to 2025 period without the need to issue new equity, while also continuing to offer consistent and sustainable growth in our dividend payment.  As Ralph mentioned, we've raised the bottom end of our forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $3.40 to $3.55 per share, up by $0.05 per share based on the solid results we have seen in the first half of the year that give us confidence that we can deliver results at the upper end of our original guidance.  That concludes my comments. And Carol, we are now ready to answer questions.
Operator: . The first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to dig into the fossil sales process a little bit more, if I could. And given the impairment here, I just want to make sure I'm clear, the one taken in New England, it would seem that, that process might wrap up more near term than the others. And then at the same time, for the other pieces of the sale, it seems like the process might slip into '22 a little bit, if I saw that right. Just wondering if you could walk through some of the drivers on that.
Daniel Cregg: Sure, Jeremy. With respect to your question on the different asset groupings, when we think about and when we do our impairment tests, we use those asset groupings. And so there's an asset grouping for New England, one for New York and one for PJM.  And so I would not look at the timing of the impairment in the second quarter in New England as being different timing for different components. I think what you would look at is the way that the test is done by looking at both the traditional view of an undiscounted set of future cash flows, as well as the potential for a sale that go into that calculation. And basically, that calculation was such that we did as of the end of the second quarter, see an impairment in New England, but did not see one in New York and PJM.  As I noted in my remarks that as we continue forward and upon a movement to held for sale, you could see a material impairment incremental to what's there. But it does not have to do with timing per se of the sale. And -- what we have said all along was somewhere around midyear, we would be moving to agreement.  We're still in that ballpark, I believe. But I still think year-end is about what you would anticipate the path that we're on. But it does not imply separate sales by virtue of what's happened. It's more just based upon the overall accounting and how that test works vis-a-vis, let's say, the balance on the books.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe just kind of pivoting towards Offshore Wind here in investment timing in transmission. Just wondering how you think about the opportunity post the settlement here? And then I guess as well, with nuclear, if there's potential federal outcomes here, if that might kind of play into the process in any way at all, and informs how the state goes about the review. Just wondering if you could update us there on that.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So Jeremy, it's Ralph. So we're excited about playing in all 4 parts of the offshore transmission opportunity. And we do see that as a quite sizable opportunity. This is due, if I'm not mistaken, at the end of this month, but they've been delayed. They were originally due the end of this month, but they were delayed. Now it's sometime in September, probably the end of September.  We're expecting PJM to review that through the balance of the year and then handing their results over to the BPU for an early decision probably end of first quarter next year, it could slip a little further than that. But there's a sizable opportunity in Offshore Wind. And it's quite real, just given the fact that we now have over 3,700 megawatts of wind farms that are due to become operational depending upon the project anywhere from 2024 to 2028. Nuclear is wholly separate from that, and we are greatly encouraged by the amount of attention being given to merchant plants, in particular by President Biden and his administration, by bipartisan members of the House and the Senate. There is a component of the infrastructure build that right now allows for a grant program for nuclear. And while that is by no means the preferred path for us, just a mere fact that Congress is recognizing the challenge of nuclear plants, I think, is important for the nation and could relieve some of the cost pressure on New Jersey customers who are currently bearing the full burden of keeping our 3 units economically viable. But I don't see that connected to Offshore Wind in any way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Can you just elaborate, Ralph, on the impact of the FERC ROE settlement with the BPU? I mean do you anticipate that $0.12 to -- $0.10 to $0.12 of drag to be perpetual? Or are there offsets like CapEx go forwards? Or maybe the ability to raise the equity ratio at the distribution business, O&M levers? How do we think about that?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So the $0.10 to $0.12 is the all-in effect of some of the improvements in the formula rate treatment. Some of the benefits realized from an earnings point of view of reducing the depreciation rate, but it also includes the most obvious drag of lowering the allowed ROE.  Now a couple of things will happen by parts of changing the depreciation rate. The rate base will decline more slowly. So that's an improvement to earnings in the out years. But having said that, however, though, as you grow the rate base from new CapEx, the lower ROE is going to be a drag on earnings.  So we won't break it out in the future, Shar, because there's no sense talking about what is no longer our ROE, but it will all be factored into any earnings guidance we give for 2022 and beyond.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. Got you. Okay. Great. And then just can you just give us some thoughts on how you see sort of the business trajectory post like the power sale? Just thinking of like how do you bridge the 6.5% to 8% utility rate base growth with the remaining moving pieces, like nuclear and the holdings business, Offshore Wind JV. And do you sort of plan to provide longer-term EPS guidance post the sale at the Analyst Day? So how do we sort of think about that?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So we're hoping to get together late in September. That's still our current thinking. And we do anticipate being able to give multiyear earnings guidance and revisit our dividend policy at that point in time.  I think -- right now, we give you 10 months of earnings guidance. So multiyear may start out being 3 to 5 years. I don't think it's going to -- it's certainly not going to be beyond that. It's just so tough to predict, longer term than that, Shar. But really, what we highlighted not that long ago is still in place, we think after the sale, we'll be close to 90% regulated.  Now that could drop a little bit as we start adding Offshore Wind, but that we expect to be fully contracted. And so that was the 80% to 90% range that we had given in prior earnings calls, and that's still in place. We are determined to get a longer-term treatment of our nuclear plants. We've said in a matter of fact that the 3 years that is untenable. And we're delighted that New Jersey gave us that to be able to enter into this more thoughtful discussion either at the federal level or if it has to be at the state level to expand that time frame.  But the utility growth trajectory has only been enhanced, right? Its growth trajectory has always been supported by the fact that we have an aging infrastructure that can: A, not meet the needs of a customer base that is increasingly dependent on that infrastructure; and B, that infrastructure in addition to its age is confronting more intense weather patterns and storms.  So the need to replace that aging infrastructure, inclusive of greater emphasis on the last mile as more and more people work from home, is just equally, if not growing in prominence. And then we have the ability to add to that the carbon-free agenda and the green agenda of New Jersey, which allows this whole opportunity of adding to the rate base on the customer side of the meter.  And as I said in the past, it takes a lot of light bulbs to replace the transmission tower in terms of earnings power, but they're equally important to the customer, both from an energy efficiency point of view and a reliability point of view. So I'd say that the utility growth prospects remain intact, if not, are enhanced. But what we continue to see in terms of climate change and the stress it puts on the infrastructure and the desire to battle that and the opportunity it creates on the customer side of the meter.
Shahriar Pourreza: So should we -- as we're thinking about the 3- to 5-year growth rate, should we think about it as the rate base that you guide currently at the utility level, and when Offshore Wind starts to become more material, you kind of rebase that year higher and then grow off of that?  Or as you're thinking about that 3- to 5-year growth rate, are you going to revert back to your traditional, to what you guide, which is looking at your CapEx and probabilistic scenarios, right? And I guess the bookends of that growth rate off of the rate base growth would really be based on, I guess, the CapEx visibility you have, right, that would dictate a lot of on top of that. Is that the way to think about it?
Ralph Izzo: So I don't want to give that long-term growth today. But I think -- when you have to think about, Shar, I mean, we have given a 5-year CAGR on rate base growth. So that will form the template of how we think about our long-term earnings growth so -- the end of last year until we get to the new year. And then it will build off of that.  Now Offshore Wind is a little bit more difficult at this point in time, obviously, because we only have one project that's in the bank, so to speak, that's Ocean Wind 1. But we have lots of opportunities that are in the discussion phase.  And to your point, yes, we will still suffer from the fact that the capital program is not as well known in years 4 and 5, and that they embed a little bit of potential conservatism in the rate base growth, which we've tended to be able to make up for in the past.  And we'll think that through and give you further clarity about what we're assuming in terms of on file programs or continuation of programs when we meet with you in September. But we'll make that abundantly clear in how the earnings growth has been -- what's being assumed in it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I want to come back to the guidance increase just on '21 here. I just wanted to understand a little bit more of the confidence, and the confidence in raising now with second quarter. I mean, obviously, the ROE impact is known, but you also have a solar and fossil headwind, obviously not fully reflected in expectations here. Just what gave you the confidence to raise it at this point? It's notable.
Daniel Cregg: Julien, I think it's a couple of things. First off, we have solar that has been sold and that was in what we had going forward. And as we sit here today, what we have still assumes that fossil continues on. So that's more status quo than anything else. The other thing that I would -- that I think is probably worth mentioning though, is just the -- if you think about the utility, if you think about on the electric side, that SIP program, which has a leveling effect -- is in effect for electric in June, it's in effect in October for gas. And if you think about going through the summer period, gas usage is low during that period. So that will take some volatility out of the balance of the year from those perspectives.  And so just seeing where we are with the events that we know and with the effect of some volatility-reducing aspects of the SIP, I think that it made sense right now to do what we did do and we'll see what happens from here.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And perhaps I can preference that I know the rating agencies are already acting in some respects. But can you elaborate on the increased flexibility, right? I know you used that word very specifically here, as you mentioned the topic at the Analyst Day.  What kind of financial metrics are you thinking about with respect to your balance sheet on a prospective basis, perhaps pro forma for your strategic repositioning?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Look, I think embedded within your question is an acknowledgment that as we step forward, the company will have a more stable business mix on top of the aspect that I just talked about with respect to the SIP having a stabilizing effect.  I think Analyst Day is the right time to put that out. But if you think about just that change in business mix is going to put us in a position where we have some more flexibility. So I think for more details on that, stay tuned. But I think the direction of it is obviously favorable given the business mix.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But just to clarify this, should we still broadly be thinking about use of proceeds? Is it entirely towards debt paydown?
Daniel Cregg: No. I mean what we said is that use of proceeds certainly would go towards Power's debt paydown. You've seen some of that happen already, but also the continued ability to invest in the business, if you think about investment opportunities that Ralph just talked about with respect to PSE&G and certainly within some of the out years as well as Offshore Wind, and the potential for a return of capital to shareholders.  So those are the buckets that we've talked about. And probably with respect to the first use, I would think about the Power debt being taken out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Understood. I appreciate it. But so buyback, dividend and CapEx all there?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. You were nodding your head Dan, but they couldn't see that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Dan, just quickly on 2021, can you quantify how much benefit was weather in the second quarter? I'm just trying to reconcile your move up in guidance given, sort of, the ROE headwinds and the combination of other things, including sort of demand recovery, load recovery year-over-year.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. We didn't have a $0.01 provided on weather, but modest. It's kind of in a $0.01 or $0.02 down across the businesses.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. So small. And then just maybe all my questions have been answered. But Ralph, is there a way to size the transmission investment, like what could be the upside? I mean you have a, what, $16 billion 5-year CapEx plan towards the high end of your range. But what could be a potential upside from all the transmission investment in New Jersey?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, I'm glad you asked that question, right? Because what we have been telling folks is that we expect it to be a 9-figure investment opportunity. But I think we've understated it. Looking at the breadth of what New Jersey wants to see happen, we may need to add a 0 to that. That does look like a more of a 10-figure investment opportunity at this point.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So very large and presumably sort of worth structure.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. It's a lot of infrastructure.
Durgesh Chopra: Right. And over sort of a 5, 10 year time line. Is that the right way to think about it? I appreciate all leanings, but...
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No. I think that that's right, because it's supposed to be if New Jersey goes ahead with it, the intent is to be able to manage the 2035 target of 7.5 gigawatts. But it's not necessarily all going to be regulated, right?  Some of the on-land stuff probably will be. But the components that are landing sites onshore and the backbone out in the ocean and the pieces that are connected to the ocean more than likely would be unregulated, but supported by a contract or a board order.
Daniel Cregg: And Durgesh, the nature of it, we talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks. There's a lot of options as to what actually can end up coming forward. And so I think what you're likely to see is a submission that would include multiple alternatives that some may or may not be mutually exclusive depending upon the way that the decision is ultimately made.  So you may see kind of a bigger number going forward from the standpoint of all alternatives, which may distill down to a smaller number that we end up getting. Now it all obviously would end up being FERC regulated, but you may not see that embedded within our PSE&G regulated entity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Just quickly on Ocean Wind to your potential interest in becoming involved there. Any sense of how soon we might learn about that? Are you already talking about it? Or anything you can share there?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I don't think we want to get into details on that, Jonathan. I mean we have a range of conversations across several projects that are in the Mid-Atlantic region underway with Ørsted. And I think that's probably as far as I want to go. I do want to make sure that we -- that Dan's comment a second ago is best addressed, right? So when we say it's not regularly what we mean is it's not going to be part of the transmission, it's not going to part of PSE&G, but all transmission is FERC regulated. So we'd still give that kind of treatment.  But in terms of Ocean Wind 2, it is obviously safe to conclude that we will have some conversations with Ørsted about that as well as some other opportunities in the region.
Jonathan Arnold: All right. And just on -- you said that you're hoping to announce the -- have things to tell us in, I think, the very near future on fossil in the Analyst Day still targeting September. But you did -- it does look like you put first quarter of '22 sort of in the official statement on when we might when closing might happen. So -- can you just close the loop for us there a little bit? Did things shift back a bit, or...
Ralph Izzo: Happy to. Look, so from my perspective, we've been running a 12-month process that's been phenomenally successful. It's been extremely robust. And I just don't want to sacrifice value for an arbitrary deadline.  So we think in the near future, we'll be able to give you more detail, and we're still holding out for end of September Analyst Day. But I'm not going to sacrifice value for, as I said, an arbitrary deadline. The Q1 of '22 is just if you look at FERC approval time frames for similar-sized deals, in terms of when things were filed and when FERC finally blessed and you tack it on to where we are at the moment, that it could bleed into next year is what we're saying.  It could still happen by the end of this year, but it could also just look at the range of dates leading to next year. Again, I think the process has been incredibly robust, and I don't want to diminish how well it's gone by just forcing an expedited closing of the final stages.
Daniel Cregg: And just as Ralph mentioned, Jonathan, so I mean the initial announcement was this time last year. So when he talks about 12 months, we literally are to the event at least, if not for the exact day at 12 months. And that FERC process does not have a firm time line on it. And so that's -- as we think about timing, it's a little bit of an uncertain target. That's an approximate time frame I believe.
Jonathan Arnold: I was just curious because it looks like a slight change in language, but that's great. Dan, I'll just ask one other quick thing on the CIP and implementing that. Does that have -- because I guess that sort of would pull out any over or under performance on weather through the balance of the year.  Does it help or hurt you relative to guidance, having the CIP sort of come into effect? I realize it makes it less volatile going forward. But I'm just curious as you sort of pull out the, what you had in the base.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Honestly, Jonathan, it will depend a little bit upon what the weather and the economic activity is, right? We will be back to a more neutralized outcome. And as you mentioned, embedded within your question, there's more stability to that. But I think it's probably a question better answered as we get to our year-end call than where it is now.
Jonathan Arnold: I thought it might be a question of what weather was because that was -- which you'll then as we think about sort of year-to-year comps that will fall away and then it becomes normal, right?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I mean we would be thinking about it prospectively as being normal. So I don't think there'd be a strong bias one way or the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: A couple of questions. First one, just need a little help here. The net revenue change tied to the FERC ROE adjustment is $100 million, if I back out the $42 million. I'm just struggling to get to how it's only $0.10 to $0.12 of an impact. Would think just that $100 million tax effect is a bigger impact than $0.10 to $0.12.
Daniel Cregg: I'm sorry, Michael. Say again?
Michael Lapides: Well, I'm just -- the total revenue reduction is $142 million, but there's a $42 million reduction in D&A. So kind of down to the EBIT line or operating income line, it's a $100 million adjustment that just -- if that tax affected that, that would imply a bigger impact than the cents per share you've disclosed when you first announced it. Can you just help me bridge the gap there?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Yes, Michael, if you think about the other things that we kind of talked about within the overall settlement. So the way we've described it to some folks, the probably the easiest thing to think about is just if we spend $1 on G&A, the imperfected timing groove of state and federal regulation might have us receiving $0.49 back from state and $0.49 back from federal. And so there's not full recovery. And so it seemed like the right time, as we were talking through all this, to be able to just make sure that we were able to recover all costs. And so something like that, that would get us back and my example, that $0.02 of that dollar is additive as well.  And so it's that kind of thing that went into the overall settlement, which helped a little bit beyond just the headline math of ROE delta times rate base amount. So those kind of things around the edges that were a little bit helpful, that we cleaned up as we went through as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then, Ralph, just a question for you, and this is thinking multiyears out and really long term. What is a better business from a risk profile and return standpoint? Owning minority stakes in Offshore Winds, the generating facility itself? Or owning and developing and building either contracted or FERC-regulated transmission to serve that wind?
Ralph Izzo: Well, it depends on the skill sets that you contain, right? So for us, it's clearly the transmission component. But we're fortunate to have a partner that's the world leader in operating those Offshore Wind farms.  So by virtue of that skill set that we can candidly lean on, we're economically indifferent in that regard. But it's pretty clear we've not been shy about it. In the case of building the wind farms, we're the passenger on the bus, but we have a very good bus driver that we trust. And in the case of the transmission, we're more than happy to be the best driver.  But in both cases, we look at risk-adjusted returns. And the risk component is a function of what are the skill sets that you have or that your partner has.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And can you remind me just the -- we're in an environment right now where a hot topic for conversation is inflation, especially on commodity cost inputs. If the price, or the cost to build the Offshore Wind plant rises above kind of the original expectation, how does that get shared between you and Ørsted?
Ralph Izzo: Well, so the projects are shared according to our equity percentages, right? So you're 25% owner of the project, they're 75% owner of the project. And that's what the benefits or burdens would be going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So just on the asset sale, could you -- with the write-down and everything, where is the book value or the asset value on the books of the fossil portfolio at this point?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So we've laid out within our SEC docs, Paul, that fossil asset value is about $4.5 billion.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just on the transmission build-out, which you guys went over and it sounds like a great opportunity with Offshore Wind and everything. But how would it work? I mean, it sounds like it's competitive. Would there be AFUDC if you guys were to win a substantial portion of that? Would that be -- would there be AFUDC that would be associated with the construction of that? Or would it basically be the situation where you get the earnings impact when the project is complete?
Daniel Cregg: No, there is the ability for an AFUDC recovery loan.
Paul Patterson: There is. Okay. And then -- just finally to sort of -- you mentioned that any component can be bid on. But it would seem to me that -- how would that work, I guess, if there was sort of a comprehensive bid, somebody dig into this scale like you can do a comprehensive bid? Is it really the ability of somebody to say, "Hey, there's a substation or something I want to -- I want to build."  How could somebody sort of modularize it, if you follow what I'm saying? Is that really a possibility that you would have a project that would be put out there, but they would say, well, we'll take part of your project and split it up or really would it be pretty much -- do you follow what I'm saying?
Ralph Izzo: I do. I do. And actually, that's been done successfully in the past, Paul. If you think about third quarter 1,000 solicitations replaced called the Artificial Island project. We're basically -- we were given part of the project and someone else was given another part of the project that were considered complementary to each other and mutually reinforcing of the voltage and stability issue that was trying to be resolved.  I do think your question points in a direction that I would agree with, that it is probably easier to optimize the whole by putting in all 4 components and a specialist that just wants to do one component may or may not fit as naturally into the other components. But they could have just such a low-cost solution on land or out in the ocean that, that PJM figures out a way to ensure the technical requirements of the project are achieved and then leaves it to the BP units whether or not they want to have bifurcated ownership of what will become an Offshore Wind grid.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions. And now I will turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Great, thank you. So look, I hope you agree. We've made tremendous progress on multiple fronts, operational, regulatory and legislative. I'm particularly optimistic and encouraged by the amount of federal attention being given to a nuclear production tax credit, and the clearing of the deck, so to speak, of some of our own state issues that are now behind us, both in terms of the ROE settlement and the second round of ZECs.  We're going to continue to make progress, I'm sure, on the fossil asset sale, to get us to that fully-regulated or contracted position that we have targeted for the better part of the year. And we're looking forward to speaking with many of you at some of the upcoming virtual conferences over the next several weeks and our Investor Day in the fall. So with that, stay safe, stay healthy, and thank you for joining us, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Christi, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. . As a reminder, the conference is being recorded today, May 5, 2021, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on May 11, 2021. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at investor.pseg.com.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Christi. Good morning. PSEG released first quarter 2021 earnings results earlier today. The earnings release, attachments and today's slides can be found on the PSEG Investor Relations website, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters we will discuss on today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and included in today's earnings material. I will now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on today's call is Daniel Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that PSEG has achieved several major milestones on our path to becoming a primarily regulated utility company with a complementary and significantly contracted carbon-free generating fleet. PSEG posted solid results earlier this morning, reporting non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2021 of $1.28 per share versus $1.03 per share in last year's first quarter. Our GAAP results for the first quarter were also $1.28 per share versus $0.88 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Results from ongoing regulated investments at PSE&G and the effect of cold weather on PSEG Power drove favorable comparisons at both businesses. We present details on the quarter's results on Slide 5 of the earnings presentation. We are well positioned to execute on our financial and strategic goals for the balance of the year given this eventful quarter. Beginning was out nearly $2 billion of Clean Energy Future programs, which have moved from approval to execution. PSE&G is helping to advance the decarbonization of New Jersey in a sizable and equitable way. Our Clean Energy Future investments are paired with a jobs training program that offers opportunities to low and middle-income New Jersey community. Last week, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities voted unanimously to award a continuation of the full $10 per megawatt hour zero-emission certificates, I'll just call them ZECs from now on, for all 3 New Jersey nuclear units, that would be Hope Creek, Salem number 1 and Salem number 2 through May of 2025. This was the maximum amount that the BPU could have awarded, and we are appreciative of the support received from the many community, labor, business, environmental and employee organizations that participated in this enormously important process.
Daniel Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph mentioned, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2021 of $1.28 per share versus $1.03 per share in last year's first quarter. We've provided you with information on Slide 12 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. And Slide 13 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. I'll now review each company in more detail.
Operator: . The first question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, first off, if you don't mind, there was an article this morning here in Reuters, I believe, around federal support for production tax credits. Obviously, you all just received your own state level support here on ZECs. Can you talk about how those 2 might match together, understanding that, obviously, it's very early days on any federal effort here? And then related to that, on the Nuclear front, as you think about your cost reduction efforts and offsetting the dissynergies, how should we think about the cost structure above -- sitting above the nuclear plant sort of once everything's said and done after this year, if you think about that, too?
Ralph Izzo: Julien, thanks for your question. So in the New Jersey statute -- for 2018 statute, there's an explicit offset that would reduce the ZEC payment if there's a federal payment for the carbon-free attributes of the plants. And we have always maintained that whether it's nuclear or wind or solar that reducing the nation's carbon emissions should be governed by a nationwide program. So we are actively pursuing these federal remedies. And yes, they would be, as I just said a moment ago, offset the ZEC. I don't know that I fully understand your question about the cost structure on top of the plants.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me rephrase that, if you don't mind, team.
Ralph Izzo: Sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you, Ralph. Just as you think about the legacy SG&A, sort of the corporate costs, as you think about divesting these other packages here, can you just elaborate as to how you think about sort of what the run rate is of that business without asking what the actual profitability of the nuclear plants are? How do you think about the cost structure therein just as we look to refine ourselves in kind of a '22 going-forward basis?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, we have set a goal for ourselves that there would be no stranded costs that would remain upon a divestiture of assets. The philosophy we've adopted is that we want to be extremely ambitious in eliminating positions, but extremely accommodating in helping people get reassigned to the extent that their skills match needs in the company, right? I mean we churn over 7% of our employee population every year. So we're always looking for talent. Now the one exception to that, of course, is that to the extent that we have people like myself, who's compensation was spread over a bigger asset base, that's going to be something that we will have to make up like that will be the case. So no, we are not having any residual stranded support or  costs remaining of the .
Daniel Cregg: Yes. These are direct or indirect, as Ralph pointed out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Excellent team. And just clarifying, there's no further clues you can offer us on the sale price for the portfolio today upside and not taking a write down.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So it's -- bracket, it's a big bracket. It was between $500 million and $600 million. And the value accretion is based upon an average of the next 3 years of what we thought the EBITDA would be. And the earnings accretion is if we used the proceeds simply to retire debt. So we're not making any heroic assumptions. So as I said in my remarks. it was a robust process, we had credible participants, and we had -- the prices we received were quite credible, and we think it worked quite well. I'm -- you're tired of hearing me say this, but so far, the only surprise I've had since July is that there have been no surprises. So -- and I hope I can continue to say that, and I'm sure I will.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to take a step a bit higher level here with Biden plan and granted, it's very early here, things can change, but just wondering what you're looking for here and how could it impact PEG as far as what it could mean for offshore wind, transmission development, or even kind of different things such as nuclear with green hydrogen in the future? Just any type of thoughts that you could share as far as what possibilities or what you're looking for here?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Jeremy. We were one of the very small group of companies candidly in our industry who worked to the President and supported his 80% reduction by 2030 for the electric sector. And we're working with members of Congress on making sure that nuclear is included in any clean energy standard in a technology-neutral way. Candidly, we have been talking to folks about the possibility that if tax credits are extended for carbon-free energy that nuclear be eligible for that as well. That, to an extent, an incentive system is set up to achieve these targets that may not be technology specific, but that they be, I'll repeat myself here, technology indifferent as long as you're achieving the desired outcome, which is carbon reductions. We know that there is a lot of wisdom to all the above approach, including nuclear, solar, wind, carbon capture and storage. And we're pleased to see what the President has said about the prospects for offshore wind in New Jersey in the middle of the second round, solicitation looking from another 2.4 gigawatts. Maryland is seeking an additional fee of 100-gig megawatts. So I do think the momentum is real. And the combination of enthusiasm coming out of Washington and enthusiasm on the part of Governors in the region in which we operate leads me to believe that there is going to be a lot of opportunity to invest both in the transmission infrastructure needed to access carbon-free resources and the continued development of carbon-free resources as well as the preservation of existing carbon-free resources. Don't forget, I know you know this, but nationwide, the existing nuclear fleet is responsible for over -- just over 50% of the carbon-free energy in the nation, even though it only supplies 20% of the total electricity. And in New Jersey, those numbers are even more pronounced. Our nuclear plants are over 90% of the carbon-free energy. So he's got this really nice confluence of political leadership in capital and in the states, all rowing the same -- rowing the boat in the same direction.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And granted, as you said, federal support could supersede what happens at the state level. And it's great to see you just get the 3-year extension is there. But just wondering, as you look down the road here, do you see the potential for changes to the ZEC program in New Jersey, be it higher levels, longer duration? Or just trying to get a feeling for what you think might be possible there?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, listen, we've been quite consistent in saying that we see a multi-phase process to secure the long-term viability of our nuclear plants, and getting around to a ZEC was the successful combination of Phase I. In Phase II, there are 3 pathways we're going to explore. One is a federal pathway via that a clean energy standard or production tax credit, and we talked about that just a moment ago. So we're going to work hard to pursue that because it is global climate change, not New Jersey climate change. Second path is to being honest broker and adviser to the state in its pursuit of an FRR. And that, as I said in my remarks, is in process, and we're expecting a summary report from the state consultants sometime this month. That's just a little bit behind schedule, but not by much and state has some time to do that thoughtfully and well. In the unlikely event that all of that doesn't achieve the long-term economic viability of the nuclear plants, then we would talk to state policymakers about modifying the ZEC program to do that. It is pretty clear that a 3-year process is untenable in such a capital-intensive asset. And as we said throughout the proceeding, the $10 per megawatt hour was not commensurate with the cost of capital associated on a risk-adjusted basis when operating those plants. But given the opportunity to pursue these 3 other remedy paths that we would accept the $10 per megawatt. So I do think that there's a fair amount of opportunity to change the economic support for the nuclear plants.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shah Pourreza with Guggenheim and Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: A couple of questions here. First, just curious how you're thinking about maybe capital allocation from the Fossil sale -- pending sale? And especially as you guys are getting over the finish line, I mean, kind of with the derisking nature of the transaction, do you sort of need the cash proceeds further delevering? Or do you anticipate the transaction to be credit accretive. And then maybe as a sub-point, how efficiently do you think you could redeploy proceeds on the organic side? Because we've seen some pretty healthy transactions on the asset side with PEG, so curious there.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, it's a great question, Shahriar. And we've said throughout the year and even before, if you take a look at the capital program that we have in front of us for 21 to '25 that we could fund that without the need for incremental equity. So take that as it is and start to think about the sale of the business and proceeds coming in, there's going to be excess proceeds. And so your question is the right one. What do you think about for use of proceeds? And so there's debt at the Power level. And if you think about working your way through some of the terms of that debt, you'll see that some of the conditions there in is reliant upon some of the assets that are being sold. So I think, pay down of debt at the Power level is an obvious first use of proceeds. We would anticipate excess proceeds beyond that, at which point, you start to take a look at how we have described the business and how we've described the business is continuing to grow the utility. It has a fairly voracious appetite. The existing capital plan can be done without additional equity. But as we step through time, as we've always said, if you take a look at the 5-year capital plan, there are additional things that end up coming to bear during those 4- or 5-year periods and then towards the back end of that plan that are not known at the beginning. So there certainly ends up being opportunity at the utility. We've had a lot of discussion about offshore wind. We've talked about investing in Ocean Wind, and that we would not intend to do ocean wind as a one-off project, so we would either be in the business or not. So opportunities will come there, and they tend to be lumpy when they come based upon the various solicitations. So I think there's another opportunity to deploy capital there. And then there is always the opportunity to return some capital to shareholders. To your point, we have said very often that, to the extent that we look at some of the transactions that are going on and people are paying more than 1x rate base to get the ability to earn on a dollar of rate base, that's a challenging economic situation for us. So we have looked, and we'll continue to look at those opportunities. But to date, they have kind of fallen below the optimal things that we can do with our capital.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And then just a transmission ROE question, how active, Ralph and Dan, are your discussions on returns? Now that some of the other agenda items have been taken off the BP plate. And this is in light of the headlines from the FERC ALJs I'm pretty draconian views for ROEs and cap structures, which obviously sent a message to investors. How qualitative do you think the BPU is in regard to target ROEs, both on -- at the transmission and state level side in light of what we're seeing at the federal side?
Ralph Izzo: So I think the conversations remain very constructive. And the issue, as you correctly pointed out, Shahriar, has been a combination of how busy the Board was given what we wanted to do, but that's only part of it. I mean the Board is in the middle of a second round solicitation on offshore wind for 2.4 gigawatts. They're in the middle of an FRR proceeding. They regulate water companies other electric and gas companies and then COVID does introduce an element of inefficiency in terms of how and when it can . So there's been no indication in the conversations that anyone is any less motivated to find a common ground than we started. And I know -- I realized it's over a year ago that we started It's taking that amount of time, but that's just a function of what I said a moment ago. And again, the motivation for us is to get a fair outcome that removes any uncertainty on the part of our investors and as well as to provide some level of rate relief for customers. And the motivation for the Board staff is to achieve that team very belief, but to do it now instead of getting immersed into a FERC proceeding that might resolve itself in many years from now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe just a clarification on the FERC discussion you were just having. Have you quantified what the 50 basis points elimination does in terms of an earnings impact to you guys?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I think we did I said it would be about $0.06 a share on an annual basis.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. And then just maybe get your thoughts directionally, how you're thinking about the PJM here, the capacity option here next month, maybe you can just talk about it directionally, where do you see prices going? And then how does that impact your sort of process of selling the Fossil assets?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So we have had a long and story history of not trying to predict public where things are going. We've -- I think we've done a decent job internally of having our own views. But ultimately, as a participant there, I don't tend to share too many. I mean the only thing I would say is that if you take a look overall at the parameters that have been put forth for this auction, there is more of a bearish tilt than a bullish tent, if I think back compared to some prior auctions. So we'll get the results June 2 and see where things go. But on balance, we see just as a comparison to prior auctions, we see a little bit more bearish than bullish signals coming out of this one, just from the inputs that we've gotten so far.
Durgesh Chopra: That's super helpful. And just a is that -- just any color on sort of your discussions with active parties interested in those assets? What are you seeing there?
Daniel Cregg: So I think it will play a little bit of a role. If I tend to think about the assets that we're selling to they are assets with they're very efficient, great capacity factors. And so they're getting significant spark spreads that ultimately drive their value. Capacity has some of the value, obviously. But given how much they run, I think the energy margins are going to be critical to that determination. And this auction is going to be 1 year. And what folks will see after that, they can draw some conclusions from a year. But as I just talked about, you think about historical auctions compared to the current auction, you're going to have differences in the parameters as you step through time. So I think that the capacity auctions of the past have not been a wonderful forebearer of what could happen in future auctions. So obviously, each participant is going to take a look at that and see what they're going to do with it from a bid perspective. But it's not as big of an impact to look at a historical capacity auction as the some other things.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: I think most of my questions were answered, but just on the Fossil sale just discussed, based on the initial bids you've had and different scenarios for the auction. How confident are you that you will complete a sale out of this and get somewhere in the range you were expecting?
Daniel Cregg: Steve, I think we have had a robust process. I think that we've had a lot of interest. I think the assets themselves deserve and have drawn a lot of interest. So I guess I'd echo what Ralph said a couple of minutes ago, if we think about that things have gone as expected, I think that's a relative positive for continued progress here, and we would anticipate coming to a good conclusion.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then on the offshore wind, both the commitment you've made so far and potential future ones, when will we get a little more kind of insight into the amount of the investment you're going to make and timing of that, yes?
Ralph Izzo: So that happens in an increment, Steve, right? So good news at a bone is on the impact statement, it will be done, and I think that's a '22 event. We've talked about making some capital decisions in the second half of this year, it's called a pre-FID decision. And as I said, that for financial investment decision. And then I think there's another major decision a year later than that. But -- so it's multiple steps in the process. We're pleased with how things are going right now. There's some tax flow changes that are being bandied about that need to be sorted through in terms of our original premise in a tax equity partner. And I think right now, to be honest with you, that team is more focused on execution and a little bit more attention being paid to the ongoing solicitations to create even further opportunities.
Daniel Cregg: Yes -- see, the dynamic environment that we've had from a credit perspective in Washington does tend to shift things around. And as Ralph said, we're the tax equity in the social wind project. So it remains, a little bit of flux, exactly what it will look like because the tax equity is going to be influenced by the ultimate tax rules where they sit. So we've had some changes over time with respect to, I guess, last December, you saw a shift between the equalization, if you will, between PTC and ITC. And with all of the, I guess, I'd say, proposals as opposed to proposed legislation because it's not at that stage yet with respect to where some of these credits may go. It's got to turn into actual legislation before we know a final answer there. So those will tend to influence ultimately some of the cash flows in the initial years, too.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And this question kind of got asked, but I'll just -- I'll ask a little differently there. Given the FERC MOPR that came out, just how are you -- how is that, if at all, impacting your ability to settle the New Jersey transmission ROE? Is that tying into it at all? Or if you're okay?
Ralph Izzo: It's a course part of the background environment in which we're talking sort of ironic. 6 months ago, we were having this conversation that I think you would have phrased that as how does the...
Steve Fleishman: The other way.
Ralph Izzo: Framing  realization. And of course, our colleagues at the regulatory team were saying, right, maybe another 50 basis points, we need to have it lower and our response was well that's not guaranteed and we can depend on we were ride. And now we're tempted to say, well, with RTO taken away, then our settlement number needs to be higher what they're saying there's no guarantee that's going to happen. So it's part of the background. The negotiation has always been around the base ROE. And both sides realize that any RTO incentives adder was a separate  from that.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just quickly on the sort of the market for off a cap. As you're aware, there's -- there was a filing by P3 sort of seeming somewhat concerned about whether or not there was going to be a safe harbor that have been -- that they perceive to be -- that they -- whether that was going to be continuing for this upcoming auction? And I was wondering, I didn't see really anybody other than them raise this issue. And obviously, counter filings and what have you, but any sense as to whether or not that's a significant issue or could impact you guys in any significant way?
Ralph Izzo: Not to my knowledge, Paul, Dan and I are looking at each other right now, saying we haven't joined any alarm bell -- rang any alarm bells over that at all.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just with the MOPR and the FRR, given where the MOPR is and these things that are happening at PJM plus what we're having at FERC, is there -- what are the chances that there will be any significant action until the MOPR issue is resolved with respect to the FRR?
Ralph Izzo: I think what the state will do is to continue to make progress on what an FRR should look like if the MOPR doesn't resolve the duplicative payment, I'm not -- I don't want to conjecture whether the state would proceed with the FRR if the duplication and the capacity payment were eliminated might choose to continue anyway, just to some dependents and not have to worry about the future FERC going back in the other direction, right? So because New Jersey is clearly in for the long-haul in terms of securing carbon-free energy. And we've had some sizable changes in the direction of FERC, whether it's the MOPR, whether it's the RTO adder. And I could see the states are saying, okay, I can't live that way, let me chart my own course. Having said that, they might equally say, well, I don't need to chart that course for a little while because the offshore wind that's coming into play in the 2024 energy year will no longer have this penalty to imposed upon it. So it does give the state some optionality if the MOPR is fixed.
Daniel Cregg: And if resolved, quick enough, perhaps gets done before anything gets finalized on the FRR, that would, I think be the ideal situation that the state would have all the information to be able to finalize against.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: How do you think about your chances in the offshore transmission solicitation and the eventual scale of that opportunity?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So one of the landing points is a switching station of ours. And that doesn't give us a hard and fast advantage, except we know the area, we know the right-of-ways, we know the transmission flow as we understand how to engineer multiple solutions to bring that power online without creating any other reliability issues. I don't -- have we given the scale, I mean, of the magnitude of the opportunity? I don't think we have, right? Because it's an RFP. So if we struck numbers out there, that'd give competitors a fair amount of information about what we think we'll be bidding. But it is a consequential number. I mean, it's something that would be a sizable project and a good use of capital.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And I guess I was just curious with recent cable issues that they ran into. Just wondering if that's something that needs kind of reevaluation or changes economics in any way for the Ocean Wind project?
Ralph Izzo: So I don't want to pretend to be an expert on that. I think the economic impact is more on having to go back and fixed as opposed to designing in advance to avoid. But that would be a better question to ask the folks at We will Ørsted. We will of course, see all of that included in the project financial analysis during the pre-FID stage. But I don't have a more specific answer than that. I know what's been in domain has been existing project in mitigation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quick. First of all, offshore wind, are you thinking that you're your interest is primarily owning or co-owning or owning stakes in projects that primarily serve New Jersey? Or are you looking to be more broad, more diverse across the Eastern Seaboard and with more venture partners besides just the one you're doing on ocean wind?
Ralph Izzo: So yes. So we would accept a broader opportunities. As you probably know, Michael, our Garden State Offshore Energy site that we call that has ready access to Maryland. And it's actually been used for something called the Skipjack project, which serves Maryland. We also reach into Delaware, should Delaware choose to pursue Ocean Wind and can reach New Jersey. It's in the southern tip of New Jersey. So that has a 3-state reach. Our arrangement with Ørsted is in a certain part of the Mid-Atlantic region. So we're free to work with others outside this region. But as you're well aware, most of the participants in offshore wind are seeking partnerships, if at all, with local utilities for a variety of regulatory and planning -- transmission planning reasons. So while we would be open to it, I think it's safe to conclude that our primary focus and emphasis is with this partner in this Mid-Atlantic region.
Daniel Cregg: It's, Michael, a pretty opportunity-rich area as well. I mean, we have said that we wouldn't expect to be going to the Philippines to do any projects there. But if you think about what is closer to home, it is a pretty opportunity-rich area.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then just one last one. On Ocean Wind or on other New Jersey ones, can you remind me once the PPA is signed, who warehouses construction cost risk? Is that the project developers? Is it the customer? Like how does that work?
Ralph Izzo: That's a project developer, right? So the PPA, the Board order has a energy price and then an escalator for 20, 25 years, I forget. And anything that's -- any costs or issues that were not anticipated or planned for are at the risk of the developer.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research Partners.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick one. On the offshore again, can you remind us, Ralph, if you have any  with Ocean Wind 2 at this stage? And or if there's kind of an opportunity to have one?
Ralph Izzo: So Jonathan, you broke up. Either there's a chance that Dan heard you better than I did, or maybe you just there repeat that.
Daniel Cregg: Could you repeat the question, Jon?
Jonathan Arnold: My question was whether you have -- just if you could remind us what your involvement or potential involvement with Ocean Wind 2 might be the project that was bid in to the current solicitation?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So basically, that's Ørsted's project. And if they want to partner with someone, we have the right of first refusal in doing that.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. And then just one -- just to clean up issue on the Power and the balance sheet. And Dan, you mentioned your comments about use of proceeds. Is there an amount of debt that you indicated that you would continue to carry on Power? Just trying to sort of gauge how we should think about some of these  sort of coming up? And what the go-forward balance sheet might look like?
Daniel Cregg: There's not a number that we put out, Jonathan. I think the way to think about it is that there's cash flows that come off of Power. And certainly, those cash flows are financeable to the extent that there's a, for instance, a longer-term solution for Nuclear, then you've got a longer-term understanding of what that could be and it could carry an incremental amount of debt for a longer period of time, depending upon where all that lands. And separate and apart, I'm sorry, Power the offshore wind proposal, as Ralph talked about, it escalates for 20 years, and that price is fixed. So yes, the construction risk is on the developer. But what you see from a revenue stream standpoint is not market oriented, you get paid the OREC and then you provide back the market revenues that would come from that. So there's some stability there as well. So I have put a number on that, but there is a financeable cash flow stream in both of those instances.
Jonathan Arnold: So your comments before were not sort of pointing to a kind of a debt-free Power there?
Daniel Cregg: Right, not necessarily. Certainly, it would not -- it would probably not be the same issuances that would be there, but it could carry some debt on the other side of that.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just maybe a similar vein. Any plans to term out the parent maturity that's coming up in November? Or is that one you're just going to retire?
Daniel Cregg: It will be based upon everything else that happens between now and then which includes the status of what's going on from a sales perspective.
Ralph Izzo: I think we're going to wrap up at this point. Thank you all for joining us. And I know we've been on the phone for about an hour, but the message I hope you heard is a fairly simple one that is that we're executing on our plan and doing the things that we said we would do to reinforce and create primarily ESG leading utility. So thank you again for spending time with us. And I hope to see you all soon in person. Have a great day, folks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-26 18:03:17) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to PSEG 4Q and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan, VP, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carlotta Chan: Good morning and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings release, attachments and slides, detailing operating results by company, are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-K will be filed shortly.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our 2020 review and future outlook. PSE&G reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.65 per share. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year rose by 4.6% to $3.43 per share, and mark the 16th year in a row that PSE&G delivered results within our original earnings guidance. PSE&G GAAP results were $0.85 per share for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared with $0.86 per share for the fourth quarter of 2019. In addition for the full year PSE&G reported 2020 net income of $3.76 per share compared with $3.33 per share in 2019. Details on the results for the quarter and the full year can be found on slides 12 and 14. I am pleased to report that the PSE&G's fourth quarter and full year results reflected solid contributions from both PSE&G and PSEG Power. And I'm particularly proud of the achievements of our employees during this past year as it was one of the most challenging in recent memory. Their efforts have kept our customers connected to essential energy services to power their homes, businesses, and vitally important institutions. We have also made steady progress in several key business priorities, the most important of which is our transition to becoming primarily a regulated utility, with contract and generation comprise about zero carbon nuclear fleet and future investments in regional offshore wind. In the past six months, we've announced the exploration of strategic alternatives for PSEG Power's 7,200 plus megawatts of non Nuclear Generating assets, and received initial indications of interest for both the fossil and solar source assets. PSE&G successfully initiated its landmark clean energy future program, securing approval to spend nearly $2 billion in energy efficiency, smart meter installations and electric vehicle charging infrastructure, all of which will enhance New Jersey's environmental profile for years to come. In addition, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, I'll refer to them as the BPU recently concluded public hearings regarding PSE&G nuclear application to extend the zero-emission certificate. I think I'll shorten that to ZEC from now on through May 2025. Our service area experience milder than the normal weather during the fourth quarter, book ending the week heating season of the first quarter in 2020.
Dan Cregg: Terrific. Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, everybody. As Ralph said, PSE&G reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2020 of $0.65 per share. And we provided you with information on slides 12 and 14 regarding the contribution of non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the fourth quarter, and for the full year of 2020. Slide 13 and 15 contained waterfall charts that take you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, and non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. I'll now review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G's net income for the fourth quarter of 2020 increased by $0.04 to $0.58 per share, compared with net income of $0.54 per share for the fourth quarter of 2019 as shown on slide 17. For the full year PSE&G's net income increased by $0.16 per share, or 6.5% compared to 2019 results. This improvement reflects an 8% increase in rate base at year end 2020 to just over $22 billion, which as we note on slide 22 does not include approximately $1.8 billion of construction work in progress or see what that's mostly a transmission. The continued growth in utility earnings resulting from investments in transmission added $0.2 per share versus the fourth quarter of 2019. Gas margin was $0.02 favorable, reflecting GS&NT roll in and higher weather normalized volume. Electric margin was flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. As higher were the normalized volumes will offset by lower demand? Mild temperatures during the quarter had a negative $0.03 per share impact, mostly reflecting recovery limitations under the earnings test of the gas weather normalization clause. O&M expense was flat versus the fourth quarter 2019. Higher distribution depreciation expense of a $0.01 per share offset lower pension expense of a $0.01 per share in the quarter. Taxes and other were $0.03 per share favorable, partly reversing the negative $0.07 per share impact that the timing of taxes had on third quarter of 2020. Recall in the third quarter flow through taxes and other items lower net income by $0.07 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019. And we indicated at that time that about half of the $0.07 would reverse in the fourth quarter. The balance is related to bad debts which we anticipate reversing in the future based upon the timing of actual write-offs. Early winter weather in the fourth quarter as measured by the heating degree days was 9% milder than normal and 14% milder than in the fourth quarter of 2019. The full year PSE&G weather-normalized residential electric sales increased by 5.6% due to the COVID-19 work from home impact, but a larger decline in commercial sales resulted in total electric sales declining by 2%. Total weather-normalized gas sales were up 1.2% for 2020 by a 4.9% increase in residential use partially offset by a smaller decline in the commercial and industrial segment. For both electric and gas sales, higher residential uses largely offset declines in commercial and industrial sales, resulting in stable margins overall. PSE&G invested $700 million in the fourth quarter as part of its 2020 Capital Investment Program of approximately $2.7 billion directed to infrastructure upgrades of transmission and distribution facilities to maintain reliability, increase resiliency, make lifecycle replacements and clean energy investments. PSE&G updated five-year capital spending plan includes investing $2.7 billion in 2021. And as detailed on slide 21, approximately $960 million is allocated to transmission; $700 million to electric distribution, which includes approximately $200 million for Energy Strong Two, $875 million to gas distribution, which includes over $400 million for GSMP2 and $200 million for new clean energy future EV programs and the beginning of the AMI rollout. The clean energy future EV investment will ramp up to approximately $125 million in 2021 before reaching a full annual run rate of about $350 million in 2023. As Ralph mentioned the BPU approved two CF settlements in January, totaling approximately $875 million covering energy cloud and electric vehicle investments. The capital and operating costs of these programs will begin to be recovered in PSE&G next rate proceeding, expected to be filed in the second half of 2023. From the start of the programs until the commencement of new base rates estimated in late 2024, the return on other non-capital will be included for recovery in these rates as well as operating costs and stranded costs associated with retirement of the existing leaders. Of these amounts, the vast majority about 90% received contemporaneous or near contemporaneous regulatory treatment either through the first formula rate, or clause recovery mechanisms or recovered and rates as replacement spend or new business. As Ralph also mentioned, we continue settlement discussions with the BPU staff and re-counsel regarding our FERC transmission return on equity. Although our forecast for 2021 as soon as the resolution effective in the near term, those discussions remain confidential and ongoing. PSE&G net income for 2021 is forecasted at $1,410 million to $1,470 million which reflects an assumed reduction of our transmission formula rate, as well as incremental investment in EV infrastructure and energy efficiency. So moving to power, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.10 per share in the fourth quarter unchanged from the non-GAAP results in the fourth quarter of 2019. Results for the quarter brought Power's full year non-GAAP operating earnings to $430 million or $0.84 per share. Compared with 2019 non-GAAP results of $09 million or $0.81per share. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA total to $182 million for the quarter and $990 million for the full year of 2020. And this compares to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $198 million, and $1,035 million for the fourth quarter and full year 2019 respectively. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure, as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense. The earnings release and the waterfall on slide 13, and 15 provides you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on PSEG Power's non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and costs. We've also provided you with added detail on generation for the fourth quarter and full year on slide 26. PSEG Power's fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were aided by the scheduled increase in PSEG Power's average capacity prices in PJM, covering the second half of 2020 and higher gas operations, which resulted in improved non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons of $0.04 and $0.01 per share respectively, compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. However, lower generation output and re-contracting at lower market prices reduced non-GAAP operating earnings by a total of $0.08 per share versus the year ago quarter. The decline in O&M expenses in the quarter improve results by a $0.01 per share and reflects the absence of the Hope Creek refueling outage that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2019. The extension of the Peach Bottom Nuclear operating licenses contributed to lower depreciation expense of a $0.01 per share and lower taxes improve non-GAAP operating earnings by a $0.01 over the year ago quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was $32 a megawatt hour, a $1 per megawatt hour improvement over the fourth quarter of 2019, mainly reflecting the scheduled increase in capacity prices that began June 1, 2020 and remain in place through May of 2021. For the full year 2020 gross margin was flat at $32 per megawatt hour compared to full year 2019. Mild fall temperatures and holiday related spikes and COVID-19 positivity rates dampen market demand in New Jersey and kept our prices and natural gas prices lower than the quarter and year ago comparisons. So let's turn to Power's operations. Total output from Power's generating facilities declined 9% in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Unplanned outages at fossil and an extended outage at the sale of one nuclear unit reduced fourth quarter generation levels compared to the fourth quarter in 2019. However, full year 2020 output of 53 terawatt hours came in above our 50 to 52 terawatt hour forecast. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 78.9% in the quarter, and 90.3% for the full year, producing nearly 31 terawatt hours of zero carbon base load power. The combined cycle fleet operated an average capacity factor of 46.2% in the quarter, and 48.3% for the full year, generating approximately 22 terawatt hours in 2020. The three new combined cycle generating units, Keys, Sewaren and Bridgeport Harbor 5 posted an average capacity factor of over 75% for the full year 2020. And this coming June PSEG Power will complete the planned early retirement of the 383 megawatt coal fired Bridgeport Harbor 3 generating station, eliminating the last coal unit in power's fleet. For 2021, Power has hedged approximately 90% to 95% of its expected output of 48 to 50 terawatt hours, at an average price of $32 per megawatt hour, which represents an approximately $2 per megawatt hour decline from 2012. In addition 2021 average hedge prices no longer include cost-based transmission charges for New Jersey's basic generation service contracts due to a change in how they are billed and collected. This change further reduces revenues by approximately $3 per megawatt hour starting on February 1 of 2021. And is often on the cost side so there's no P&L impact as a result. We're forecasting 2021 non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA PSEG Power to be $280 million to $370 million and $850 million to $950 million, respectively. Power segment guidance reflects a full year of fossil and solar operations, lower expected generation volume and lower market prices, as well as the absence of a one-time tax benefit realized in 2020. Now, let me briefly address operating results from enterprise and other which reported a net loss that increased by $0.03 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. And reflects lower tax benefits compared with the fourth quarter of 2019 and lower results from KCG Long Island. Regarding PSEG Long Island, following several challenges related to our response to tropical storm Isaias. We've made significant improvements in our outage management to lessening business continuity and other systems and processes. The Long Island Power Authority filed a complaint against PSE&G Long Island in New York State court last December, alleging multiple breaches of the operating services agreement or OSA in connection with PSE&G Long Island's preparation and response to tropical storm Isaias. We are in discussions with LIPA to address their concerns, which could include potential amendments to our OSA with LIPA and to resolve all claims. As a reminder, our 12-year contract is scheduled to run through 2025. We are committed to addressing the identified performance issues and to continue our strong track record of performance for Long Island customers since taking over operations. For 2021, PSEG Enterprise and other are forecasted to have a net loss of $15 million as parent financing and other costs exceed earnings from PSEG volume. PSEG ended 2020 with approximately $3.8 billion of available liquidity, including cash on hand of $543 million, and debt representing 52% of our consolidated capital. In December PSEG issued $96 million of 8.63% senior notes due April 2031, in exchange for like amount of 8.63% senior notes due April 2031, originally issued at Power, which were cancelled following the completion of the exchange. PSEG also retired a $700 million term loan at maturity. Power's debt as a percentage of capital declined to 27% on December 31 from 28%, at September 30. To summarize non-GAAP results for the quarter was $0.65 per share; full year non-GAAP operating earnings were $3.43 per share. And as we move into 2021, our guidance for the year is $3.35 to $3.55 per share, with regulated operations expected to contribute over 80% of consolidated results, arranged for 2021 reflects incremental investment in our T&D infrastructure, and a ramp up of a new clean energy future programs, as well as an assumed reduction return on equity of our transmission formula rate during the year at PSE&G. And a full year of fossil and solar operations at PSEG family. PSE&G also raised its common dividend by $0.08 per share for the indicative annual level of $2.04, a 4% increase over 2020. The 2021 indicative rate continues to represent a conservative 59% payout of consolidated earnings at the midpoint of 2021 guidance and utility earnings alone are expected to cover 140% of the dividend at the midpoint of 2021 guidance. We still expect our strong cash flow will enable us to fully fund PSE&G's five year $14 million to $16 billion capital investment program, as well as our plan to offer when investment during the 2021 to 2025 period without the need to issue new equity. That concludes my comments. And Shelby we're now ready to take questions.
Operator:  Your first question is from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
JeremyTonet: Hi, good morning. I'm just wanted to start off with the Power by sales if I could, if there's any additional color that might be possible, including maybe the relative progress of solar versus the wind assets they're in, if the events in Texas last week have any impacts on the process overall.
RalphIzzo: So I'll handle it because Dan will be too modest when Dan laid out for the board in July. But this process would look like in terms of participants timing, expected outcomes. I knew he'd done good work in terms of assessing it and coming up with some predictions. But I got to tell you, he's nailed every element of it. So the process is going exactly as planned. Our near-death experience in January of 2014 with our own polar vortex really has winterized these assets in a way that I'm sure Texas will now follow suit with. So no, Texas has not had any impact on us. I don't apologize for not being able to give more information, we will give greater clarity sometime in the summer, I'm sure as we get past the round two bids but so far, no surprises, the process is going well. And our assets are fully winterized as a result of the 2014 polar vortex we experience.
JeremyTonet: Got it, that makes sense. Maybe just kind of flipping over to the transmission ROE and just what time expectations per transmission ROE reduction are incorporated into your 2021 guide here? And should we assume any changes on a prospective basis versus having a retroactive impact as well?
RalphIzzo: Yes. The second question, when I can give greater specificity on, yes, it would only be prospective. Typically, when something is filed in FERC, notwithstanding the time lapse to the actual decision, the tariff adjustments go to the filing date and not sooner. So yes, it would be prospective as you can appreciate, just given the nature of the negotiation that we're involved in, we really can't disclose what we've assumed in terms of the guidance. But that shouldn't be a big surprise. I mean, we don't break out the guidance in terms of individual components, whether it's weather or outage durations of plants and things of that nature. So we are where we were for a while now, we're close, both sides are eager to resolve this. But in deference to the BPU, they've had an incredibly active agenda for the better part of two years. And they are dealing with the same challenges everyone else's in terms of working from home. And despite that they've successfully done one offshore wind solicitation and in the middle of the second one. They've done stakeholder prophecies to  energy efficiency, so they're getting a lot done. And this ROE discussion is part of that - is part of the portfolio activities, but not resolved yet.
JeremyTonet: Got it, fair enough. Figured I'd give it a try. Thank you.
RalphIzzo: You won't be the first; you won't be the last I am sorry. You were the first.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Smith of Bank of America.
JulienSmith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time and the opportunity. So what intriguing in your slides, you talked about potential investments in offshore wind here as well. Can you talk about; obviously, this is dynamic, and certainly evolving from quarter-over-quarter. Can you talk about your latest expectations on offshore and how they could fit into your capital budgeting process and earnings all together as best you see to date between expanding ownerships and potential new leases, et cetera?
RalphIzzo: So, just a high level, Julien, I'm sure you're aware that there's an ongoing solicitation in Maryland. There's a second round in New Jersey, we have not fully developed our jointly owned Garden State Offshore Energy site jointly owned with Ørsted down off of the coast of Cape May. So there have been 29,000, I think, megawatts of hopes and dreams announced by states up and down the East Coast and 9,000 megawatts of awards granted. So even if we were to just focus in the Mid-Atlantic region, going from Maryland to Delaware to New Jersey, there are ample opportunities. And as I said, a moment ago, we still have leasehold that's not fully developed. So I don't think we've set it any more specific than that right, Dan. So we'll just probably leave that there.
JulienSmith: But maybe if I can ask you to put parameters or how you think about this business, maybe either be more palatable, right? For instance, how do you think about return metrics? And palatability obviously, we see some data points out there, and the Americas and Europe of late and separately, you have any thoughts about what percent ownership in a given project, et cetera, what size it should be relative to the business, anything that you're thinking about to help size it out? And even at the minimum or how you think about the return palatability, if you will?
RalphIzzo: Yes, I mean so first of all, I think is that we don't view ourselves as the lead developer, we do this in partnership with others. And we have an option for 25% on ocean land, and we have entertained, possibly going as high as 60% previously on this project, there is likely to be a transmission solicitation that will be managed by PJM on behalf of New Jersey, that we feel very confident that we could do something of that sort without necessarily needing partners although we will be welcomed to partnerships in that regard too. I think at the end of the day, our number one growth engine remains rate base growth and PSE&G. Having said that, there's a window of opportunity here as states aggressively pursue offshore wind, and we don't - have ourselves excluded from that. The commercial risk is completely mitigated by the PPA or the orders. And the operational risk is mitigated by making sure you partner with a world class partner. And we think we have that in Ørsted. So the risk profile is something that we're now comfortable with. It took us the better part of I guess it was close to two years of us kind of inching along, and we're very grateful for Ørsted's patience. But on the transmission side, I think the risk reward and we're very comfortable with, we always were and on the wind farm side, having the right partner mitigates that. We've never disclosed what our hurdle rates are, but suffice to say we, even though I think we can manage the risk, both the commercial and the operational risk, as I just mentioned, we wouldn't do these projects alone and we would only do these projects for about utility returns.
DanCregg: Actually I know think about too is if they come about solicitation by solicitation. So as far as what the ultimate end game is going to be, it gets determined in those bite sized chunks as we work our way through both New Jersey, Maryland and transmission opportunity that Ralph talks about, so that will be the manner in which we will come to what the ultimate outcome is.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
MichaelLapides: Hey, Ralph, thank you for taking my question. One on the utility just looking out at the CapEx guidance. I want to make sure I understand something, I'm looking out at this and it basically has transmission spins falling off a cliff. Meaning spending levels year by year. Just curious, when you think about the type of things that may backfill it to maybe where it doesn't fall off as much in years, three to five? What are the types of things-- what are the type of opportunities that your engineering teams are looking at?
RalphIzzo: Yes, a couple things that happened, Michael is that even though the numbers look like they're coming down in years, four and five, as we get closer to that point in time, we learn more, and that very spend comes back up. So one thing you could see is just more of the same, you're not going to see us thus plan rose one mega project at least that's not readily predictable. But you could see more of the 69 kV upgrade and just the transmission budget coming up, as we get more knowledgeable about what the good status is. I think one of the areas though, that we are increasingly paying attention to and it's difficult to quantify is as a result of the pandemic, I believe long term patterns, lifestyle titles are going to change. I know a PSEG, were already telling our employees that many more than we'll be able to work from home. The combination of the household becoming now a place of business and greater penetration of electric vehicles, which are charged at the household. And the growth of electric devices in the home, whether it's smart devices, communication devices, is really changing the whole calculus behind the importance of reliability into the home. So I'm right now in the office with Dan and Carlotta, and we've got multiple 26 kV feeds into this building. Because Newark is a commercial center for New Jersey. That's true in New Brunswick, and many other downtown commercial areas of New Jersey. That's not true in my hall. And it's not true anybody's hall New Jersey, so the need to invest in the last mile to reflect the reliability expectations, as the home becomes a commercial center. And really a bunch of small business operations is a public policy discussion that I think is just beginning to take place. And there's no way reflected in our numbers. So I'd say you'll see those numbers come up in the future, they always come up in the future, either, because we'll just get smarter about the traditional stuff we need to do. Or there's this whole last mile question that we'll need to grapple.
MichaelLapides: Got it. And then my question is this a little bit of maybe one for Dan, in the rate based by your exhibit, one of the footnotes talks about the billion a day and you brought it up the billion eight of transmission that is construction work in progress. Can you remind me you earn on that quip you just don't necessarily earn a cash return even that prompt here?
DanCregg: Yes, we aren't on equipment, frankly. Michael, the reason that it really is in there is from the concept of when folks have done the calculation and tried to figure out whether or not there was over earning going on. The people sometimes would miss the equip component. And so all we really tried to do was lay that out so that people were aware.
MichaelLapides: But if I think about the true earnings power of the business meaning of transmission rate base, I would actually add that on top of the fact bars.
DanCregg: Yes, right. Exactly.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
SteveFleishman: Hey, good morning. Hey, guys. So just a question on the 80% to 90% from PSE&G that you highlighted Ralph. So that's a little bit less than I would have thought after selling these fossil assets. And I know you mentioned offshore wind, but that's not for a while. So could you just give us is it more like 90% once the sale is done and before the offshore wind? And then it kind of comes down again, some or how should I think about that range?
RalphIzzo: Yes, so listen building blocks that I'm sure you're aware of it, Steve, right, so the foundation, the house, the roof, everything, but maybe the unnecessary furniture is the utility. And that's got a rate base CAGR of 6.5% to 8%. And that'll do a little worse, because of O&M are a little better because the load growth. But as you know, both those numbers have hovered around zero. And they'll be some regulatory lag, maybe in some of the final years as clause mechanisms have some non clause recovery back into them. But that's utility is what 80% this year close to that, and continue to grow. Then this year, we're still including all fossil that'll go away. But hopefully, New Jersey will abide by their own energy master plan, and nuclear will still be around. So that'll be on top of the utility. You may recall our BGSS that sticks around that's on top of the utility. Long Island notwithstanding, you saw its challenges worse and we will stick around. That's why I'm talking truly. And then yes, we're making some assumptions in year 2024, mostly 2025, on Ocean Wind. So those are making up the other 10% to 20%. And I'd rather not narrow that and I certainly don't want to give it to you by year, I do want to remind you that we are very much interested in willing after the, if we sell the fossil units or when we sell the fossil units, once this process is over, going to revisit the notion of multiple year earnings guidance and investor meeting where we kind of recalibrate everyone and try to provide greater clarity of what the company looks like with those different components. But right now we're in the middle of a competitive solicitation for the assets in the middle of the ZEC negotiation and ROE negotiation that's what I can give for you so.
SteveFleishman: Okay. And then one other question just on nuclear, if I heard you right, I think you reiterated that you would shut the nuclear plants. But I think you said if the ZEC is anything but the $10 it currently is given the market prices are even lower. Is that correct or?
RalphIzzo: That was correct, Steve. We value our corporate citizenship in the state. And I think we've shown over the past few months, how important it is to follow the BPU's leadership in terms of its clean energy aspirations and Governor Murphy's aspirations, we've had some very constructive outcomes because we have followed their lead on energy efficiency, on AMI, on electric vehicles. Having said that, the nuclear plants need more than $10. And what we've said is we'll look at longer term solutions for that and hopefully coming out of the federal government with a price on carbon. Hopefully, if that doesn't work coming out of the FRR process. And that's the only reason. And the only reason why we would accept $10 now is because that's what the state can do. So that's really not a negotiation, that's just kind of a match the state has available to it. That's why we need it. And we need more than that. So that's kind of where we start, right? If you need more than $10, you can't accept less than $10. And whenever the party can only offer you $10, then that Venn diagram ends up at one point and only one point, which is $10. But that does not preclude the need for additional work after that. And at the risk of stating the obvious if you don't get the $10 then what confidence can you possibly have, that the longer-term solution can be realized, and that's why we would shut the unit. So I guess I could have simply said yes to you but I gave you maybe wife's explanation over that.
Operator: Your next question is from David Akira of Morgan Stanley.
DavidAkira: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was going to ask a basically a follow up on that last line of thinking with the new FERC in place, do you think there is chance that New Jersey doesn't end up pursuing FRR if it sees a new path ahead for morpher and how do you think about your strategy with a nuclear plant if that were to happen?
RalphIzzo: So I mean the short answer is anything is possible, right? And I think what New Jersey's goal is at least what we've encouraged New Jersey to set as its goal. And it wasn't because we any better insights than the state already did are to not pay twice the capacity. And under the current construct, without question, offshore wind will not clear the market. At some point in the future, it's likely nuclear won't clear the market; I'm referring to the capacity market. And solar certainly won't clear the capacity market. So as New Jersey grows its carbon free footprint and even its existing carbon free footprint from nuclear, you'd have increasing double payments for capacity, and it is about $25 million to $30 million per gigawatts that you end up paying. So that starts adding up very quickly. Now, if you went to a unit specific FRR, which is something that we were supportive of, during the original capacity market discussions, if PJM could come up with some sort of stakeholder process that has a reasonable price on carbon, there's a whole bunch of ifs and no, bore you with the litany of them, because they're all equally improbable, then yes, maybe the state can do something differently than simple, broad based FRR. But at the end of the day, the mechanism has to be one that avoids the customer a burden of paying twice for capacity that truly would be outcome.
DanCregg: And David, to some degree, it also comes down to timing. So as things stand today, you do have that double payment issue that Ralph talked about. And so your question is, if something changes at work with something changed in New Jersey, and so part of it comes down to how quickly might you see something change at work? And where would New Jersey be in their process, and these things tend to not happen extremely quickly. So against that backdrop, you do start to have that double payment Ralph talked about in 2025. So it's a bit of unnecessarily raise but it's two timelines coming to that year's capacity determination with respect to how quickly FERC can move, and what New Jersey's reaction would be to whatever it is they do and how much of a solution it is to the double payment problem. So those are some of the things to think about with respect to how the parties might be approaching that change from the 
DavidAkira: Got it, that's helpful color. And just in terms of how that influences your strategic thinking around the nuclear plant, it sounds - is it fair to say, if you do get a $10 ZEC, you still think there's more that would be needed for the nuclear plants to provide longer term clarity beyond just getting that though?
RalphIzzo: Yes, chipping become obvious since the passage of the law 2018, how markets continued to decline is more so than we expected them to. That's only going to get worse as more zero marginal cost renewables are introduced to the market. And we're in a market that dispatches on marginal costs. And nuclear plants rely on those infra marginal revenues to make their economics work. And that dispatch curve is getting flatter and lower each passing year. Secondly, the state has very ambitious carbon free energy goals which are great, which we completely applaud. But they're so ambitious that they exceed the current licensed life of the nuclear plants. And you're not going to go into re-licensing, and you're not going to make capital improvements on the basis of the three-year ZEC process, even if it was adequately compensated, which it isn't. So the two problems with ZEC law are the overall dollar amount and the duration of the review process. So and we've sworn that over the past few years, if the market continues to implode on itself, so for nuclear plants, our fossil does right, they're running 70 plus percent of the time and Dan said they're enjoying nice spark spreads and they're working beautifully. So yes, longtime nuclear questions and equalization, but there are multiple pathways to get there.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Fremont of Mizuho.
PaulFremont: Hey, how are you? Just a quick question on the hedging. There were, I think some other adjustments that were originally in your hedge calculations, like some renewable programs and maybe ancillary charges. Are those eliminated as well for now? Should there be sort of no adjustment whatsoever to the $32 number that you're providing?
DanCregg: No, think about the opposite way, Paul, the single change is the Delta with respect to transmission charges.
PaulFremont: So you would continue to add the other charges into your number?
DanCregg: Yes, or stated another way, not try to back out those pieces as a revenue-oriented number, we've stripped out capacity as a separate item. And now, since transmission is not in the revenue, it will not be in the revenue.
PaulFremont: Okay. And then the other question I have is you have a 25% option, obviously, on Ocean Wind, if you were to go to a higher level, would that just be a separate negotiation that you would need to have with Ørsted or are there any contractual rights that you have to go higher?
RalphIzzo: We have to get there, Paul, yes.
PaulFremont: Okay, and then the last. If I take your comments, you guys don't want to be sort of a majority project. So the limit of where you would be is roughly 50% or less?
RalphIzzo: That's correct.
Ralph Izzo: So I think we're at the appointed hour. Thank you all for joining us. Just by way of recap. The rate base grows with the utility as it has for the past decade and plus continues to drive the EPS growth at PSE&G, all the while, doing things that are vitally important to customers. And we continue to project now a 6.5% to 8% CAGR in that rate base over the next five years, doing things that are really driven by state policy leadership and an aging infrastructure that has to attract our attention to meet the need of customers. I think an add is a positive outcome from what has occurred last year is this consolation incentive program providing much greater even greater stability to utility revenues. The positive constructive outcomes we've had with the BPU, again, at the risk of repeating myself, by virtue of us following their lead on energy master plan and public policies, accomplishments that they had targeted, have all just made for a terrific, terrific set of outcomes. Yes, we do have an ROE and negotiation and A ZEC application that is in front of the BPU. Resolution to those two items will introduce a prolonged period of regulatory comm and significant execution of these great programs that we've gone through before. We will give you a greater clarification on the strategic alternatives in a couple of months. But I said a moment ago, I couldn't be happier with the fact that it's met every one of our expectations so far, and I think it will continue to do so. I would be remiss if I didn't close my remarks that I have, sadly, for each of the last three quarters by expressing my thanks to all of you who have family members or loved ones who are frontline workers and what is an improving situation to support a tragic situation related to COVID-19. I know that it's got to be a tremendous burden on you and your families, but please, from our family at PSEG a sincere thank you to anyone who knows is engaged in that. Otherwise, we look forward to seeing you albeit as pixels over the next few weeks. I know the budget conferences coming up and maybe in the not-too-distant future. Seeing you live into the flesh. Thank you. Have a great day everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Sylvia and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, October 30, 2020 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 P.M. Eastern Time today until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time on November 5, 2020. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's third quarter 2020 earnings release attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA which differ from net income as reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings materials. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta and thank you all for joining us this morning. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2020 of $0.96 per share versus $0.98 per share in last year's third quarter. PSEG's GAAP results for the third quarter were $1.14 per share compared with $0.79 per share in the third quarter 2019. Our results for the third quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the year-to-date to $2.78 per share, up 5.3% compared to the $2.64 per share in the first months of 2019. This performance reflects the strong contribution from our regulated operations at PSE&G, cost controls at both the utility and PSEG Power. Lower pension expense and the favorable settlement of tax audits I mentioned last quarter. We delivered a solid quarter of PSE&G and PSEG Power. We’re updating PSEG’s non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for 2020 to the range of $3.35 to $3.50 per share, which removed $0.05 per share from the lower end of our original guidance range. Last month the New Jersey Board of Public Utility, I’ll refer them to as the BPU approved the settlement as the energy efficiency component of our clean energy future filing. As you know, we proposed a comprehensive filing covering energy efficiency, energy cloud to analytic vehicles in storage in October of 2018 to help deliver on the goals of New Jersey’s clean energy act. The VP is in decision on energy efficiency will enable PSE&G to invest $1 billion over three years to help bring universal access to energy efficiency for all New Jersey customers. These programs will lower customer bills, shrink the carbon footprint and give them control over their energy resources.
Dan Cregg: Great. Thank you Ralph and good morning everybody. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2020 of $0.96 per share versus $0.98 per share in last year's third quarter. We provided you with information on slide 9 regarding contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter and slide 10 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter over quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business and I will now review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $0.61 per share for the third quarter of 2020 compared with net income of $0.68 per share for the third quarter of 2019 as shown on slide 14. The utility's third quarter results reflected ongoing growth from our investment programs offset by certain items largely reflecting tax adjustments that are timing in nature. For the year-to-date period PSE&G results are on track to achieve our full year guidance driven by revenue growth from ongoing capital investment programs, lower pension expense and cost control. Investment and transmission adding $0.04 per share to third quarter net income. Electric margin was a penny per share favorable compared to the year earlier quarter driven by higher weather normalized residential volumes mostly offset by lower commercial and industrial demand. Summer 2020 weather was a penny per share ahead of weather experience in the third quarter of 2019. O&M expense was $0.03 unfavorable versus the third quarter of 2019 primarily reflecting our internal labor costs from tropical storm Isaias and timing of certain maintenance activities partly offset by the reversal of certain COVID-19 related costs recognized in prior quarters. In July the BPU authorized PSE&G to defer certain expenses incurred because of the COVID-19 pandemic. To reflect that order PSE&G deferred certain COVID-19 related O&M and gas bad debt expense previously recorded and established a corresponding regulatory asset of approximately $0.05 for future recovery. Largely offsetting this timing item PSE&G reversed a $0.04 accrual of revenue under the weather normalization clause for collection of lower gas margins resulting from warmer than normal winter earlier in the year due to recovery limitations under that clause's earnings test. Distribution related depreciation lower net income by a penny per share and non-operating pension expense was a penny per share favorable compared with last year's third quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  Your first question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. 
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with offshore wind if that's okay and just want to see as the recent or said commentary on seeing delays on some of their U.S. based onshore projects influence your thinking and your involvement here and do you have any thoughts on some of the feedback course that's received in New Jersey some negative feedback recently?
Ralph Izzo: So I think Jeremy that given the fact that this is an industry in its infancy candidly all of us expected there to be regulatory delays and the issue that I think you're referring to in the state of New Jersey was just over the extent to which offshore wind would help grow the economy and something as new as this the expectations for job growth versus the delivery of job growth and the pace of which is happening are not in complete alignment. But the direction is completely aligned. So the state remains committed to growing the industry. First it remains committed to supporting its project with the hiring practices that it put forth in its solicitation and I think it's just a case of people needing to talk to each other more often about how much and how fast but there is no dispute over what direction it's going.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. So it sounds like this wouldn't influence your appetite for participating in future rounds of bids for offshore when like the one that's expected too? 
Ralph Izzo: No. That's correct. We've maintained that if we assume the 25% equity position we would only do so with the expectation of participating in future solicitation. We would not be particularly interested in knowing just the one-off project. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood and just as switching gears here do you have any thoughts on the delayed BPU FRR evaluation here and do you have any thoughts on what some of the drivers of the delay could be and do you have any sense on how the FRR study could impact your ZEC application? 
Ralph Izzo: Well yes, this is I want to make sure everyone hears this clearly and quotes me and gets this back to the BPU I have to commend the BPU on the schedule they've maintained in what has been a very ambitious agenda. I mean when you think about all they've accomplished getting the first offshore  complete getting the second one out the door initiating the analysis of the FRR, really the critical period for New Jersey is that when the offshore wind projects go commercial in 2024 and that will be all one thousand megawatts that'll be a fraction of that to not have to pay twice for capacity. That PJM capacity auction is not likely to take place until at best late in 2021 probably in 2022. So to my knowledge the BPU process is really on the schedule that the staff laid out that sometimes the end of this year early next year they'll get their consultants report out and then they'll consider whether they need legislation. We don't think that they do but it depends on the design. So I'd say Jeremy that they're in pretty good shape to avoid this double capacity payment by the 2024 auction at this point. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That is very helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning team. thanks or the time. Appreciate it. Hey good morning and thanks for the clarity there a second ago. Crystal clear. So I wanted to come back to this though how are you thinking about strategic decisions on the nuclear business as a sense today and I'd be curious if a sale or spin would be something that you would all would be amenable to and I'm sure you all are familiar with some of the media reports out there so just want to get ahead of that and try to see if that's a part of your considerations one way or another?
Ralph Izzo: So Julien, there were two reasons why we opted to simply focus on our non-nuclear assets. Number one was to further solidify what we believe to be a strong ESG position and secondly as you know we are in the process as Dan and I just discussed the filing for round two of the ZEC process and we didn't think it was fair to New Jersey or the BPU to undertake ZEC process and not know who the eventual owners of nuclear might be. So we're more than happy to own and operate nuclear plants if they are meeting the state's energy needs, if they are marching the state towards its carbon aspirations and this is a critical and third condition they are economically viable and those plants are not economically viable without the ZEC and in fact I can't go into details because the financials that we submitted are confidential but they actually are need of more than $10 dollars per megawatt hour. We were willing to operate them at $10 megawatt hour because we do think that the direction of public policy both in New Jersey and in the nation is the increased recognition of the importance of carbon-free energy to mitigate climate change and that value will eventually be more fully recognized. So in the absence of that payment then we wouldn't be able to operate those plans and that's an old story. That's been going on for at least three or four years now. I'm not familiar with any media reports you're referring to so I'm not going to be able to comment on that but I'm sure that there will be a constant attention to this regulatory process.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. That's clear enough and just in terms of the disclosures that you're providing to the BPU there is obviously been a lot of discussion about transparency in the need for nuclear support across a variety of states. I'm sure you're aware. Can you talk about how this go around might differ from the last initial request for ZEC especially from a disclosure perspective and I understand it may not necessarily all be public either but I'm just curious if you can elaborate a little bit.
Ralph Izzo: Well, so as you know there's two main differences in round two versus round one and then I'll turn it over to Dan for a second. In round two we have the ability of the BPU to set a number between zero and ten whereas in round one it was either zero or ten. Also in round two there's a much more transparent public process that we think is great for everyone. There'll be a preliminary decision in December followed by evidentiary hearings response to the preliminary decision and the final decision in April. So I think that that's great because look those plants are necessary as we pointed out they save consumers almost $200 million a year 175 million a year over 10 years they eliminate 13 million tons of carbon a year. They provide employment for 1600 PSEG employees 5,000 employees in general but the reality is at the current advantages enjoyed by natural gas in the absence of a price on carbon and at the subsidized levels for renewables which are far above the cost of nuclear they're under tremendous economic disadvantages and you don't have to do a very sophisticated analysis. NEI published what the average cost is of operating a nuclear plant and it's about $30 per megawatt-hour and in fact if you look at what round-the-clock prices are doing and head capacity to it it's around $30 megawatt-hours. So unless you think that companies should invest over a billion dollars a year for zero return those plants are not reliable. And then of course the last attribute in addition to their carbon free energy is they are baseload workforces and despite our enthusiasm for wind and solar mother nature doesn't answer to us and the dispatch ability of those resources we all know screams for the need for battery storage or some storage mechanism and that just adds additional economic pain to customers above and beyond what they're already experiencing. So nuclear is a good slam dunk winner and I'm sure the regulatory process will bear that out. 
Dan Cregg: Yes Julien, I think Ralph said everything I would have said about it and just the about the process and how everything runs and the only other thing I would add is just as we go into this process we're in a more challenging price environment. So things have from the standpoint of the environment that the facilities are in from a market environment you've got to continue declining forward prices and incremental zero cost energy that's coming online. So it is more challenging economically than it's been in the past. So we'll go through the process that Ralph described in the next six months or so. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Excellent. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from  from Guggenheim Partners. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning. It's actually  stepping in. Thanks for the very comprehensive update and just wanted to kind of follow up on some of your thinking on the infrastructure programs and kind of the clean energy future programs just interpretive kind of longevity at the current CapEx levels how would those kind of programs help New Jersey reach the broader policy goal in the same line of thinking kind of how long the runway is going to speak for the infrastructure programs like the VSMP and so forth. 
Ralph Izzo: Good questions. Two are related but slightly different answers. On the kind of traditional infrastructure programs remember what we're doing there is we're not building new infrastructure to meet new demand which was the primary thesis for utilities for many, many decades in the better part of the entire 20th century. In our case we're having to replace an aging infrastructure not because of a growth in demand but because of a variety of factors including increased reliance upon electricity for our way of life and more extreme weather conditions driven by what we believe to be climate change others may choose that other beliefs. So that aging infrastructure replacement program is essentially perpetual because we cannot replace that aging infrastructure in just a few short years. It would just be prohibitively expensive. So you get in this position where as it was the case for our gas system modernization program even at the $400 million a year that we're currently spending we have another 20 years worth of work to do then and since we started that program 10 years ago we will then have our newest pipe be 30 years old and some of the pipe that's currently 50 years old will be 70 years old by that point and the same can be said about our transmission system and our substations. As you probably know we haven't even touched the last mile of our electric system. We have done this double digit or near double digit growth rate in our regulated utility focused primarily on cast iron gas main transmission and electric substations and now with the increased dependence of residential customers on reliability which we think will have a post-COVID permanency to it. We do things that increase reliability to the home that last mile is going to become increasingly important. So there is interest in New Jersey around helping the state recover from its current economic downturn by accelerating some of that infrastructure replacement work and doing more in the way of kind of stimulus activities because it is essential work. That could lead us to perhaps deviating at least in the short term from what is the one and only controlling limitation to the amount of investment that's required and that's the impact on the customer bill. As you may be aware we have steadfastly tried to pace ourselves so that our clause recovery and our formula rate treatment at FERC plus recovering the state now formula rate treatment at FERC allows us to make this infrastructure replacement yet allow the bill to kind of move up that CPI. A bill that by the way is 30% below where it was 10 years ago in nominal terms and 40% below where it was 10 years ago in real terms. So stimulus might allow us to break that rule a little bit and just recognizing that if you take customers utility bills from 3% of the disposable income to 3.06% of their disposable income that's a price worth paying to put people to work and make some major infrastructure improvements. Separate and apart from that though is the question you asked about the clean energy future and that's a different set of circumstances right. In our case where we're choosing focus is on energy efficiency which I call the quadruple winner. It is 8 million less tons of carbon emitted into the atmosphere so the environment loves it. There is lower bills for customers who participate and in fact there's a net savings to the whole customer base of $1 billion. So customers are smiling. There is over 4,000 jobs that we think we can create so the economy smiles and our shareholders are getting a 9.6% ROE with contemporaneous return on the investment and it's really it's just a phenomenal investment opportunity and opens up a whole new definition of rate base for us one that I am firmly convinced the state will be eager to continue beyond the three years of the program. In fact if you look at the $1 billion three-year grant that a lot of approval we received that's actually a faster run rate in the initial period than the 2.5 billion six-year program that we had originally proposed. Now that for the state's aspiration for other clean technologies such as offshore wind and solar that is a different story. That is far more expensive and that will have to rely upon the price curve coming down and technology bending that price down and the state pacing is appetite for that so as to not overburden the consumer but in terms of the areas that we're involved with I have a high degree of confidence that there's very strong support for continuing those. Sorry for the long answer.
Unidentified Analyst: That's definitely well appreciated. Jumping again to follow up a little bit on kind of the fossil asset sales kind of process and some of the thoughts around it I mean it's obviously a pretty good set of assets in the market and there's kind of the equity part of the price tag is definitely going to be sidewall just kind of given the fact that there's not much leverage on the business. Curious to get some of your thoughts on like capital recycling and kind of what the priority would be for reinvestment buybacks and kind of how to keep it all efficient. 
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So it's a great question and you're right if you take a look at power it is not very heavily levered. There is about $2.4 billion right now debt outstanding and by the time we get to the end of a potential transaction you would see about a billion that would be redeemed at that point. So about a billion four and agree your commentary if you think about the quality of the assets that we're talking about that would provide some more than sufficient capital one would think to take care of that debt. So yes you would think about the repayment of that debt mean first and foremost you would think about having excess capital and I would say really general corporate purposes is what is normally conveyed and I think that's the right conveyance here. I think that we've talked about an existing capital program that's in place. We talked about the potential for some incremental capital identification. We have always gone through our five-year plan with a declining capital forecast and by the time we get to the end of that five years there's other opportunities that we've seen on the other side and whether some of that could be something from a stimulus perspective coming out of this economic impacts that we've seen from COVID this is to be seen. So I think the continued deployment of capital into the utility is the first place that we would look to and then to the extent there's excess we would weigh that against incremental potential opportunities for capital as well as some kind of a return to the extent that those opportunities didn't exist from it could be dividends could be buybacks so not out of the question but certainly not first and foremost on the list. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning team. Thank you for taking my question. Ralph can I just go back to the -- I want to understand, make sure I understand the conservation efficiency program. What is the Intel? Does that protect you from going forward from like lost revenues from storms whether something like COVID? Can you just talk through that and then second like is this a pilot program where you have to make a filing every other year or things like that or this basically a permanent thing at this point? 
Ralph Izzo: Well, Dan will answer the question about how often to make the filing but I do know that whenever we file we get we don't suffer any lag associated with that but I forget it for six or twelve months. What I was referring to and hopefully I'm answering your question if not just nudge me back in the right direction is look the city of New York as an example we have a dual 26KV distribution loops into the city because we have commercial centers that have thousands of employees who come here every day and expect the lights to be on, the air conditioning to run and the computer systems to operate. They are not here now. There is four of us in the office today and most of our employees are working from home. Well the level of reliability they have in their homes is quite different than the level of reliability that we have feeding this building and it's not because it's the PSEG building that's just typical of businesses in New York area. So if now the home is going to become the place where not only you eat and sleep but you work, you fill up your gas tank so to speak. You energize your vehicle. You charge all of your information tools; your phone, your computers that grid is not prepared to deliver the kind of reliability that people will expect when another Isaias hits or another super storm Sandy or just the typical northeast thunderstorm. So the investment in the last mile what I'm talking about there is the overhead system will need to be made if the economy is not to come to a grinding halt during your fairly routine storm events that we have nowadays and I'm not calling Sandy a routine event but as we've seen in some parts of the country whether it's what's going on in the gulf or what we have had in the past in the northeast we are getting more intense weather events and you can't have people who just stop work for three to five days if they have that weather event when they're working from home. So that's what I was referring to and I think policymakers are really plugging into that. Now we will benefit from AMI and our ability to identify outages at the individual customer location and regrettably New Jersey does not have that capability now but I do believe our BPU commissioners understand the importance of that and I'm hopeful and optimistic we can resolve that in just a few short months but Dan did you want to talk a little bit about how we file for the same? 
Dan Cregg: Yes. So if you think about what New Jersey is trying to get at from an energy efficiency program standpoint it is a step change from where we have been historically and I think it will it literally will catapult the state to among the best in the country with respect to energy efficiency programs and so if you think about a program of that magnitude it's important from the utility perspective as it pursues that that there is some kind of a form of lost revenue recovery and that's what was in the filing has been a topic of the discussion that we have gone through as we've gone through the process and where we ended up was really borrowing from something that the gas utilities largely had in place historically and that's the CIP, the conservation center program. So it is we talked about a little bit in our prepared remarks it is an annual filing it would begin into 2021 if you think about let the program get up and running as we implement the lost revenue recovery for the program that we're talking about and so it would start June for the electric side of the business and October for the gas side of the business you think about the seasonality of those businesses it's a very logical way to do it and it will be an annual filing. It is not a lag oriented filing. Basically it's going to cover the changes from the baseline year that you have I think the way to think about that is the last ray case from the usage perspective and will essentially be put in place to be able to recover the shortfalls or provide the excess back to basically bring back to a more stable rather than stream. So I think it's a great solution for the challenge that would come about by virtue of loss revenues through an energy efficiency program. So I think we ended up in a very good place there.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks there Dan. I just want to be clear does that only cover loss revenues from efficiency programs or does it cover loss revenues from weather related changes or perhaps loss revenues from storms and other events? 
Dan Cregg: Yes it is more broad than the energy efficiency. So it's going to cover broader loss revenues in fact if you think about our gas, weather normalization clause that will essentially be suspended against the backdrop of this. This will kind of supersede that. It's broader. 
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. That's super constructive. Then maybe just a quick follow-up on the fossil transactions. Does the and I appreciate you launched the process here last quarter knowing the elections around the corner but does the potential tax rate change impact you're thinking at all does it matter for that transaction for the non-nuclear potential sale transaction? 
Dan Cregg: Yes I mean look obviously it will have an impact on the dollars that flow out of what happens but it will not change the bottom line intent and nature of where we are headed. I think that's the simplest way to say. 
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks guys. I appreciate the time. 
Ralph Izzo: Absolutely. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from  from Morgan Stanley. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my question. 
Ralph Izzo: Hi David. 
Unidentified Analyst: Could you give an update a status update on the transmission are we discussion that's going on with the BPU? 
Ralph Izzo: Yes. David unfortunately can't say much more than what we did in our initial remarks because they are confidential. I do think that there is still a lot of good will and good intent on the part of all parties. So it's a three-person conversation. It's us, the BPU and the consumer advocate, the ratepayer advocate and clearly what motivates our colleagues in the BPU and the ratepayer advocate is providing immediate relief to New Jersey consumers in the form of lower rates in particular exacerbated by COVID-19 challenges. What motivates us is removing some uncertainty over where things could end up if we went to FERC but and we've closed a significant difference in points of view from when we first started talking but there still is a small gap between us. Whether or not we can resolve that I really do I remain hopeful but I can't say for sure that we will. So we're still talking to each other and I think that's a positive thing and the gap is small that's a positive thing but it's not done and I don't want to violate the confidentiality of it by saying anymore.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thanks for that update and I was just curious if you could touch on the gas utility side of the business your thoughts in the long term maybe vision for that business and how you're thinking about it in the context of on your side taking an EG step in the sale of some of the merchant assets and then also in the context of the state moving aggressively over time to reduce its gas consumption. 
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So this is one we get this question quite a bit I got to tell you I respect everybody's right to ask the question but of the ten things that keep me awake at night this one's like number 100. We've the state under one of the greenest governors in the nation is asking us to spend more money on the gas distribution system largely to eliminate the methane leakage that results from an age system and as you know if you look at the 100 year effect of methane versus carbon dioxide it's about 28 times bigger methane being 28 times bigger than carbon dioxide. So there is definitely a commitment towards preserving the existing infrastructure as it relates to natural gas. Also I would point out that over 90% of the homes in New Jersey cook and heat their homes with natural gas and for them to change that would cost on average $10,000 and that's for a bunch of homes that not that long ago moved from oil because of energy security concerns and pollution concerns. So that's not exactly something that anyone is going to tackle in the near term plus I'm a firm believer someone who is adamant that we need to be far more aggressive on climate change as a nation that the consumer dividend associated with relatively clean fuel like natural gas really does motivate the nation to do something about carbon capturing storage. But to walk away from this resource which doesn't have any SO2, doesn't have any mercury, doesn't have any fine particles and has it's related impacts relatively well controlled just begs for carbon capturing storage solutions. So I don't think you are going to see a lot of new pipeline construction. You are obviously going to see a lot of gas plants still but I don't think you are going to see people heating their homes and cooking with the natural gas for many, many years to come. And last but not least if you think about the fact that when we, that we still have largely 75% fossil fuel driven electric system in the nation and then New Jersey is part of the PJM with a large fossil fuel component is taking that fossil fuel wasting two thirds of its energy content, converting the other one third into electricity and then using that one third to then heat home and cook is just really bad use of the environmental dollar. That two third that is wasted is referred to as waste heat and if you didn't waste it by converting it into electricity you simply converted it directly into hot water in home and hot air in home you have captured a lot more of the energy content. So it's just -- I suspect over the long term  as we do better job developing carbon capturing storage.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys first of all congrats on a good quarter. Second two questions. One is New Jersey specific and trying to think about what has to happen to have a more significant extent expansion of batteries or storage in New Jersey is it a price point question meaning a cost question? Is it a kind of a market design or a regulatory design and construct question? Would love your thoughts Ralph. 
Ralph Izzo: I just think it's a question of how much is on the plate right now Michael I mean the state has in its clean energy act passed in May of 18 financial law in May of 18 a 600 megawatt goal for battery storage next year I guess I think it's by the end of the year and of course we're nowhere near that but when you're spending $98 and $0.10 for offshore wind when your solar renewable energy credits at $220 and your transition program for solar renewable energy is that I think 150 or 175 per megawatt hour there's just so much you're willing to put on the customer's plate. So battery storage has gotten the sort of lower priority with some of the kind of core thing further along in and I mentioned one of them before AMI is something that is just screaming to be implemented not only because of the operational benefits it provides but because of the consumer benefits it provides in terms of helping the customer understand where they are in their bills during a month as opposed to waiting to the end of the month what it might mean for us in terms of more granular data and being able to do energy efficiency in ways we never did before. So I just think that battery storage is falling victim to some other priorities. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one other Ralph with the election next week obviously one of the candidates has been very open about talking about higher corporate income tax rates. How do you think about what that means not just for PSEG especially as you become less focused on the non-regulated business but also what it means for the customer on the customer bill and the pace of change in that bill? 
Ralph Izzo: Well, as you know the regulated business historically has been able to test through taxes and higher taxes will result in a greater bill impact to be sure but I think that that that's we're getting kind of far ahead of ourselves in that regard and I don't want I certainly don't want to be one to predict with what might or might not happen on Tuesday. So Dan I don't know if you have any comments on that but I'm getting all sorts of hand signals from our folks here that we've gone passed out a lot of time and folks may have other commitments that they need to do with, but so Dan do you want to? 
Dan Cregg: Yes Michael, like I would just say look the first thing that that needs to happen is it needs to get enacted and so it'll take some time for that to happen and then when it does as Ralph says yes the kind of the statutory rate will pass through on a normal basis but you'll also have right now what you're seeing is the flow back of excess deferred go back and there's some restrictions on what can happen for certain of those excess deferred taxes and there's flexibility on others of those deferred taxes. So that's I think the other part of it. The other thing I would say is that it's very simple to think about a change in tax regime as being the corporate tax rate changes by X percent underlying that there's usually a whole host of other changes and those things can have pretty considerable impacts from a cash perspective positive or negative. So both to the company and to the customer. So the devil's in the details and there's usually a lot of details beyond just that headline rate that can have impacts up and down to both sides of the equation. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciate it guys. 
Dan Cregg: Thanks Michael.
A - Ralph Izzo: I think we are going to close right now and I would be remiss if I didn't simply say thank you to all of you for joining us and extending my sincere hope that all of you are safe and your families and friends are safe and healthy and free of this dreaded virus and its impacts and also to say to each of you that know of someone or have any kind of relationship with someone who's on the front line as a health care provider assisting with this clear second wave and spike in this virus to extend our thanks as a company to those individuals who are doing that whether that's in our operating region or elsewhere and I know that we thank our employees every day for providing the services that enable those frontline workers to do their job. I suspect we'll see many of you in a couple weeks at EEI virtually. Be safe on Halloween. Protect your kids. Wear your mask, wash your hands, and keep safe distance and thanks again. See you soon folks.
A - Dan Cregg: Thanks everybody. 
A - Ralph Izzo: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Phyllis and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 31, 2020 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 P.M. Eastern Time today until 11:30 P.M. Eastern Time on August 11, 2020. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's second quarter 2020 earnings release attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings materials. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta and thank you all for joining us. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2020 of $0.79 per share versus $0.58 per share in last year's second quarter. PSEG's GAAP results for the second quarter were $0.89 per share compared with $0.30 per share in last year's second quarter. Our results for the second quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2020 to $1.82 per share. This increase over non-GAAP results of $1.66 per share for the first half of 2019 reflects the growing contribution from our regulated operations, effective cost controls at both the utility and PSEG Power. The absence of two extended plant outages that took place in last year's second quarter and the favorable settlement of audits covering the 2011 through 2016 tax years, which in combination of mitigated much of the weather related headwinds experienced in the first quarter of 2020. Slides 11 and 13 summarizes the results for the quarter and the first half of the year. We are especially pleased to report solid operating and financial results at both businesses. Our employees continue to effectively respond to the challenges and requirements of providing essential energy services under extraordinary conditions. The statewide mandated closure of most businesses, schools and government buildings in New Jersey contributes to a decline of approximately 7% in weather normalized electric sales for the second quarter. As the state continues the gradual reopening of businesses and activities, effective containment of COVID-19 should expand commercial activity and energy usage in the months ahead.
Dan Cregg: Terrific, thank you, Ralph and good morning everyone. Ralph said PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2019 of $0.79 per share and that's versus $0.58 per share in last year's second quarter. We have provided you information on Slide 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. And in Slide 12, you will see a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes, quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. So now I'll go through each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $0.56 per share for the second quarter of 2020 compared with net income of $0.45 per share for the second quarter of 2019 and that's shown on Slide 16. PSE&G's second quarter results were driven by revenue growth from ongoing capital investment programs. Transmission results contributed an incremental $0.05 per share to second quarter net income which included approximately $0.02 per share related to 2019 true ups and lower pension expense. Gas margin was $0.02 per share favorable driven by Gas System Modernization Program investments, and weather normalized volumes. Favorable weather comparisons quarter-over-quarter added a $0.01 per share, and while electric bad debt expense is recovered through our societal benefits charge, gas related bad debt expense in excess of the amount included in rates reduced earnings by a $0.01 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2019 reflecting higher uncollectibles related to COVID-19. Distribution-related depreciation and interest expense each over net income by $0.01 per share and non-operating pension expense was $0.03 per share favorable compared to the second quarter of 2019. And lastly, flow-through taxes and other items were $0.03 favorable compared to the second quarter of 2019 as driven by the timing of taxes and the settlement of federal tax audits for the 2011 to 2016 years. Weather in the second quarter of 2020 was favorable compared with the second quarter of 2019 but year-to-date weather remained a mild headwinds. Early summer weather was below normal, but 7% warmer than second quarter 2019 and weather normalized electric sales in the second quarter declined by about 7% with residential loads up 8% but more than offset by commercial and industrial sales that were approximately 14% lower in the quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. Thank you for taking my question.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe if you could help us just size the EBITDA for the non-nuclear generation assets you were thinking it's roughly 20% of the total Power EBITDA does that, does that seem reasonable, can you comment on that?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Durgesh, we have not broken that out in the past and are not going to do that at this juncture, I think as we continue to go through the process, more information will come forward but at this point we're not going to provide that and you can put together your best estimate.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. That's fair. And then maybe can you get your thoughts on, just in terms of the current market for -- just in merchant generation and going into the strategic review, how are you thinking about valuation for these assets just any high level color on that front?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I'd say Durgesh our expectations is to conduct an extremely robust process without redetermining or self-limiting it in any way and we'll let the market decide what these assets are worth there, or highly efficient with good heat rates, environmentally compliant and terrific market. So we're pretty optimistic about it.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thanks for that, Ralph. And just one really quick one and then I'll jump back in the queue. Is there a regulated to non-regulated business mix, Ralph, that you were targeting from this transaction?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So what we're trying to do is become as regulated as is possible and whatever remains being as contracted as possible to remove that earnings volatility and to have people explicitly recognize the valuation that PSE&G deserves. So the contracted piece would be things like PSEG Long Island, right, that's a multi-year contract to operate that system out there. And then to the extent that the nuclear plants supported by ZECs, that's not exactly contracted but Plaza, supported by public policy and instrumental in terms of New Jersey's carbon aspirations.
Durgesh Chopra: So basically get to regulated get to -- as high regulated plus contracted mix as you can.
Ralph Izzo: Exactly right.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: Given the merchant piece, yes.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks guys, I appreciate the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to follow-up with the strategic process as well. And just wondering if you could give a little bit more flavor as far as why now versus any point in the past and I imagine it sensitive overall the process, but didn't know if you could speak at all to what would be the driver for a single asset verses multi-asset process and the release, you mentioned the release just trying to see what details you can share here?
Ralph Izzo: Hey Jeremy, so we have said for quite some time that we've eventually thought these businesses will separate and we gave certain conditions under which we thought that would happen and one of those. I won't bore you with all of them, one of those was a sustained discount and valuation, which just will be a demonstration that investors were not satisfied with an integrated model. And we have a couple of things that we are in the process of tackling that seem to us at least to be in the market waiting for good news, recently the utility going to grow at 6.5% CAGR, but CEF is going to add to that. So that's the absence of a positive. We've been very public about our discussions on transmission ROE, so that's a driven -- unknown yet, but not a big unknown and we have good news coming out of the FERC MOPR in terms of our nuclear plants being able to bid basically zero and clear that market. So the remaining pieces that discount associated with having the integrated model and you can't put our current valuation all on the back of transmission ROE. You'd have to make forgive me, if it's impolite but some really crazy assumptions to get PSEG valuations that made sense with that being the only case. So we don't -- we're just right that pre-determined factor that we've always been paying attention to which is a sustained discount in our valuation appears to have manifests itself. So let's pursue acting on that.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, that makes sense. That's helpful.
Ralph Izzo: In the US, also in terms of pieces or the whole thing, I really at the risk of repeating what I said a moment ago, our plan is to make this process as robust as possible to get the cleanest signal from the market about how to optimize the value to our shareholders. And if that means one check for everything or 5,700, 6700 checks for each megawatt, I'm being observed there obviously, we will entertain that whole range.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you, and then do you expect any material change to managing the nuclear portfolio after you did best -- you the power assets and how might the sale here impact your financing plans given the importance of power free cash flow to funding utility growth?
Ralph Izzo: So in terms of the nuclear, I'll let Dan speaks to the financing, but in terms of nuclear operations, they have largely been separate for their entire existence, nuclear  engineering group, it's on maintenance group, it's on operations group, it's on supply chain, it's on HR support. So that should be a non-event from an operations point of view.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think from a financing perspective, I think that one of the key uses of proceeds I think would be to pay down debt at Power, obviously, if you think about the indenture and the structure of that you've got the assets sitting underneath Power and to the extent that we see some separation there to sell the cash that would come in would be used to pay down that debt. So, you would also have less interest expense on a go-forward basis to the extent that would end up happening. And also a better business mix and a better credit profile. So the ability to draw some debt capacity from that as well. So that's how we would think about it.
Jeremy Tonet: So overall, no real impact to -- future equity needs at this point.
Ralph Izzo: That's correct,
Dan Cregg: That's correct.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, thank you so much for taking my question.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Jeremy
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the time.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning. Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Pleasure. Hey, so following up on Jeremy's question there. Can we talk about how you think of the financing on a go-forward basis. I don't want to get into the proceeds expectation, but again, given the backdrop of the Dominion transaction recently and the repositioning, can you just give us a little bit of a sense on how you think about financing the business prospectively, and specifically, how you think about equity needs relative to dividend and specifically emphasis on dividend if you can?
Ralph Izzo: So, I'll start and then Dan will tell you the real story. I mean the utility earnings far in a way more than covering the dividend and the utility rate base CAGR growth is in excess of our dividend growth over the past 5 to 10 years. So from the point of view, the dividend policy, obviously reserving the right of the Board to always make decisions each quarter. We are highly confident that that's a no, never mind. In terms of the financing, the change in the business mix is going to change the potential for the parent to borrow and the delevering that will take place from the proceeds will -- and there'll be a residual a power function from the nuclear plant point of view will free up some investment capacity there as well. And don't forget Julien, our biggest cash generator for the past few years has been the utility. So we've done a bunch of analysis and obviously we'll wait and see how the process involves. But we feel pretty good about where our financing will come from and how we'll be able to support strong utility growth, that's the goal here right? Strong consistent utility growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. But -- go forward.
Ralph Izzo: No. Go Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I'm sorry, I was going to say to that point, how do you think about your balance sheet at a consolidated level, you talked about paying down if I heard you right, that basically the entirety of proceeds would be used to pay down power debt, but from a consolidated basis, how do you think about pro forma metrics from FFO to debt perspective right given a different risk profile, et cetera. I think that's probably another angle here right?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, whether it's the entirety of proceeds is to be determined, right. I think that it's more likely the entirety of the debt and then we'll see what ultimate aggregate proceeds are coming in. I think that where you land from the standpoint of overall debt capacity is going to be a function of that business mix and it's going to be a function of working with the rating agencies to make that determination. And but undoubtedly that is going to be an improvement and undoubtedly that's going to be some debt capacity that's going to open up from that perspective. So, that's how we're thinking about it, the fine points on that are ahead of us yet, but I think that's how you think about it, and frankly Julien, we tend to think about our overall financing is coming from the utility, a very strong cash from operations in its own right. And then, ultimately on the other side, there is a Money Pool where you'd have access to the power and  parent as funding vehicles. And I think it's just more of a shift in potential to the parent, although the remaining operations that would sit at power certainly would have a stream of cash flow and would have the ability to have some financial.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just quick question or clarification on the release, timing, key issues get resolved before actually completing?
Ralph Izzo: I'll take that. Those are totally  dependent processes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, thanks for clarifying that especially the dividend.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Akira  with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you give your latest thoughts on the transmission ROE and negotiations in terms of what timing, you might be aiming for. And then, one other ways that you have in mind that could potentially mitigate some of the EPS impacts from that, whether it be on the equity ratio or cost allocation side of things?
Ralph Izzo: So the negotiations are confidential, so I apologize for not being able to give you specifics, but you're -- the contents of your question actually gets right to the heart of the matter that this isn't about a single number what the ROE is this is about a variety of issues and what is the depreciation rate of the assets, what is the  equity layer, associated with the business, what are acceptable components of the FERC formula rate filing, in terms of cost, that maybe had not been captured in the past that could be captured now so. So, what I'd say is both sides are eager to provide relief to customers and eliminate an uncertainty in terms of where this could end up. However what matters to us is the overall economics and I think what matters to the regulators as the cash impact on customers, so what we're trying to do is balance each of those variables, if you will, to each to achieve our stated objective. I'm hopeful we can do it, but I'm not certain we can do it and we're just unfortunately I can't say more than that at this point in time. I mean the BPU staff is working hard, the consumer advocates are working hard. We talked, I think at least we -- they have other things that they need to tend to do. But it is an overall economic assessment that we need to bring voluntarily that we believe is more difficult  to achieve further. So to be continued.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. And I guess would there be any change in the timing of the rough time frame that you've communicated in the past for that?
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't think so. I mean yes, it's a question of the patients that BPU staff and the consumer advocate have, I mean they could file a complaint tomorrow and we certainly are not encouraging that, but we're not going to let the potential of filing a complaint make us deviate from what we know is an economically reasonable outcome and it would be a shame if we couldn't reach that outcome because the fact of matter as the complaint was filed, it wouldn't be resolved that FERC for years to come and New Jersey is struggling with 16% unemployment and all manner of economic challenges that it would be in everybody's interest, to try to return some rate relief to customers today. But no, I mean they could file tomorrow. I can't constrain that. But we're still trying.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Thank you for taking my question. Two questions, one on power and why sell down given the Clean attributes associated with it, I know it's small, but why sell down was solar assets, or why sell off the solar assets, why not keep those embedded and do you see utility scale solar or not see it as that in attractive business longer term?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So Michael, it's 479 megawatt, I think the biggest project is like 40 or 50 megawatt and most of them are 5 and 6. They spread around 17 states. So the scale is what we'd like it to be and candidly, we'd like to focus more of our green and carbon free attributes in the Mid-Atlantic region and as it relates to particularly nuclear potentially offshore wind plus, it's really because of its size, what I'm about to say, it's hard to prove it. We don't think we were getting proper credit for it in our own valuation, it's almost never picked up, you put an EBITDA multiple on something that's largely benefiting from investment tax credits and that doesn't get reflected in the stock price in a way that it might provide greater value to somebody who has a different calculus around, and know how to measure economic value. Yes, you said you had a second question, Michael.
Michael Lapides: Yes, I had a second question. When I go back and look at your investor slide decks and I'm looking at the capital spending charts and slide decks from the last few months or so, in the CapEx by year, for PSE&G. And this has happened for years with your company, is that your forecast transmission CapEx to just fall off a cliff, kind of gradually every year, year two is lower than year one, year three is lower than year two, year four is lower than year three. It actually never happens. Do you have any incremental color about what could make 2021 or 2022 Transmission CapEx, materially different or significantly different than kind of what you've shown on your latest slide decks for those years.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So what you said about transmission is actually truly the capital program overall and we try to point that out in the good old days when we can actually face to face at an investor conference that is purely a function of the fact that things are less firm in years, three, four and five than they are in years one and two. To your specific question about transmission, most of the big projects that came out of the PJM RTEP are pretty much complete or near complete, and a good part of our effort now is in upgrading our 26 KV system, the 69, that will result in an overall reduction in the transmission spend. But that's fully baked into that 6.5%, 90% CAGR number that we put out there. The possible -- there is a possibility of increasing transmission investment as New Jersey continues its pursuit of offshore wind, and we go from a 1 gigawatt to potentially 7.5 gigawatt future, the current project, the  had a very minuscule effect on the onshore transmission system, but as you start moving 7.5 gigawatts of power onto New Jersey, then that could change. So, and then last but not least, one of the things that the BPU is talking to all utilities, not just us about is the possibility for accelerating some of the infrastructure programs that we want to do to help create some economic stimulus and just given the age of our transmission infrastructure, and age of our gas infrastructure, that is something that could provide further opportunities for us as well.
Michael Lapides: Are there any public filings or any dockets or proceedings open whether at PJM or whether at the BPU regarding incremental transmission spend over the next couple of years.
Ralph Izzo: I don't think -- I'm wondering, there may be a BPU -- we can get back to you, Michael. There may be a BPU docket on how to bid future offshore wind projects, whether there is separate transmission from the actual wind farm, because as you probably know, the first solicit together and I thought the BPU is looking at it, it wasn't separate to them. But that may be over. I'm not sure, we can get back on that.
Dan Cregg: Michael, it really was, it was offshore wind and the line coming into shore all in one solicitation. So to the extent that there is and that's -- that has been the only solicitation in New Jersey to the extent that there are more solicitations and more of an ability to link-up projects that are out in the ocean and then doing it in different ways and may be carving it up, that's the kind of thing that is being looked at as a policy question. But what I think that wherever that does landed -- it sounded like your question was really nearer term for capital deployment, really in the immediate term, I wouldn't expect I think your question was '21, '22 that would be on the early end of anything if anything would happen by that time frame, on what we're talking about. So if that's your timeframe, I think less likely, I think as we go out into the future and try to make some longer term determinations as how to best target the magnitude of offshore one that the state is looking for, you may see more into the future.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Ralph. Thank you, Dan.
Ralph Izzo: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey, how are you guys doing?
Ralph Izzo: Great, Paul.
Dan Cregg: How are you?
Paul Patterson: Great. So I wanted to just sort of make sure that I just wanted to clarify something here. So the divestiture or the strategic review that's purely being basically driven by, if I understand stock valuation, there is no real significant change in market outlook or regulatory stuff that's going on here. This is just basically, hey, is it worth more -- the valuation equation basically mean it's a good time to look at it, am I understanding that correctly?
Ralph Izzo: That's exactly right.
Paul Patterson: And then with respect to the FRR, and I guess Ralph touched on this. There is no change in that process that you see taking place as a result of this and do we still, do you think I think you guys were basically under the impression that it was a very good chance, you don't need legislation, is that sort of still the case?
Ralph Izzo: So, while -- question, so we're not driving the FRR bus right, that's being driven by the BPU's. So that's a totally independent process and I think the state is still trying to figure out, do they want FRR that simply secures the carbon free energy, because they want to do an FRR that secures all of their energy and I don't see that being any way shape or form influenced by our decision to divest of our fossil assets. In terms of legislation, that's a purely a function of what kind of FRR they design. So if there is a better than even chance that no legislation is needed, but for example in the creation of an old REC, legislation was required if there is a similar thinking about any other kind of particular technology, then there might be a need for legislation. So, it's just too early in the FRR discussions to be definitive. What you're accurately quoting, Paul is that once upon a time when we thought all that would happen was that our nuclear plants will be supported by BGS that they would not be a need for legislation, but I think the PJM compliance filing that shows that our nuclear plants are free to bid and computing capacity markets has really diminished the need for anything specific to our nuclear plants at this time.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. The rest of my questions have been asked and answered. And thanks so much, have a great one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. Hi, I think I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on Julien's line of questions. It looks like your downgrade threshold, according to the Moody's report put out earlier this year was 17% and you ended the year 1% below that. If you were to essentially lose some additional cash flows on the merchant side and use back leverage to fund the utility investment going forward that could put further pressure on your FFO to debt ratio. So I guess my question is, would you be willing to accept ultimately a downgrade in the credit rating or what would you see as potentially happening on the FFO to debt side?
Ralph Izzo: There is obviously a whole lot of moving parts with respect to what we're talking about and a lot of discussions yet to be had and an ability to work through those things I think what I would say is, if you think about the overall business mix of enterprise and you think about that business mix without the non-nuclear generation, I think you have a more stable set of cash flows coming off the business and I think at the end of the day, you would have a lower threshold from the standpoint of what that newly designed entity look like. So I think that's a part of the calculus that becomes important in all this as we work forward and come to some determinations.
Paul Fremont: Great, thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Paul, sorry, I was hoping, you'd ask us the question about CEF. By the way we, our annual run rate right now at CEF is $200 million a year, it's not $40 million a year, because we got a $110 million extension for six months. And also as far as we can tell, negotiations are pretty active. We expect either a settlement or decision about the BPU in September. So we're…
Dan Cregg: Yes. No, I think we were definitely anticipating a settlement, I think is what we wrote in the last report that we put out. So we don't know the timing but we are very optimistic that there will be a settlement in that proceeding.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Well, my timing is September, just so the world knows that.
Paul Fremont: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. Thought I was going to . Hey, Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: How are you?
Steve Fleishman: I'm doing great, thanks. So just couple of questions, first of all, you have kind of talked for a little while about kind of willingness to sell the fossil assets, so maybe could you just give a little more color like what is different now versus what you've already been saying for kind of 6 to 12 months. I think you were worried about getting a fair price to some degree. So, are you more confident on that or some color there?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I'd say two things, Steve. Number one is getting a fair price given the capacity market uncertainty in PJM, and that I think, we haven't run an auction. But the rules are pretty clear in terms of what's going to happen there, but I would say it's just the valuation discount has expanded to a point where it just -- it's not fair, it just doesn't make any sense for PSEG to be valued where it is and,
Steve Fleishman: Right.
Ralph Izzo: You can't put it all on the backs of transmission ROE without making truly  assumption. So, it really was a case of enough is enough. And I do think that unlike the BEC process where we candidly, we did a little bit of a test program, we will announce a handful of people we thought might have interest. We're not going to do that, we're going to conduct a very robust process and we're going to -- just run it differently than that probably run. So I'd say, yes, there is a calming in the power markets and further expansion of the discount in valuation that conspire to say enough is enough.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, couple of just technical questions on it. Do you have the tax basis of the assets that you could provide us? And also just how should we think about dealing with like dis synergies. Is that something you can manage?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Steven, we have a tax basis number to provide, it's certainly going to be lower on the federal side, if you think about some of the expensing that's gone on. So I would think about it against the backdrop of some of bonuses -- on. And there's not a dis-synergy number, but obviously to the extent that you've got some of the costs, that you see getting spread across the various businesses, there will be some of that right, that you'll have a smaller entity to do to be able to spread over, but also as we look at this, we will be looking at efficiencies across the business as a whole to try to make up some of them.
Steve Fleishman: Great. And then last question on offshore wind, is there any I may be over reading it but I kind of feel like there's a little bit more of a tone of kind of interest in moving forward with offshore wind growth, could you maybe just give a little more color on that talking about the future auctions coming up to and -- Yes.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so certainly, we're still, where we have been all along, Steve from the point of view trying to maximize this opportunity that's available to us to learn. We are in a different places, we have learned more. And we are gaining confidence and the ability to construct and own and operate probably not can't see the same in terms of the regulatory process, particularly at the national level. And you -- I'm sure are aware that New Jersey has begun discussions about round two solicitation, and that's expected to -- Yes, I think in a couple of months. So, the state is moving and I do believe all within Governor Murphy's first term, you will see solicitations and securing a 3,500 megawatt of offshore wind. So this is becoming more and more real with every day and I have no reason to not believe that the state's full aspirations of 7,500 megawatt as well as New York state's 9,000 megawatts and so on and the list won't be realized. So you are picking up in my voice that this is going to happen at a scale that I wouldn't have predicted three or four years ago, but you see it coming along right now.
Steve Fleishman: Great, thank you.
Operator: We have time for one final question. Your next question comes from the line of  with KeyBanc.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Can you hear me?
Ralph Izzo: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Maybe if I could sneak in a couple of related questions on the Power side, so you're keeping nuclear power plants and we understand they have been substantially derisked via ZECs and is there -- however a scenario where you can envision that they may find different home also and then another question, I had is there any implications for -- any implications for how much headroom on your customer bill, you have in new Jersey after this divestiture. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Sophie, in the spirit of you, -- never say never, I wouldn't want to say the word never, but we are not marketing those nuclear plants. We have every intention and expectation of holding on to them and marketing the non-nuclear assets to source and fossil fleets. Plus, I just think that the candidate pool for purchasing is vastly, vastly larger for the fossil assets, right. So again at the risk  never say never, but I think it's pretty, that would be in the conjecture and most that is not time well spent. And because of that -- what's your second question?
Unidentified Analyst: Is there, are there any implications on the bill headroom in New Jersey?
Ralph Izzo: No. I would think that, no I mean power prices in the forward market as we've said are down from where they were just two years ago and that continues to be pressure on forward power prices both because of the abundance of natural gas, the reduction in load and the availability of highly efficient generation, so. We match, we try to match all of our utility proposed programs to bill impact of roughly CPI, and we try to do that in a way that includes rolling integrates every 6 to 12 months. So there is no price and rate shock to the customer, and of course we are firm believers that energy efficiency can be targeted at those customers who are A, the most vulnerable or B, are most broadly providers of services to the population at large and therefore benefit the population at large by reducing their energy consumption. I do think that, that once -- this past the appointed hour, so I would be remiss notwithstanding all the news and hopefully really good and exciting news that we share with you if I didn't simply say everyone on the call that I hope you and your families and friends are experiencing good health and have not been affected by this horrible challenge that we have in a form of COVID-19 and to the extent that any of you have friends or family who have been front-line health workers, we have PSEG truly express our thanks to you and to them indirectly. I'm pleased, I mean we convey that to them. We had just an amazing terrific effort by our employees, we've not been untouched by COVID-19, our infection rates are about half of the general population, our employees are managing to work safe and just produced some phenomenal cost savings, yielding a very strong quarter, I know we had some one-time stuff. But even if you back that one-time stuff out, I think we had a terrific quarter. And Dan and IR are the dancing types, but hopefully you can hear our voice excitement, the genuine excitement we feel about the pursuit of the strategic alternative and what that means for the concentrated focus growth of the utility, especially a CEF that we expect to be resolved by September -- and we look forward to seeing you all in person. But until then, we'll see you at some upcoming virtual conferences over the next several weeks. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect. And thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Christie, and I’m your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, May 4, 2020 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 o’clock PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Time on May 13, 2020. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Christie. Good morning. PSEG released first quarter 2020 earnings results earlier today. The earnings release attachments and slides detailing results are posted on PSEG’s IR website and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters we will discuss on today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as recorded in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and included in today’s earnings materials. I will now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on today’s call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta and thank you all for joining us today. Before we begin our review of this quarter’s results, let me take a moment to express my sincere condolences to anyone on the call who has been personally affected by COVID-19. I also extend my gratitude to the healthcare and emergency first responders. For these frontline hero’s in New Jersey PSEG recently donated 50,000 N95 masks and 200,000 pairs of gloves to help replenish personal protective equipment. I’ll refer to that as PPE from now on. The PSEG Foundation has also made a $2.5 million commitment to provide grants to regional food banks and health and social service organizations in our communities. PSEG’s first and foremost responsibility has always been to provide safe and reliable delivery of electric and gas service to our 3.7 million customers in New Jersey and on Long Island. As part of the New York Metropolitan area, New Jersey and Long Island have been among the hardest hit areas by COVID-19, but are showing signs of improvement. Confirmed COVID-19 incidents rates among PSEG employees remain below those of the New Jersey and Long Island general populations. Approximately 1% of our employees are currently self monitoring. So, personal availability continues to be strong and a test to the effectiveness of the safety protocols we put in place early on. This will become even more important as the summer storm season begins and access to mutual aid resources maybe limited.
Operator: Hello?
Dan Cregg: That confirms you?
Operator: Yes. We can hear you now.
Dan Cregg: Okay. I’ll go back to the beginning of my remarks prior to the technical difficulties. As Ralph mentioned, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2020 of $1.03 per share versus $1.08 per share in last year's first quarter. We are providing you with information on Slide 10, regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter, and Slide 11 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. And I’ll start to review each company in more detail with PSE&G. PSE&G as shown on Slide 13 reported net income for the first quarter of 2020 of $0.87 per share, compared with $0.79 per share for the first quarter of 2019 up 10% versus last year. PSE&G results were driven by revenue growth from ongoing capital investment programs in transmission and distribution, which more than offset the impact of unfavorable winter weather on electric and gas margin. As a reminder, our gas distribution business has a weather normalization clause that moderates the impact of weather-related sales variances versus normal weather. First in transmission rate base which added $0.06 per share to first quarter net income includes approximately $0.02 per share of items that will reverse over the second and third quarters of 2020 due to timing of expenses in 2019 true-ups. Gas margin, which includes the recovery of investments made under the gas system monetization program or GSMP II, as well as higher weather-normalized gas sales margins, improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.04. Winter weather, as measured by heating degree days, was 19% warmer than normal and 19% warmer than first quarter of 2019. The negative impact of unfavorable weather on gas margin quarter-over-quarter was largely offset by the gas weather-normalization clause. However, the decline in electric sales and revenue as a result of the large difference in weather reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share. For the trailing 12-months ended March 31, weather-normalized electric and weather-normalized firm gas sales were each down by approximately 1%, led by declines in Commercial and Industrial usage. Residential sales were flat with customer growth just below 1% offset by increases in energy efficiency and solar net metering. PSE&G’s capital program remains on schedule as mentioned earlier with essential work continuing on the majority of our critical reliability in infrastructure replacement projects at our transmission and distribution facilities. PSE&G invested approximately $0.6 billion in the first quarter and is on track to meet its full year planned capital investment program of $2.7 billion. Progress continues on several important projects, including The Metuchen-Trenton-Burlington Project, which energized its second phase and the Aldene-Linden project that recently energized an upgraded circuit connecting Aldene and Linden. Both projects are on plan and on budget. Customer bill affordability remains a key consideration as we invest in the system and PSE&G remains well-positioned on this metric with its combined electric and gas bills under 3% of New Jersey media and household income as of January 1, 2020. In March, PSE&G temporarily suspended all non-safety related service shut-offs for non-payment during the COVID-19 crisis recognizing the financial hardship that many of our customers are currently experiencing. And we will be advising them of available payment assistance programs and bill management tools. And as a reminder on the electric side, we will recover our bad debt expense through the societal benefits charge, which is trued up periodically. We are reaffirming PSE&G’s net income forecast for 2020 at $1.310 billion to $1.370 billion. Now, I’ll move to Power. PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.17 and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $201 million. This compares to operating earnings of $0.29 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $304 million reported for the first quarter of 2019. Net income for the first quarter was $13 million or $0.02 per share and a pre-tax charge of $20 million to reflect a lower cost for market adjustment to oil inventory was recognized in the first quarter and excluded from our non-GAAP measures. The earnings release and Slide 18 provide you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA relative to net income quarter-over-quarter. We’ve also provided you more detail on generation for the quarter on Slide 19. PSEG Power’s first quarter results were negatively affected by an extremely mild winter weather conditions, compared to the first quarter of 2019. A scheduled decline in PJM capacity revenue reduced non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by $0.11 per share compared to Q1 2019. The addition of ZEC revenues to first quarter results added $0.07 per share. Lower generation output for the quarter reduced comparisons by $0.01 per share and re-contracting reduced results by $0.01 per share, reflecting an approximate $1 per megawatt hour decline in the average hedge price versus the year ago quarter.  The weather related decline in total gas send out to commercial and industrial customers reduced results by $0.04 per share. Higher O&M expense from an unplanned outage at Salem Unit 1 lowered results by $0.01 per share and higher interest expense lowered comparisons by $0.01 per share versus the year-ago quarter. Gross margin for the first quarter declined slightly to $30 per megawatt hour compared to $0.31 per megawatt hour in the year ago period. Power prices were weaker across PJM, New York, and New England compared to the year earlier quarter as winter temperatures were 16% higher on average versus the first quarter of 2019. PSEG Power’s average capacity prices and PJM are set to rise in the second half of 2020 and beginning on June 1, the average PJM capacity price will rise to $168 per megawatt day, up from $116 per megawatt day. And I saw New England capacity prices are scheduled to decline, but the impact on our capacity revenue will be moderated by the addition of Bridgeport Harbor 5 and its seven year capacity lock at $232 per megawatt day. Now let’s turn to Power’s operations. Total generation output declined by 6.5% to 13.2 terawatt-hours, reflecting the sale of the Keystone and Conemaugh units last fall. PSEG Power’s Combined Cycle fleet produced 5.1 terawatt-hours of output, up 16%, reflecting the addition of Bridgeport Harbor 5, which was placed into operation in June 2019. The three newest combined Cycle units Key, Cone, and Bridgeport combined to post a strong average capacity factor of 81% in the quarter. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 94.9% for the first quarter, producing 8 terawatt-hours, representing 61% of total generation. Higher output from Hope Creek and Salem Unit 2, partly offset a month-long repair outage at Salem unit 1, resulting in a 2% decrease in nuclear output for the quarter. Salem 2 entered its 24th refueling outage on April 11 and the outage has been scaled back to complete a core set of essential tasks, which is expected to reduce the duration and cost of the outage. PSEG Power continues to forecast annual output for the years 2020 through 2022 at 50 terawatt-hours to 52 terawatt-hours. For the remainder of 2020, Power has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of production at an average price of $36 per megawatt-hour. 2021, Power has hedged 55% to 60% of forecasted production at an average price of $35 per megawatt hour, and for 2022 Power has hedged 25% to 30% of forecasted output at an average price of $35 per megawatt hour. More than 70% of PSEG Power’s expected gross margin in 2020 is secured by our higher hedge position of energy output, capacity revenue set in previous auctions, the opportunity to earn a full year ZEC revenues and certain ancillary service payments such as reactive power. We are reaffirming our forecast of PSEG Powers non-GAAP operating earnings for 2020 at $345 million to $435 million and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA at $950 million to $1,050 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2020 includes pre-tax expenses of $35 million related to the purchase of New Jersey tax credits and the benefit from this program is included below EBITDA in the Income Tax expense and it combines for a net benefit for the quarter of $5 million and there were no similar transactions in Q1 of 2019. Now, let me briefly address results from PSEG Enterprise and other. For the first quarter of 2020, Enterprise and other reported a net loss of 5 million or $0.01 per share, compared to net income of $1 million flat on a per share basis in the year earlier quarter. The net loss for the first quarter reflects higher interest and tax expenses at the parent, partially offset by ongoing contributions from PSEG Long Island. For 2020, we are reaffirming that the forecast for PSEG Enterprise and other remains unchanged at a net loss of 5 million. PSEG ended the quarter with $799 million of cash on the balance sheet. In March of this year, PSEG closed on a $300 million variable rate loan due March of 2021. As of March 31, PSEG had access to 3.2 billion under its $4.2 billion credit facility with a $4 billion revolver extended by a year to March of 2024. Debt at the end of March stood at 52% of our consolidated capital and debt at PSEG Power represented 32% of its capital at the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, PSE&G issued $300 million of tenure, 2.45% secured medium-term loans and $300 billion and 30-year 3.15% secured medium-term loans. In addition, we retired $406 million 5.13% note at PSEG Power that matured in April. Also in April, PSEG closed two additional term loans totaling $500 million. For the balance of the year, we have approximately $260 million of PSE&G maturities that come due in August and a $700 million parent maturity in November. Our solid balance sheet and credit metrics keep us in a position to internally fund our 2020 to 2024 capital investment program without the need to issue directly. As Ralph mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year 2020 of $3.30 to $3.50 per share. That concludes my remarks, and now, I'll turn the call back for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session from members of the financial community.  First question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on holding everything together here.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Absolutely. So, I wanted to dig a little bit further on the Power and PSE&G 2020 reaffirm, when you think about the cost control that you’ve embedded, and I appreciate it's a dynamic situation, so it's hard to put your finger on it, what’s the order of magnitude that you all are contemplating and reaffirming here today, especially as it relates to the power side of the business just because, obviously – you know that is hedged largely, but not entirely? So, I’m just trying to understand the order of magnitude that you all are contemplating in your guidance here when you take out the puts and takes here against what is, obviously, moving target expectations for full-year load and average pricing?
Ralph Izzo: So Julien, rather than give you piece parts with specific numbers attached to each piece parts, well, first of all it to hear your voice, hope you and your family are well and that you’re managing in these challenging times as well. You know some of the things that we've done as, for instance, is we recalibrated our nuclear refueling outage and I – and we took a bunch of days off. I can't give you that number because I don't think we’ve posted it on Oasis. We didn't have the original number days, and so therefore, I don’t want to give you the new number days. While O&M goes up given the work rules we have to put in place for an outage, and therefore, we only saved a modest amount of O&M by shortening the outage we increased a lot of the revenue expectations for things like ZEC payments and things of that sort by abbreviating the outage. You mentioned the hedge position and even though the hedges aren’t perfect, they were – we were about 95% hedged for this year. There’s been some fairly modest O&M reductions just in terms of support services that we’ve been enabled to capture just because of the change in work practices. So, those are the types of things over power in utility because we're only doing the essential work for customers. There has been some reduction in O&M associated with some of the appliance repair work and things of that nature that the Governors asked us to not do. And in the meantime, we’re still full speed ahead on the capital program, which as you know, gets at 90% clause recovery. So, it's been a combination of things and the team is working 24/7 to make sure that we’re constantly adjusting and Dan please feel free to add to if you could like.
Dan Cregg: I think that’s a good summary, and you know, I also think you will see some benefit come through as well to the extent that you see a lower cost to serve on some of our hedges as well. So, to the extent that we’ve got a lower market that we can work to support some of the hedges you could see some benefits coming through there in and some of those contracts tend to lean a little bit more on the smaller side or on the residential side, so there can be some uptick there as well Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then, if I can quickly follow-up on the second piece here. The offshore wind arrangement, how are you thinking about coming to terms on that? And ultimately is the timing of this ultimately drawn into a broader conversation at FRR and election and thought processing the State? And do we need to see some kind of resolution from the State in order for you to feel comfortable to participate in whatever form?
Ralph Izzo: No, that’s – thank you, Julien. Good question. Let me be more explicit than I've been in the past because Ørsted is just a terrific company and a very valuable partner, but time is our friend, so we are just – I don't mean to upset my colleagues at Ørsted if they are listening, but it is to our advantage to take every day to learn as much as we possibly can about this business and maximize the timeframe that they’ve granted us to make that decision because we started from a position of relative ignorance. So really it’s just making use of every day to be smarter and smarter about what is entailed in the developing that project. The state is absolutely committed to building that project. It would appear the federal agencies are as well. There have been well-publicized delays in different projects around the company. Ørsted themselves have talked about some of the delays in getting through the federal permits. So it's really not a question of the FRR at all.  The BPU order is quite clear on what the commercial terms of that project will be – are and will be, and we just now need to understand given that very well-established topline, what does the middle of the income statement look like in terms of their ongoing operational costs, and then, make a decision sometime in the fall. So, it's just the – I’m going to repeat myself, time is our friend in terms of collecting more and more information and getting smarter and smarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got you, excellent. And then no update on timeline for FRR resolution as far as you’re concerned?
Ralph Izzo:  and I don't mean to sound presumptuous by putting the  educated is that it's probably at the earliest end of year more likely spilling into Q1 of next year. Remember, the State really doesn't have to worry about paying double for capacity now that the nuclear units are covered or at least for the foreseeable future until off-shore wind comes online and that's not going to happen until 2024, so you have to worry about the 2021 auction before you have to kick in your FRR so as to avoid that duplicate payment for capacity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you all very much. All the best. Stay safe.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Constantine with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning, guys. Sure has a jump so I'm taking some questions here. It’s great to hear the update on everyone staying safe and work going on. You mentioned the kind of 5% to 7% load impact that you're seeing. And so, if we king of just look at an extended lockdown in New Jersey saying kind of full second quarter, what do that kind of mean in terms of sensitivities for EPS and understanding that there’s some offsetting dynamics kind of having only quarter of the margin on really C&I? And can you talk about kind of – you mentioned the bid on the cost efficiency levers have been applied, but what about more details on the kind of magnitude versus that sensitivity?
Dan Cregg: Yes, Constantine, so, it's been a little challenging as Ralph referenced in his original remarks that without AMI, the granularity that we would like to have we don't have. So, we know for a fact that in the aggregate when we take a look at what reductions are, we’re in that 5% to 7% range on a weather normalized basis, and by all occasions, we’re going to see an uptick on the residential side and we’re going to see more challenges on the C&I side just knowing what's going on. So, we basically have taken a look at that kind of a trajectory and presumed that we would continue to see that through the balance of the year now. It's going to have varied effects as you go through the year. you’re going to have different seasonality; you’re going to have different effects moving through the year, but that’s what we used to try to gauge what things would look like and if you take a look at both from a power and a utility business combined and you try to take a look at what that's going to do from an EPS perspective. It ranges in the order of about $0.01 a month from the standpoint of impact from an enterprise earnings perspective through the – the summer periods. And then, when you get into the fall into more of a shoulder period, you could see a little bit less of an impact just because you've got a different dynamic with respect to what overall loads are. So, that’s a – an admittedly rough estimate given the data that we do have and how we’ve been able to forecast  and as we go through time, we’ll continue to get more data and more data on a customer segment perspective and be able to refine that, but that’s the order of magnitude that we’ve seen from the standpoint of losses to-date and where we think it may end up coming out, that’s a gross margin number. So, we’re going to take that, and then, you would tax affect that and then you’re going to work your way through on the cost side, and you know, there are some basic things that are fairly obvious if you think about the cost structure of the business and things like travel. You could think about that we’re going to strip some of the outages down too. So, some work may be more expensive to do, but there will be some of it that will not be done during this period which will cost some saving. So, we will continue to manage this as we go through the balance of the year and I think from taking all this and looking at it that's what gives us confidence to be able to reaffirm guidance.
Constantine Lednev: Okay that makes sense, kind of offsetting on both sides. Another one kind of – this maybe one for Ralph, you talked about both NJBPU and kind of engaging stakeholders on ROE, is there any kind of advancements in what sort of conversation there can be had at this stage?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Constantine. I’d echo what I had mentioned a moment ago. Glad to hear your voice and hope you and your family are well in addition. So, I don't want to go into details what the conversations with the BPU on transmission ROE, but suffice to say that we still are in conversation and the motivation for that really is the fact that the New Jersey economy is in a tough state right now and I think the BPU realizes that this is a great opportunity for possibly refunding to customers many, many dollars as a result of a reduction in our allowed ROE and rather enter into a protracted litigated case at FERC, which would take many years to have that rate relief occur, now is a good time to do it, and we would agree with. Having said that, we’ve been very clear with the BPU as to what we think is a fair return and we’re not going to settle on something unless it matches what we think is a fair return, and I'm sure they feel same way. So, the good news is, we are still in conversation and we both recognize that there could be a win-win if we can narrow the gap that continues to just between us. So, I’m sorry for not giving you a specific number or a answer right now, Constantine, but just the nature of that dialogue doesn't allow me to do that, but all parties realize that it would be a great benefit to many folks to reach resolution, and if we can, and then, we – so be it and it will be decided elsewhere. We had technical difficulties before; I’m hoping that we didn’t just go silent again.
Operator: No.
Constantine Lednev: No, sorry about that. I just happened to be on mute. Just one real quick one for Dan, are there any kind of volume metric risk remaining with the hedges on tower for the remaining of the year or is that kind of pretty hedged out?
Dan Cregg: There’s volume metric aspects on some of our hedges. There's volume metric aspects on some of our generation as well and that's how I would have you think about it, Constantine. So, the nuclear units are going to run like nuclear units, and then, our gas units with pretty significant capacity factors will still follow load. And similarly, we will have some blockages that will be on it. We will have some good deals that will be on them that makes up the aggregate of our hedge portfolio. So, I think you’ve got the ability for some of your generation to flex based upon changes in load and I think you’ve got some your hedges that will do the same. And so, there will not be an absolute lockstep, but I think that those hedges will work well for the fleet that we have and you’ll see some of them working in approximate tandem.
Constantine Lednev: Perfect. Thanks for that guys. Stay safe out there.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Constantine.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Mr. Byrd, your line is open.
Carlotta Chan : Christie, let’s go to the next question.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi. Good morning. Hopefully you can hear me?
Dan Cregg: Yes, we can, yes. We can hear you.
Steve Fleishman: I’ve seen you nearly as much as – hi – I think I’ve seen you, Ralph, nearly as much as my family on TV for the last few weeks, so it’s been nice. Good to see your face. So, a couple of things, just on the, you know, guidance for 2020, you mentioned that you just continued strong operations and cost control, is that just kind of say that there are pressures and you don’t have as much cushion as normal or what are you trying to kind of emphasize there?
Ralph Izzo: Nothing more than what we said there, Steve. And so, the kind of flexibility you have is outage duration and that helps both in terms of the costs associated with the outage, as well as the opportunity for margin acquisition. And the utility is type of thing that you have is if you do less O&M and more capital, you can both benefit from the clause recovery associated with the capital and benefit from the reduced O&M. In eliminating some of the non-essential services there are some reduction in over time. So it’s really a combination of things like that. There’s not one specific item. By the way that TV spot that you saw was recorded by my wife on an iPhone, so we save money there, if you’re curious. We almost incurred some expense with the divorce attorney, but that was okay, we managed with that. So, you know, I know that everybody wants to – okay, so what are we doing to get $0.05; what are we doing to get $0.03, but it just doesn’t work that way.  It’s really a never ending focus on a bunch of small things that add up. In terms of the guidance range, as Dan said, you know, we are going to be swimming against about a $0.01 a share if this current trend in demand reduction continues with a lesser amount after the summer. So, that’s the bogey that we're fighting against. So obviously, when we give a $0.20 range, we have enough flexibility in there with that kind of a headwind with some of the offsets to reaffirm.
Steve Fleishman : Great. And then, just on the New Jersey capital program outside of the base rate case, juts based on the schedules we have now, how are feeling good about, you know, some meaningful amount of those investments starting to be made or being made in 2021?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I feel good about it. Let me tell you why because that is something you’ve heard me say before, despite phenomenally good management on the part of Governor Murphy, New Jersey has been dealt a really tough hand here. You know we are a densely populated state, and therefore, as a result of that population density, we are being hit harder than no other state other than New York in terms of COVID-19 that is having huge social impact, self impact, as well as economic impact, and we are, as a company, probably best positioned to help in regard to those economic impacts, right. The energy efficiency filing that we have made has huge benefits in terms of up to 5,000 jobs that could be created as a result of that and the bill reductions for customers and shareholder benefits. I mean, that – there is nothing that you can point to that has that kind of multiple benefits. In the past, I’m not saying this will be repeated now, but in the past, in 2008, when we had economic downturn, it was a desire on the part of the BPU to accelerate some of the aging infrastructure replacement as a form of economic stimulus. We’ll certainly remind them of that and we do a bandwidth to do more I mean electric distribution side than we’re doing now, which is useful stuff to do while recognizing some of the economic impacts that we’re experiencing as a state. So, I do think the that we are generally viewed as someone that can help with the economic recovery, and right now, as you well know, we – we’re expecting to resolve the energy efficiency component by September this year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you. Be well.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you too.
Dan Cregg: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. 
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning, guys, and it’s good to hear from you.
Ralph Izzo: Same, John.
Jonathan Arnold: A quick one on just – am I hearing you right, Ralph, I think what you’re saying is that pretty much all of the capital work you're currently doing is continuing under an essential header, but it’s really more, you know, O&M type activities that your having to curtail, is that correct? Or is that – are there some sort of elements to the capital program that are also going to need to catch up a little bit when things start to normalize?
Ralph Izzo: Well, that’s correct, Jonathan. You heard me correctly.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, that was one. And then, you mentioned, Ralph, in your prepared remarks that you have some concerns about mutual aid and how that will, you know, work as we get rather into the year and storm season, can – could you maybe talk about some of the things you're doing or thinking about as you try to address that?
Ralph Izzo: First of all, I’m surprised if you can tell if those are prepared remarks. I thought you realized that I just – yes, that was – so we had a little bit of a taste of this, Jonathan, about two or so weeks ago. We had a significant storm roll through, but it was high winds and lots of rain, but it happened before the tree is all leafed out.  So we dodged a bit of a bullet, but normally what you do when you see a storm coming is you arrange for contractors and all the utilities will not likely to be affected because they’re not in the path of the storm to stage our workforce. And it might be just getting them ready to leave from where they are or might actually get them to New Jersey and have them in place. We were able to secure about 40% of what we asked for, and it was a combination of – candidly, utility is not willing to risk their own employees in terms of their exposure to jobs and travel limitations put on some of the contractors. So, if we have that experience when the trees all have leaves on them and the wind blows then we will have to communicate extensively with customers about some of the likely delays that they will experience in being restored.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. So, you're really pointing out the issue as opposed to that being, you know, way of addressing here at this point.
Ralph Izzo : Right.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thanks  answer that really helps, I think, Ralph. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning, thanks for having me.
Ralph Izzo: You’re welcome Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to go back to FRR if I could, how do you see the near-term cost dynamics of an FRR versus the PJM capacity auction influencing the BPU, the valuation of the long-term issue of double payment for capacity?
Ralph Izzo: So there’s multiple factors that we're exploring with the BPU as they are exploring with many other people. I didn't mean to suggest that we’re the only folks that they are talking that’s not the case. They have a formal proceeding that they've announced. One possibility is that you could be seeing a, you know, different price in New Jersey than you would see in PJM writ large, but the fact that you only need to secure a 15% or 16% reserve margin as opposed to the larger reserve margin that's in the broader PJM could allow the total amount of money that is paid by customers to be less likely whether you have a case where you pay a higher price in New Jersey, but you buy less of it. So, the unit cost is more, but the number of units is less, so the product of the two terms got to be less expensive for the state. If you were to just look at offshore wind aspirations of the state and then take a look at what typical Eastern Mac capacity prices have been and then you factor in what the capacity value of the offshore wind might be granted by PJM, you quickly get to eight if not nine figures in just a few years in terms of extra payments on the part of New Jersey customers for not having offshore wind be able to clear the auction. So, you have those two potential savings like one savings is the avoidance of paying twice, that’s the eight to nine figures offshore wind capacity that won’t be granted a recognition on the part of PJM and would not be able to clear auction at the ACRs that have been proposed. And the second is just the mere fact that by virtue of New Jersey having to secure only a 15% or 16% reserve margin, it could save there as well. So, you have this double benefit that the state could realize if it designs the FRR in a competitive way that recognizes the carbon free resources that it is committed to securing.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, that’s really helpful. Thank you for that. And just one more if I could, if you have any thoughts you could share when you think settlement discussions could begin on the CEF proceeding?
Ralph Izzo: Well, so we've had good conversations with the board staff. They know what's important to us and we’ve been very clear. It's been to be up in different energy efficiency investments. You know, we hoped that the Board would incentivize us, if I may have just created a verb, but the least we should be indifferent so whether we invest in a circuit or meter or energy efficiency and that's worked in states. We need to have fixed cost recovery because the profitability of energy efficiency is much smaller than the fixed cost lost, if you avoid a kilowatt hour sale, and that's been recognized by other leading states. And last but not least, we want to make sure that the state recognize the importance of having the useful life of the asset be matched up with the depreciable life of the asset, which is just sort of good ratemaking practice that we apply to our $30 billion in rate base throughout the system. So, I think those are the three critical items. Then, you have much more latitude about how much of this do you want to do? And we’ve sized the program to achieve the targets of the Clean Energy Act. We could do more, but as the state doesn't want to achieve the targets of the Clean Energy Act or wants to phase that in more slowly, it may ask us to do less. I am encouraged by the fact that the state gave us $110 million bridge in just these next six months, while we wait to resolve the settlement discussions, and you know, if you look at a $110 million over six months and you compare it to the $40 million year we’ve been averaging, that’s certainly a nice step in the right direction. I’m not trying to signal anything with that other than obviously growing enthusiasm for energy efficiency. So, we’ll know more by September and that's a lot sooner than you may think. Hope that helps, Jeremy. I note once again in confidential settlement discussions, I have to just be careful about how much detail I share because I don’t think that’s fair to the other party. 
Jeremy Tonet: That does help. Appreciate the color there. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hi, good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Paul, hope you’re well.
Paul Patterson: I’m managing, thank you. So, just – you know just as a follow-up on the FRR discussion, it sounds like that given everything you’re saying and what the commission and what have you’re saying, it's very likely that they probably will go for the FRR option, is that they way we should be thinking?
Ralph Izzo: You know look, they are the final decider of that, but I think that that is the logical thing for the state to do why New Jersey would want to take twice for capacity in what is obviously an extremely ambitious carbon free energy agenda would boggle my mind. You know, new solar and offshore wind are not going to clear the auction at these ACRs.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: So, you know, I would think that the state would be greatly incented to do an FRR?
Paul Patterson: Okay, that makes sense. And so, I guess what I was also wondering so to follow-up on, you mentioned the stimulus benefit and of infrastructure development that you guys have been – that you guys have produced in the past and you also mentioned the ROE transmission discussion that you’re having with the commission, so I’m sort of wondering, you know, how should we think about, I think probably maybe you would disagree, there probably is going to be substantial budget pressure even with Federal assistance in New Jersey, how should we think about sort of just the potential financial problems that the state is going to be facing and weighing the two issues that you mentioned, which is one perhaps not wanting to see big rate impacts and then two wanting to probably see economic activity stimulated. You follow what I’m saying, how should we …?
Ralph Izzo: I do. I mean, so if it were me and I were writing the script, which I don’t, but certainly what we’re telling policy makers is that an adjustment to transmission ROE to a reasonable level would still be a very attractive annual give back of rates to customers. Significant investments in energy efficiency also puts more money into customer’s pockets by a virtual of bill reductions. Infrastructure investments helps us to employee contractors and other folks and in doing work that gets paid back over 40 and 60 years because that’s how long these assets last. So, you have, you know both expense savings through transmission ROE reset and energy efficiency as well as payroll increases through energy efficiency and payroll increases through infrastructure investment. The latter of which gets paid over many decades because that is the life of the asset. So, all that if done properly, results in net reductions in bills and creations of thousands of jobs and that's not alchemy, that's just the hard reality and benefits associated with energy efficiency rate relief and infrastructure investment. So, I would do that in a heartbeat. And we are having those kind of conversations I, you know, that that will be up to the BPU, though to decide.
Paul Patterson: Awesome, thanks so much. I really appreciate it. Hang in there.
Ralph Izzo: Take care, Pau. So, I think we're at the appointed hour. I just want to conclude with three thoughts for you. I know it's a bit of a cliché at this point, but I must tell you, I couldn't be more proud of our employees, whether it's managing a nuclear outage safely with de minimis impact on health and safety, and being able to get the work done on time or the storm response to what I mentioned before in terms of that rain event. Our call center stats are even better than they were, we've closed the books on time, our communications personnel are working from home by keeping our employees apprised of what's going on, and a shout out as Steve Fleishman mentioned to my wife for her superior cameraman skills and getting our commercial on the air. And by the way folks are not working five days a week anymore. They are 24/7 during this, and somehow managing to get all of this done. So, I couldn't be more proud of them. And I really want to thank the policymakers and decision makers at the BPU and in New Jersey government. They have recognized the essential nature of the work we've done. They've allowed us to keep our capital work on track with the right social distancing, and with the right precautions. And we've taken that trust that they've given us quite seriously. And our and our exposure rates are lower than the population at large despite the fact that about half of our employees are out there in the field doing work on a regular basis and the BPU working remotely as kept their procedural schedules on track not only now do we have procedural schedules for all of CES, not only for energy efficiency, but for AMI, and for electric vehicles and battery storage, but they've also taken on the challenge of resolving an FRR. And they've engaged us in an ROE discussion for transmission. So folks at the state government are just doing tremendous things in terms of meeting these challenges that we all feel personally, while at the same time, keeping the trains running on time and adding a few trains to the schedule. So, despite these tough times, I'm just in awe of what people are doing everywhere, in terms of rising to the challenge, and to all of you on the call, if you have friends or family members who are in health care services or providing those services to the rest of the population, please express our thanks to them on our behalf and our respect and admiration for all that they are doing. So, we'll see some of you virtually I'm told in various meetings and conferences and we'll Zoom or WebEx or do whatever works and then hope to see you in person in the not a very distant future. Thank you. Be well and stay safe. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Tiffany, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday February 26, 2020 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 o’ clock PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Time on March 5th, 2020. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning. PSEG released its fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings results earlier today. The earnings release attachments and slides detailing results by company are posted on the IR website and our 10-K will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters we will discuss on today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as recorded in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and included in today’s earnings materials. I will now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on today’s call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on the call today. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.64 per share, that’s an increase of 14% versus non-GAAP results of $0.56 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year were $3.28 per share, which are 5% higher than 2018’s non-GAAP results of $3.12 per share. We achieved solid operating and financial results in 2019, which marked the 15th consecutive year that PSEG delivered results within or above our original earnings guidance. Our GAAP results for 2019 of $3.33 per share, compared to net income of $2.83 per share for 2018 and reflected higher earnings due to several factors. These included, the conclusion of PSE&G’s 2018 distribution rate review, excuse me, a partial year of Zero Emissions Certificates or ZECs, as I’ll refer to them later on. Mark-to-Market gains and Nuclear Decommissioning Trust fund gains compared to losses in 2018 and higher pension credits from benefit plan changes in 2019. Net income for 2019 also included a loss recorded on the sale of PSEG Power’s ownership interest in the coal-fired Keystone and Conemaugh units in Pennsylvania that closed in the third quarter. Details on the results for the quarter and the full year can be found on Slides 6 and 7.
Dan Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph and good morning, everybody. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2019 of $0.64 per share versus $0.56 per share for the fourth quarter of 2018. Our earnings in the quarter brought non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $3.28 per share, just 5% higher than 2018’s non-GAAP operating earnings of $3.12 per share. And on Slide 6, we provide you with a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter. We also provide you with information on Slide 12, regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. And Slides 13 and 15 contain waterfall charts that take you through the quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year net changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major businesses. I’ll now review the company in detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income for the fourth quarter of 2019 of $0.54 per share, compared with $0.47 per share for the fourth quarter of 2018. Full year 2019 net income was $1.250 billion or $2.46 per share, an improvement of over 17% compared with net income of $1.67 billion or $2.10 per share in 2018. As shown on Slide 17, PSE&G’s net income in the fourth quarter increased as a result of expanded investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure and distribution rate relief for the full quarter as new rates were put into effect on November 1st of 2018. Growth in PSE&G’s investment and transmission improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.04 per share. Gas margin improved by $0.02 per share as a result of rate relief and recovery of investment in gas distributions made under the gas system monetization program. Electric margin was flat in the quarter as one month of incremental rate relief versus 2018’s fourth quarter was offset by lower weather normalized volume and demand. Operating and maintenance expense improved by $0.02 per share compared with the prior quarter, reflecting lower tree trimming and preventative maintenance work. And in addition, retiree medical plan benefit changes implemented in 2019 at a $0.03 per share positive impact on net income compared for the year earlier quarter. These positives were partially offset by a $0.01 per share of higher depreciation expense on higher plant balances. A $0.01 of higher interest expense on higher debt outstanding and higher taxes and other items that were $0.02 on favorable compared to a year earlier quarter. For the full year, weather normalized residential electric sales were 0.2% lower, and weather normalized residential gas sales declined by 1.8%. Total electric and gas customers for the full year increased by 0.9% and point 0.6%, respectively. Last October, PSE&G updated its transmission formula rate filing for 2020 to implement a rate increase after having completed the return of excess deferred tax benefits in 2019. In 2019, PSE&G’s formula rate filing included the flow back to customers of the tax benefits related to accumulated deferred income taxes on an accelerated basis in a single year, which had the effect of lowering the annual revenue requirements and transmission revenue for 2019 after reflecting system investments. PSE&G’s investment of over $2.7 billion in its transmission and distribution infrastructure in 2019 resulted in 6% growth in rate base to over $20 billion. And of this amount, PSE&G’s investment in transmission represents 45% or just over $9 billion of the company’s consolidated rate base at the end of 2019. PSE&G’s net income for 2020 is forecasted at $1.310 billion to $1.370 billion. Now let’s turn to Power. PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.10 per share in the fourth quarter compared with non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.11 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power’s full year non-GAAP operating earnings to $409 million or $0.81 per share, compared to 2018’s non-GAAP operating earnings of $502 million or $0.99 per share. Power’s non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and the year amounted to $198 million and $1.035 billion, respectively. This compares with non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2018 of $176 million and for the full year of $1.059 billion. The earnings release as well as slides 13 and 15 provide you with detailed analysis of Power’s operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and cost. Power reported net income that increased by $0.39 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings that declined by $0.01 per share, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, as shown on Slide 23. A scheduled decline in capacity prices in PJM and ISO-New England in the second half of 2019 reduced fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by $0.11 per share. Lower generation output for the quarter also reduced comparisons by $0.02 per share. The benefits of a full quarter of ZEC revenues of $0.06 per share, and lower costs to serve of $0.05 cents per share were partly offset by a $0.03 per share decline from recontracting at lower market prices. Gas operations were flat as lower commodity prices pressured margins and limited off-system sales. The decline in our O&M expense improved comparisons by $0.03 per share, reflecting savings from the Keystone and Conemaugh’s sale and lower fall 2019 fossil outage expense that more than offset higher costs related to the Hope Creek refueling outage and Bridgeport Harbor 5 in-service as of mid-year 2019. Higher interest and depreciation expenses were offset by savings from retiring medical plan benefit changes that were implemented in 2019. And lower taxes improved non-GAAP operating earnings by a $0.01 over the prior year’s fourth quarter. Gross Margin in the fourth quarter stabilized at $31 per megawatt hour from the same level in 2018’s fourth quarter as a scheduled decline in capacity prices that began on June 1st in PJM and ISO-New England was largely offset by the ZECs awarded in April. For the year, gross margin declined to $32 per megawatt hour from $33 per megawatt hour, reflecting the average decline in 2019 hedge prices for energy of approximately $3 per megawatt hour. Now let’s start the Power’s operations. We’ve provided you with detail on generation for the quarter and for the year on Slides 24 and 25. Output from Power’s generating facilities in the fourth quarter declined by 6.2% from last year, primarily reflecting the sale at the end of the third quarter of the Keystone and Conemaugh coal-fired generating units, as well as an extended refueling outage at Hope Creek. Full year 2019 output of 57 terawatt hours was at the low end of our 57 terawatt to 69 terawatt hour forecast. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 81.9% in the quarter, resulting in a full year capacity factor of 88.7% and total production of approximately 30 terawatt hours. The combined cycle fleet operated at an average capacity factor of approximately 54.8% in the quarter, resulting in a full year capacity factor of 52.2% and total production of approximately 23 terawatt hours for the year, an increase of over 20% year-over-year reflecting the addition of Bridgeport Harbor 5 and high capacity factors achieved at the other two new combined cycle units Keys and Sewaren. Coal-fired generation for the quarter and the year was significantly reduced as a result of the sale of Keystone and Conemaugh. And update of Power’s hedge position following the BGS auction in early February is provided on Slide 27. PSEG Power’s forecasting a decrease in output for both 2020 and 2021, to 50 terawatt hours to 52 terawatt hours, down 2 terawatt hours since the third quarter 2019 update, primarily reflecting weak prices and lower market demand. Following the completion of the recent Basic Generation Service or BGS auction in New Jersey, approximately 85% to 90% of production for 2020 is hedged at an average price of $37 per megawatt hour. With baseload production hedged at approximately $1 lower than the average price in 2019. For 2021, Power has hedged 45% to 50% of forecast output of 50 terawatt hours to 52 terawatt hours, at an average price of $36 per megawatt hour, and for 2022 Power has hedged 20% to 25% of forecast output of 50 terawatt hours to 52 terawatt hours at an average price of $36 per megawatt hour. The forecast for 2020 to 2022 volumes fully reflects the sale of Keystone and Conemaugh, which had produced approximately 5 terawatt hours of annual generation in prior years, the generation from the 3 new CCGTs approximately 3 terawatt hours of low generation and each year consistent with current market conditions. And the planned retirement of 383 megawatts of coal-fired generation at the Bridgeport Harbor 3 stations in June of 2021. Power’s 2020 non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA forecast that is projected to be $345 million to $435 million and $950 million to 1.50 billion, respectively. Moving on to Enterprise and other for the fourth quarter of 2019, Enterprise and other reported net income that increased by a $0.01 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings that increased by $0.02 per share compared with the fourth quarter of 2018. Net income of $2 million for the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with a net loss of $5 million or $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. And for the full year of 2019, PSEG Enterprise and other reported a net loss of $25 million or $0.06 per share, compared with net income of $6 million or $0.01 per share for all of 2018. Enterprise and other reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2019 of $2 million bring full year results to $7 million or $0.01 per share, which compares to non-GAAP operating loss of $12 million or $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018 that brought results to $13 million or $0.03 per share for the full year of 2018. For 2020, Enterprise and others expected to produce a non-GAAP operating loss of $5 million and this guidance reflects a continued PSEG Long Island results that are more than offset by higher parent interest expense. PSEG concluded 2019 with $147 million of cash on hand, and debt representing 52% of our consolidated capital position. Power’s that was 33% of its total capital base and its yearend debt positions stood at just over 2.7 times in 2019 non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA. We expect internally generated cash flow will enable us to fund our current 2020 to 2024 capital program of $12 billion to $16 billion and accommodate incremental investment in previously identified opportunities without the need to issue equity, while providing the opportunity to grow our dividend. The recap regarding to non-GAAP operating earnings for 2020 of $3.30 to $3.50 per share at approximate 4% increase over 2019 with regulated operations at PSE&G approaching 80% of consolidated earnings. We also raised PSEG’s common dividend by $0.08 to the indicative annual level of $1.96 per share, a 4.3% increase over 2018. This level continues to represent about a 58% payout of consolidated earnings at the midpoint of 2020 guidance and is comfortably covered by utility-only earnings and has contributed to a 4.7% annual rate of growth in the dividend over the last five years. And with that, Tiffany, we are now ready to take some questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for the members of the financial community.  your first question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Hi Praful.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Hi. So, Ralph on the PJM capacity auction, I’m sure you’re expecting the question. Unfortunately the way FERC has lifted, it’s going to be difficult to see how states stay in it if they really want to push their renewable mandate especially like you said, offshore wind and we’ll see how the net ACR comes out from nuclear. But what is your view on that, if states were to separate or at least have their own FRR like you said, what does that mean for New Jersey? What does the process and timing take? And what does that mean for your portfolio in particular?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, so that’s a very – thanks, Praful that is a very complicated question. And so much of it is really summarized in two words, it depends. I don’t think New Jersey wants to pay twice for a capacity from carbon free sources and particularly from offshore wind. So under the current construct, which as you know, many people have filed for rehearing. But under the current construct, that would mean New Jersey would have to have either a zonal or statewide FRR which to me is suboptimal, right, because now you’re going to be solving a small problem with a rather large tool. If your aspirations are for 7,000 megawatts of offshore wind, you need to pull out 15,000 megawatts from the capacity market seems to be a bit of overkill. It also depends upon the design of the FRR. Are you taking out what is the engineering assessment of the reserve margin you need, 15%, 16%? If so, you’re leaving behind a residual market that is grotesquely oversupplied and crushing capacity prices in that market. How is price set? I mean, there’s just a ton of questions. What I feel good about is number one, we have an Energy Master Plan that says nuclear is important to 2050. So that has to be economically supported. Number two, we have fossil assets that are located close to the load centers and have deliverability advantages that will make some important factors in any capacity reliability construct that is created. So you know, candidly, we’ve already filed comments and by virtue of those comments, I think it’s for me to say that we’ve said FERC didn’t quite get this right. And it looks like – most likely outcome is folks that are not close the load centers and that are in other regions and may face a residual market that does experience some price suppression, which is the exact opposite of what FERC said they wanted to do. So everything I said after the first two words of it depends, you should take with a little bit of a very cloudy crystal ball of in terms of its ability to be precise, and I’ll end where I started, which is it depends.
Dan Cregg: And Praful and just one just to add the – as we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we will find out a little bit more from PJM on the 18th of March with respect to the ACRs, which is part of your question as well. So that depends as well, but we’ll get a little bit more insight and we anticipate that to come out on the 18th of March.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah and you do not perform sure that the IMM numbers would suggest that our nuclear plant should we choose to participate would be certainly competitive –
Praful Mehta: Right now. Yeah, now thanks for all that color. And obviously I do appreciate that nuclear should at least based on IMM numbers. But I guess, given all of the – it depends and uncertainty from a timing perspective, if we’re good to go ahead, do you think New Jersey can react in time to get the FRR? If that was the path forward like you said, a big tool for a smaller problem. But if that was the only path forward, what is the timing expectation you think that FERC that beat that New Jersey can get together and kind of solve the problem from an FRR perspective?
Ralph Izzo: So remember, our capacity prices are set for 2022. So we have a little bit of time there. Depending upon whether or not FERC responds properly to the March 18th filing that Dan referenced, it’s conceivable that the next auction would take place late in Q4 of this year, and New Jersey will not have offshore wind, collecting payments until sometime in 2024. So it doesn’t start paying double until the second auction from now, because we’re still working on the 19 auction just yet for the 2024 energy years, the 2021 auction. So New Jersey has a little bit of time and in conversations with staff, we believe and we’re hearing from staff that they also believe that they may not need legislation to go forward with an FRR. Now 100% certain but I do think that there will be adequate time for New Jersey to avoid double paying for capacity 2024 it won’t be a walk in the park.
Praful Mehta: Got it, fair enough. I’ll get back in queue guys. Lots more questions, but thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. Good morning, team.
Dan Cregg: Good morning, Julien
Ralph Izzo: How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, excellent. So let me turn the subject to a slightly different more utility-oriented subject. The E&P talked at least a little bit about transmission returns. I’d be curious to get your latest thoughts on New Jersey specific dynamics. Obviously, you already alluded to in your prepared remarks to an ISO situation. And specifically with a New Jersey, do you think that there’s a potential to file like a 205 to get ahead of any kind of process in New Jersey? Or how do you see this playing out, if at all? Curious on your reaction there.
Ralph Izzo: So I don’t know how to predict whether or not there’ll be a 205 at all, Julien, I mean, we’ve often talked about a 206. And there, there is a high threshold for someone who files a 206. I think we have to do a better job here quite candidly reminding people of the enormous value of our transmission investments over the years, right. If I take you back to August of 2003, when the grid was very different in its structure and how much more improved that is now from a reliability point of view, we’ve literally reduced transmission outages by 300% I believe over that period of time. Once upon a time when there was low cost fuel for generators in the West, New Jersey faced prices with that $20 basis uplift in the east. And nowadays, the nature of that low cost fuel in the West has changed from coal to gas, but it’s lower cost fuel. In the West, New Jersey doesn’t have any natural gas and basis differentials now that have been positive 20 or negative 3, there’s been a bunch of advantages associated with transmission and we still have no shortage of 90 year old transmission assets that need to be replaced. Having said that, we are not likely to file a 205 to change our ROE, because we really don’t know what the FERC rules are going to be it is pretty clear to me that FERC as professionally as possible as assumingly possible basically said, oops, maybe we need to rethink what we did here. And I believe the Chairman himself and so that they are open to potentially rehearing this case. So, a 206 filing is extremely complicated. It takes many years, just take a look at what happened in New England, take a look at what happened in the Midwest. And that’s when people knew what the methodology was going to be. So now in the absence of a known methodology with that complexity, I think it’s not particularly beneficial to our customers or to us to begin to go in and talk to semis, what those rules might be in the form of a 205 filing. So I’m proud of every dollar we spent on transmission and the customer benefits we’ve delivered and as soon as FERC get the rule straight and maybe we can have an intelligent conversation with our regulators and our customers about what is a fair return. But right now the market seems to have anticipated every bit and then some so.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Indeed. And then if I may, just to follow-up on the sort of bridging the two conversations in power and utility, obviously pressure across the market and then also potentially a slowing utility growth trajectory even on the margin. How do you think about the Power business again, strategically as you think about dividends and cash flow required back into the utility again, trying to bridge that financing conversation against both sides of this business?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, okay. So –
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: In light of the latest asset sale too.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah. So first of all that remember because of the delay in CEF combined with the 6% growth in rate base, which was part of a 17% growth in utility earnings. Yeah, we do lower the bottom end of our rate base growth to 6.5%, but I would take issue with the slowing utility growth, I think that we are very mindful of customer bills and the impact and the customer value creation associated with the type of investments we are making, right? We’re not here to just grow the rate base, we’re here to reward shareholders by doing better things for customers. And so that’s 6.5% to 8%, I would still say is not only robust, but at the risk of being a little bit. But it’s real. So let me just leave it at that since that is describing it, and so 6.5% of programs that and things that we know and 8% is if we get some part of CEF and with the BPU saying, please bring in an AMI or modify your AMI proposal, I think it’s safe to assume that some part of CEF both the EE and AMI will be approved. Now, in terms of Power to your – to the heart of your question, I just, sorry, Julien but I just want to take issue with some of the assumptions behind the question. You know, we’re making progress. We’ve sold Keystone and Conemaugh because that made sense. We’re selling Yards Creek because that makes sense. Right now we’re not selling best line, because it seems that we can get more value out of it than the market was willing to pay for it. And utilities can be almost 80% of our earnings, this year it was 90% of our capital deployed in that direction in the next five years. So the cash flow from Power is an attractive way to fund utility operations. The debt capacity of Power is an attractive way for us to fund the equity component of the utility and we’ll keep doing that. But as people come forward and say, we can make better use of that asset fill in the blank if what that asset is, then, we’re more than happy to have a conversation and those conversations take place all the time. And sometimes they’re fruitful and other times we realize people are just trying to say something that’s quite valuable at a discount price and we’re not going to let them do that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, thank you guys.
Dan Cregg: And I think, Julien, you know, the only other thing to add really is, if you think about it, we have talked for a long time about a growing base of rate base is going to trend towards the potential for a lower growth rate off of that because of the higher base. And that’s a little bit about what you see from the standpoint of the range that we have put out. In addition to the fact, if you think about some of the clauses that are in place related to GSMP, related to Energy Strong of five-year run rates, which run through 2023. The five-year plan that we talk about now runs through 2024. So remember, the low end of the range is what we know as a person is moving forward. And so a fall off one year within our five-year forecast from the standpoint of what is approved. And we’ve also talked about there’s a lot of gas pipe, cast iron pipe that’s out there that has a longer run rate from the standpoint of being able to move through all that to eliminate all the methane leaks that come from that. So I think some consistency with that that’s not approved as yet into 2024 is approved through 2023. So you see some drop off on the lower end of that range for that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi guys.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Jonathan.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Jonathan. Good to hear from you.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you. Likewise. Just a quick on the CapEx updated slide. I just was curious, in 2023 there’s obviously a big increase in the orange segment, the electric distribution is. Can you just remind us as what in that, is the AMI in there or is that sort of still up in the green hashed out ZECs?
Dan Cregg: No, Jonathan, I think there’s a maybe two things that you can think about a little bit from that perspective. One is the fact that it and I just referenced Energy Strong and GSMT and there’s usually some of what we called stipulated base within the overall spend that is there and that spend can tend to lag a little bit across the five-year period of the clauses that we have. So to the extent that the stipulated base comes through, towards the end of those programs, you may see some of that come through. And usually there’s a little bit of capital that have been – capital add or as we move towards the rate case here just based upon ultimately pulling capital together. So those are the two things that would come to mind related to –
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. As I look, the orange and blue that’s 23 particularly had really, really increased the law versus what he was showing us just recently.
Ralph Izzo: An AMI is above in the crosshatch reason, Jonathan for this month.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, so that’s not what’s driving it. And then just to generally when I try to design the numbers underlying with slide was that, you know, a slight rule. But it seems that you’re spending through like the 2023 is probably out $0.5 billion, maybe a little more and, but the rate base is more or less pending up in the same place in the same place. Like on base with that observation or –
Ralph Izzo: With respect to – I’m not quite sure, I fully follow this question.
Jonathan Arnold: Just as you look at what your slide implies in terms of 2023 kind of timeframe, rebase. You know, although you’ve had all this moving around on the CapEx, it looks like it adds up in more or less the same place, I just want to make sure I’m right about that.
Dan Cregg: 2023 ends up in the same place as well.
Jonathan Arnold: It was before.
Ralph Izzo: We’ll have that comparison.
Jonathan Arnold: You’re saying that as compared to –
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I mean – let me rephrase, how your 2023 vintage type of rate base forecast changed very much in aggregate. Once you put all this together.
Dan Cregg: I think from the lower end of the range, I would say now, and what you’re seeing on the top end of the range basically is inclusive of both the CEF potential as well as the IIT potential. So we can we can pull our slide rules together and kind of look through what’s there.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay –
Dan Cregg: You’re basically looking at what was a 7% to 8% increase off of ‘19 versus a 6.5% at the lower end off of ‘20. And you’re seeing a 6% increase year-over-year. So net-net, that just becomes math.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And the destination does seem to be kind of not that different –
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I think that’s fair, Jon. I don’t think it’s that different –
Jonathan Arnold: Okay.
Dan Cregg: And I think the dependency of CEF is a part of that, that’s been – what’s been the biggest part of our range and remains that way, because we are still in progress with respect to those filings.
Jonathan Arnold: Perfect. And then just one other thing. What was the goodwill impairment at Power that you took in the quarter?
Dan Cregg: Oh, Jonathan that was from any years ago, when we acquired a location in New York which ultimately became the Bethlehem Energy Center and we built that. So I’m going to guess a couple of years to build that it might have been in the 2001-2002 timeframe, something like that. We acquired a site of the Albany Steam station from Niagara Mohawk. And at the time of that acquisition, there was some goodwill that came on the books and that goes through an annual impairment test. And that was impaired as we went through this year. It was a fairly modest amount, but ultimately, it was just that accounting test as –
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. But it wasn’t sort of a not one of your core asset?
Dan Cregg: Yeah, non-cash and relatively small math.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you.
Dan Cregg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Just a quick question on the transmission CapEx embedded in the five-year outlook. I’m just curious, how much clarity do you have at this point in time on 21 and 22 transmission CapEx levels?
Dan Cregg: I would answer generally is a very high degree. If you think about a lot of those projects, they end up being multiyear projects. And so a lot of that spend is not awaiting approval in those years. It’s more related to spend on projects that have a longer-term runway.
Michael Lapides: Okay, and the only reason why I asked that question is historically, if you go back over time, when y’all put out a five-year forecast of transmission spend, what the actual spend in years three through five were versus what the forecasts were a couple of years earlier turned out to be vastly different numbers. I’m just curious before looking at something where there could be a significant uptick relative to what we’re seeing on Slide 19 in terms of expected transmission spend, especially since the rollover seems to be occurring really next year in ’21, normally it’s kind of years three through five when you guys have forecast that out.
Ralph Izzo: So, Mike, I mean, I think you could – rest assured that we’re putting out there the best of our knowledge right now. We have said in the past that some of the larger projects, which tended to make the future a little bit lumpier so to speak as new projects were approved. Those large projects are not in the forecast. We don’t envision any, I mean, we never say never depending on what PJM does with the RTEP. Much of the transmission improvements now our end of life projects and 69 kV upgrade projects. So the Susquehanna-Roseland type projects, the Northeast Corridor projects, which could take something that was at x and make it much bigger than x as it gets approved are not likely to show up in the near-term.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one follow-on, I just want to make sure, can you remind me what happens now on the AMI process? Is that spin that’s approved? Is that spin that’s part of the ongoing dockets on the CEF that needs to get approved? And what I, you know, and if it’s a separate part of that, when does that kind of roll in? Is that just part of the energy cloud docket?
Ralph Izzo: Yep. So the BPU lifted the moratorium said okay, based upon some work that was done at brought from electric and independent consultant for this makes sense, we should do this statewide. So they put forth a procedural schedule, which would – if it were fully litigated in its outcome, based on our experience that would wrap up sometime in Q1 of next year. And I said to utilities, okay, please submit your filing, you could do it under the rubric of the infrastructure improvement program, which you may recall was passed in December of 18th. Since we already have a filing in, we don’t need to write a new filing. So we’re going to simply take the AMI component of our CEF, the energy cloud components, and make sure it doesn’t need to be tweaked in any way and pilot under the infrastructure improvement clause recovery mechanism. So I would think I would hope that we’d have a very strong opportunity to come to a negotiated settlement on that since everybody recognizes the value of AMI and since the recovery mechanism in the IIT is pretty well documented and has been used extensively. So maybe this is something we can actually get done this year. But we’ll see.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And last question. Can you remind me on energy efficiency spin that PSE&G. How was that treated from an earnings perspective?
Ralph Izzo: Right base rate of return. And we’ve had a mechanism in all of our prior programs which continues in this case, it will recover, we have the opportunity to recover the lost revenue through an administrative fee that is set in a way that allows us to run the programs and have the opportunity if we run them efficiently to recover that as that lost revenue –
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciated, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How’re you doing?
Dan Cregg: Good.
Ralph Izzo: Paul, how are you?
Paul Patterson: Just really quickly, is there any reason to think that I mean, that there be a significant difference between the PJM’s ACR values versus the IMMs?
Ralph Izzo: There’s nothing that jumps out at us. Paul, they don’t always agree as you know on either policy or other analyses, but there’s nothing that jumps out of this at this moment right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to the FRR, if that’s the route that’s taken, how should we think about the amount of capacity that New Jersey would be procuring, I guess. And, you know, how it would be selected, I guess?
Ralph Izzo: That’s really to be determined that. We would want to work with the state to make sure that reliability concerns are met with that the state doesn’t oversupply itself and therefore pay more people than it needs to, but that all needs to be determined.
Dan Cregg: I guess they would provide information to PJM to ensure that they have actually met the requirements that they need to meet. So you can, I think you can think about the concept of needing to meet the reliability is being consistent with PJM from the standpoint of what kind of a credit you would give two particular types of units like a solar unit wouldn’t get a megawatt for megawatts credit, because it’s not the dispatchable that but I think that the details are to be determined.
Paul Patterson: So it will basically one would normally think that it would be basically the PJM rules for capacity and what have you, and what their – what the goal is for reserve margin for PJM? Is that how we should probably think about it or –
Ralph Izzo: That’s the way I think about it, Paul, because, you know, clearly, you want to avoid the free rider case, because New Jersey is not going to sever its interconnections to the rest of PJM. And if and we’re not suggesting this, but a New Jersey designed an FRR, that created greater opportunities for reliability concerns in New Jersey to be backstopped by the rest of PJM. But the New Jersey’s to pay for it. That does not seem to be fair. But yes, I mean, I think that we all know that PJM right now has reserved margins that exceed its stated requirements. And presumably, if New Jersey just follow the PJM FRR requirements, that would be more akin to what they’ve traditionally said in the 16% range, not in the 20% plus range and that’s why I think there ought to be concerned about the residual markets.
Paul Patterson: Absolutely. Okay. Thanks so much.
Carlotta Chan: Tiffany, we’ll take a final question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: Hi morning. It’s actually Constantine here for Shah.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Constantine.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Constantine.
Constantine Lednev: Just a quick on what kind of slipping from distribution to transmission to generation move fairly frequently. But just high level when we’re thinking about kind of the clean energy future programs and advanced metering kind of energy efficiency opportunities. With kind of this update that you’re potentially thinking about, how does that kind of translate into opportunity? And I’m just thinking in aggregate that you have about 2.3 million customers and what’s kind of an efficient rate of what you think you would deploy AMI and how to think about the trajectory overall?
Ralph Izzo: So that the annual rate, I don’t have committed to memory, Constantine, but, you know, the $2.5 billion for energy efficiency was over to six years. And we are convinced that we can deploy that. Right now we have the authority to commit $111 million over the next six months that will all get spent in six months, that we pre-committed based upon the demand for our programs, I’m pretty confident – I’m very confident of that. The AMI estimate we’ve made is about $500 million to $600 million investment and that’s for 2 million electric customers. Our gas system is a fairly extensive amount of a drive by reading capability and on electric vehicles and storage, that’s the one that really is just a question of what is the regulatory appetite and enthusiasm. The state has a 600 megawatt battery storage goal for 2021, which is clearly is not going to hit. And we’re just proposing $100 million for 30 megawatts. So as the state wants to really aggressively pursue that 2021 target, we could do a lot more. And in electric vehicles are similar question of what is the appetite we proposed the $100 million program for a variety of different charging station infrastructure deployments. So in the aggregate if you add those numbers up, it’s $3.5 billion over six years with the EE being at single biggest piece and the AMI probably being a little bit more of the backend loaded piece as it once you get the approval and then are doing the deployment.
Dan Cregg: Yeah, the deployment is going to run a few years by the time you roll it out everything. I think a couple of unique aspects of the AMI is that, it certainly feels more like an all or none scenario, you’re not going to do every third house with AMI, it’s going to – you’re really going to roll out AMI you’re not. So it’s got a more of a binary aspect to it. And to do that full rollout is going to take, I don’t, maybe three or four years or so depending upon the pace. So it’ll take a little while to work through at all.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, that’s very helpful. And just one quick follow-up on kind of offshore wind and the timing and kind of opportunities going forward. Kind of have you made the commitment or is there a timeline for making a commitment with Orsted and how are you positioning for any kind of future RFPs New Jersey or otherwise?
Ralph Izzo: So we have not made the commitment yet. We do need to resolve that by the third quarter of this year, I think both we endorse that would like to see that sooner rather than later, but we don’t want to do that in the absence of being fully comfortable that our due diligence is complete. And we have retained ownership of another site that is a residual from our prior partnership with deep water win, which was acquired by Orsted, and that site has access really, I think to three states to Maryland, Delaware and New Jersey in terms of future solicitation.
Constantine Lednev: I mean, that’s very helpful. And any way that you’re thinking about kind of partnerships and structures going forward or is it a little too early to tell?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I mean, those discussions are underway with Orsted and I’d rather not have it a lengthy public conversation about that until we resolve that without our future partner.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Mr. Izzo and Mr. Cregg, that is all the time we have for questions. Please continue with your presentation or your closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, so thank you for joining us today. And we will be on the road, the balance of next week and a few days after that. So we’d be more than happy to have to meet with folks and have further conversations. I know that there’s a little bit of a – there’s a fair amount to talk about in terms of the FERC Loper and the future of the regulatory decisions, but I must admit that we are encouraged by some of the things that have happened in New Jersey of late. You may recall the white paper on utility role and energy efficiency that came at the end of last year, the Energy Master Plan has come out, we are seeing procedural schedules for all aspects of our CEF filing and we do have an extension of $111 million for just the next six months. So I’d say that, of course, we’re never satisfied with pace, but we are directionally satisfied with the dialogue and the substance of our continued growth of the utility in ways that benefit the customers. So look forward to seeing you on the road. And thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 22:36:33) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Sylvia and I will be your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Public Service Enterprise Group's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, October 31, 2019 and will be available for telephone replay, beginning at 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Standard Time on Friday, November 8, 2019. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's third quarter 2019 earnings release attachments and slides, detailing operating results by company are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA which differ from net income as reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of these financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings material. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us this morning. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2019 of $0.98 per share versus $0.95 per share in last year's third quarter. Our GAAP results for the third quarter were $0.79 per share compared with $0.81 per share in the last year's third quarter. Our results for the third quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the year-to-date to $2.64 per share compared with $2.56 per share for the first nine months of 2018. That is up 3%. Regulated operations are on track to contribute approximately 75% of total op earnings for the year, and reflect PSE&G's ongoing investment in New Jersey's energy infrastructure. Slide 6 and Slide 7, summarize the results for 2019's third quarter and year-to-date. In September, the New Jersey, Board of Public Utilities and I'll refer to them as the BPU approved PSE&G's Energy Strong II settlement authorizing continued investment in electric and gas system reliability and resiliency improvements, over the next four years. We expect to begin the first of these projects in the current quarter, which will continue the important economic engine associated with PSE&G's investments in New Jersey's energy infrastructure. We continue to eagerly pursue PSE&G's Clean Energy Future filings to bring the benefits of energy efficiency, electric vehicles, energy storage and Advanced Metering Infrastructure or AMI, at scale, to our entire customer base which is consistent with Governor Murphy's clean energy goals.
Daniel Cregg: Excellent. Thank you, Ralph and good morning everyone. As Ralph mentioned, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2019 of $0.98 per share versus $0.95 per share in last year's third quarter. We've provided you with information on slide 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings, by business for the quarter and slides 12 and 14 contain waterfall charts that will take you through the net changes in non-GAAP operating earnings, by major business, for the comparable quarter and year-to-date periods versus the prior year. And now, I'll review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G as shown on Slide 11 reported net income for the third quarter of 2019 of $0.68 per share, compared with $0.54 per share for the third quarter of 2018. For the first nine months of the year, net income was $1.92 per share up 18% from $1.63 per share earned in 2018. PSE&G's third quarter results were driven by expanded investments in transmission, the settlement of the 2018 distribution rate review, and changes to our pension plan that took effect on July 1 that lowers pension expense during the second half of 2019. PSE&Gs growth in transmission investment added $0.06 per share to quarter-over-quarter net Income comparisons, including a $0.01 per share positive adjustment for an estimate of the 2019 year-end true up. Electric margin was $0.03 higher than the year ago quarter, driven by rate relief, and higher weather normalized volume. And gas margin was $0.03 higher than the prior year quarter, driven by rate relief. Weather was lower by $0.01 per share, compared to the significantly warmer summer experienced in 2018. An increase in depreciation and interest expense of a $0.01 per share each, related to PSE&G's expanded capital base, reduced net income comparisons versus the prior year's third quarter. Lower O&M expense was a $0.01 per share favorable comparison, and changes to post retirement benefit or OPEB expenses as well as the split of the pension plan associated with re-measurement of pension expense, effective July 1 at a combined $0.03 per share positive impact on net income compared to the year ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter, recorded based upon the average annual effective tax rate resulted in a positive $0.01 per share impact, and this effect is just timing between quarters, it's related to the flowback of excess deferred taxes and it will reverse in the fourth quarter. The New Jersey economy continues to experience positive growth evidenced by the low state unemployment rate in the last 20 years. PSE&G reached a 2019 system peak of 9,753 megawatts this past July, compared to 2018 system peak of 9,978 megawatts.
Operator:  Your first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please proceed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, a couple of questions, first off, just strategically, if you could address some of the media articles out there would be curious on how you think about the fate of the Power business, and I know you - typical practice isn't to talk about media articles per se, but I'm curious how you think about it strategically, some of the assets there in the future and to any extent that you do evaluate assets, how do you think about paying down debt versus reinvesting back in the business, as evidenced by potentially some of this offshore wind investment - or at least some of the inaugural investment?
Ralph Izzo: Well, on the fate of the Power business, Julien, I think it's going to be around a while, I'm sorry, I don't mean to flip, but it seems like electricity is still highly regarded in value and used by people and we have a really strong bleed from the point of view of proximity to load, and environmental signature. So, I think we're quite happy with its cash flow generation and its overall operational performance. We're always open to the suggestion that others may be able to extract greater value from our assets than we can, and when that's the case, they come talk to us and they suggest commercial terms that we find interesting, and that's kind of what's happened with Keystone/Conemaugh as you're well aware. But, I'm not quite sure how else to respond to your question. I mean, we've got a good fleet. They run well, they're financially sound, they're operationally sound and we're always open to commercial discussions with others about whether we can maximize the value or they can maximize the value. Dan, you can help me out here.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I mean if there is a specific article that you're referencing Julien, we're not recognizing exactly what it is, but I think Ralph has kind of laid it out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Or perhaps, if I can frame it this way, should we be thinking about more asset sales, following on your first asset sale this quarter with respect to the - with respect to the interest in Key/Con.
Ralph Izzo: As we've said in the past, Julien, we always are active in the market. We both look to purchase and look to engage with others, although candidly, we have made a net zero pledge that said, we will not be building or expanding our fossil fleet in any way that we can envision at this point in time. But, yeah, we're always engaged in commercial discussions with interested parties. I mean that doesn't change.
Ralph Izzo: Okay, all right, well, let's move on then just quickly, if I could pivot to the other side. On offshore wind, if you will, how do you think about the stake versus being involved more narrowly in the transmission side of this business. It seems like potentially a little bit of a pivot in terms of where you all want to be involved. But, without the details on our side, how do you think about the risk profile of the decision to be involved, sort of outright ownership interest?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, we've looked at this industry, as best we can and estimates are that there is a potential for up to 80 gigawatts of offshore wind developable along the Eastern United States, and that's a number that comes out of I believe an EIA or NOAA, I forgot exactly which. And there has been an announced desire to develop about 35 gigawatts, so there is a potential for growth in this industry. We're not experienced in building offshore wind and we have a full year ahead of us in terms of due diligence and further analysis to do. It does appear Julien that you're right, that one cannot completely extricate themselves from the risk associated with the timing of the construction. But, it's conceivable still that one could protect oneself from the cost associated with the construction. So, we're learning as we go along how to balance that risk of the total project versus the components. But yeah, you're not going to be able to build a wire to know where and get paid for it. That is an option that isn't available to us. Maybe it's available to others, but I don't think that's the case. So, we're trying to learn in a measured way in an industry that we think is going to continue to grow, and we're pretty proud of the person that is willing to help us learn and do some of the teaching. I mean, they are a world leader in offshore wind projects, and we think we know this part of the country, fairly well from a permitting point of view, from a market point of view. From a workforce point of view and various other characteristics that matter a lot to a project like this.
Daniel Cregg: Yeah. And I think Julien, Ralph referenced in his prepared remarks that there are skills that we can bring to this kind of a project, but obviously they are not - all of the skills that are needed for this project. So, I think that for that reason you see an interest in potentially partnering, I think certainly that's the case, if you think about the existing solicitation at Orsted 1 from a New Jersey standpoint that all of that is linked. And, as we step forward to the extent that, that things are done on a more differentiated basis, there may be more transmission specific oriented work that, that could come from.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta from Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta: So, maybe just a little bit more on the offshore wind side. I just wanted to understand the nature of the agreement. So, is the 25% ownership reflective of your investment into the transmission or is that a upfront payment of 25% to get the 25% and then subsequently, there will be cash outflow to invest in the transmission side. Just, if you could give us any color you can on how that option that you have right now. How will that actually play out?
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I think the way to think about it Praful is that the solicitation that New Jersey did represented the project as a whole. What I mean by that - it would represent the turbines at sea, it would represent the substation at sea, the line in between and substation on land. So, all of those are an indistinguishable project that is - it was put forth to New Jersey and was awarded to Orsted. So the interest would be an interest in that project, what we still have in front of us is the advanced due diligence and the partnership structuring with respect to that type of an investment.
Praful Mehta: So, you're paying an upfront 25% something - to get the 25%, and then as a partner you would put in money to kind of build out that project, as approved?
Daniel Cregg: No. What we have is an opportunity over the ensuing number of months and Ralph referenced roughly a year's period to make a determination, whether or not an interest in 25% of the project is something that we would want to do. So, that's currently what we are exploring, but it would be a - the 25% is not anything immediate, it is more about what the ultimate interest in the project could become.
Praful Mehta: And then just on the generation side, I know. Ralph, you mentioned, everything is going great, but if you just look at from a - like for example 2021 curve's perspective, your hedging for the baseload generation is down about $4 a megawatt hour versus last quarter's disclosure. Capacity factors are down and clearly markets are challenging. So, just wanted to understand, given you've been in this business for so long and these assets for so long, is there anything different that needs to be done to kind of better deal with the current market situation; like more retail or anything else that you think would help or is the current plan and this current quarter is more of a blip than anything else?
Ralph Izzo: So, that's fair Praful. I didn't mean to suggest it's going great. I meant to - what I meant to say is that we're still in a business that is essential and has natural customer segment, namely the whole population and the particular assets that we're putting to that business are quite strong in terms of where I think, our future is headed as a collective society, let me be more specific. We tried retail, we couldn't get the scale and the profitability that we wanted; we gave it a good effort for 1.5 years to two-years and stepped away from that. Clearly, something we need is resolution of the PJM capacity market. If reliability is going to continue to be served from the point of supply, then FERC has to do something other than, say, the current PJM RPM, is not just reasonable. They have to have to replace that with rules and hopefully they will replace with the rules that meet the two objectives they've set forth; namely to eliminate price oppression and number two, to allow states to access the resources that they want to. Another thing that needs to happen is that we need to get a recognition for the attributes of different power plants the society appears to value, but the market doesn't price in. The one that's most glaring is carbon. I think if we can do one or both of those things, then our fleet is extremely well positioned; in the meantime, it continues to generate some healthy positive cash flows for the utility to make use of, but if somebody else can make better use of them, we're willing to listen. Until that time, we're quite happy to run these good assets and await further progress in price formation, further progress on capacity markets and further progress on the pricing of carbon. But, your observations are spot on. I did not mean to suggest that spark side expanded, and that everything was fixed in wholesale power market design.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore. Please proceed.
Greg Gordon: Two questions. Not to beat a dead horse on the power side of the house. The willingness to enter into negotiation with Orsted, to take a position in the project itself, feels like a bit of an evolution of your thinking in that - correct me, if I'm wrong and I may be wrong. The last time we talked about this publicly, you had said that your interests would lie, primarily and mainly in building the infrastructure to support that kind of investment and that you weren't primarily interested in taking direct equity interest in offshore wind. So, can you talk about the evolution of your thinking there, and do you think that, that could be given the quantum of the size of the potential market that you just quoted - a bigger part of your strategic vision going forward, and then I'll switch over to the utility side.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So Greg, I think it is fair to say there has been some evolution. I don't know that I would characterize it the way you did, but it definitely is fair to say there's been some evolution. The evolution really is the recognition that whatever skills one brings to the table, and there, there's been no evolution about what our skills are in terms of this particular project. It is an integrated whole. And the project doesn't stand - it doesn't meet its own financial expectations if one side successfully brings their skills to the table, and the other side doesn't, and what's most challenging of course is, how do you extricate yourself from the schedule risk, for example. I mean, there may be ways, and we'll explore them every year to protect oneself from cost risk, but at the end of the day if Orsted builds transmission - if we build transmission online, but turbines aren't there on time, then how on earth does the project succeed and vice versa. If the wind turbine is out there on time and we don't build transmission line on time, how do they get paid? So, these relative risks and returns are all part of the calculation going forward a year from now. But yes, it is fair to say that as we've had further discussions and grown in confidence in the skills and ability of our partner to do this and do this well, that we've been a little bit more open-minded about overall project risk and what that means for us..
Greg Gordon: My second question is, can you just take us into a little more detail on the adjustment you have made on pension, and why now and how that flows to the bottom line - the accretion level that you've articulated?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Kind of simple in concept, I think Greg. What we did without changing any of the benefits within the pension - a split of the pension among the different participants, enabled a little bit of volatility to come off of the overall expense, and that all being what it is - one outcropping of that was that, that process during the year - and it was a mid-year this year - prompted a remeasurement. And so, if you think about what year-end looked like from the standpoint of overall returns and what it looked like from a market recovery, more generally that remeasurement ended up in kind of a recognition within the overall components of the pension of the fact that markets had come back a little bit, and so that prompted an uptick from the standpoint of overall P&L impact or a reduction of expense increase of income in total from the pension standpoint. So, it's really nothing more than the overall management of the pension, in general, but the outcropping of that was a remeasurement which prompted a lift because market prices had come back from where they were at the turn of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Turnure from JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: I was wondering, if you can give us a update on the Energy Master Plan finalization coming up pretty soon here. Just, where are maybe stakeholder discussions around this and kind of what the impact might be on the CEF and Energy Efficiency finalization next year?
Ralph Izzo: So Chris, as far as we know, we're still expecting a year end conclusion to the master plan. I'm going to stick with what's been publicly reported, because I think that's A, what we're allowed to say, and B, probably all we know. There has been some debate over the future of continued use of fossil fuels. There is a desire to decrease that as soon as greatly as possible, but there is a recognition that fossil fuels in particular, natural gas play a very important role in heating and various other users in the state. And therefore, given the housing infrastructure and the building infrastructure, that would not immediately lend itself to moving away from natural gas. One has to be reasonable about its continued use. So, it was I think just last week that the BPU announced the details for a public review of the plan, and there they did repeat that it would be available by the end of the year. There's been a little bit of discussion around how aggressive the state should be in encouraging electric vehicles, and there seems to be some enthusiasm for that. But, every draft we've seen continues to espouse the importance of nuclear, and which is important to us. I think those are the issues at a high level that matter and that we've been paying careful attention to.
Christopher Turnure: And, I mean clearly, the governor has stated his position on the PennEast pipeline which you're no longer a part of but is I guess more broadly, the debate in New York State on gas availability having an impact on the discussions or the Energy Master Plan so far?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, I think that, that conversation in general is not quite a specific in New Jersey as in New York when it comes to permitting of specific projects and the ability to hook up customers. But that general topic of continued reliance on fossil fuels has made its way into New Jersey Energy Master Plan, not in this immediate timeframe, is my interpretation, given what we're witnessing in New York versus what we're witnessing in New Jersey.
Christopher Turnure: And then, my second question is just a follow-up on the offshore wind announcement from the other day. It looks like you had an option to have exclusive negotiations, why did you kind of have to do this now, if you have a year to make a final decision or just what was the impetus behind coming out now as opposed to kind of keeping things going on in the background?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, the option to have exclusive negotiations required that we decide whether or not we wanted to preserve that option for an exclusive negotiations for this next phase, so we chose. I know, it's a little strange, yes indeed it does select an option for an option, but that we had - and we exercised that option at this point, we have an option to participate where there's no third option through option, through option. I'm just stuttering there, I'm actually articulating something accurately, believe it or not, still frightening.
Christopher Turnure: And with that you had to specify the 25%.
Ralph Izzo: No, that was - we had an option, once you specify, we could have gone higher than that, but we chose to focus on entering this space in a more measured way, at this point.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. Thanks for the color Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: And Chris that obviously, I mean as we learn more about the space, that number can be different, right. I mean we'll keep getting educated.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, just a couple of follow-ups on the prior questions, just first on the 21, on the power hedges. Looked like, it was a bit more of a pronounced downward move in the hedges versus what you guys disclosed in the second quarter, and you only kind of modestly increased your hedges. Course in Sparks had some strength this quarter for Cal 21. So, I'm kind of curious what drove the downward move, which looks to be a little bit more pronounced than what the dictate markets, as you think about second and third quarter. Is there any other regional dynamics that we should be thinking about?
Daniel Cregg: I mean, I think one thing to think about Shahriar, is to the extent that low deals are a bigger part of what's included there, you're going to see some of those costs end up coming through because they are offset within the revenue mix. So, we tend to see a little bit of an uptick, as we go through BGS which is one of the biggest load contracts that we have, and then as we go through the year, you'll see a little bit more of a decline, so it's a little bit of a sawtooth from that perspective, and that's maybe what you're seeing there.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then, just on asset sales and Dan, specifically there has been reports around Bethlehem Energy Center and sort of you marketing the assets, so I'm kind of curious is there any updates there? Can you confirm that? And then it's your only asset left in New York, so sort of how you're thinking about that exposure?
Daniel Cregg: I think, you're right. And I think that with your follow on to the question, actually you captured some of that concept as well. It's just a single asset in that area. So, years ago, there was thought processes around maybe expanding a little further, that did not happen. So, we are out and really checking value with respect to that, it is a situation where we will go through the process and make a determination as to whether or not we want to do something based upon what we see coming out of that process.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, got it. Thanks helpful.
Ralph Izzo: Shahriar, as Dan was referring to earlier about, we're always engaged in commercial conversations, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there is any sort of requirement or commitment or decision that's been made on these assets.
Shahriar Pourreza: That's helpful, and thanks just want to be a little bit more specific. And then just lastly, around sort of the offshore wind ventures and I know you're taking sort of a proof of concept kind of dipping your toes in the water, no pun intended. But, there has been some sort of negative dialog from rating agencies, we've seen some downward movement in ratings with some of your peers and certainly around the New England region who have taken a much bigger role in this process. So, I'm kind of curious how the conversations are going with the rating agencies, especially as you start to take the step - a little bit more forward, as proof of concept starts to kick in there, and eventually we potentially could take a bigger piece, whether it's transmission or what have you? I'm curious, if there is any dialog right now, you've had with the rating agencies and if there is any concerns coming from their end?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Shah, what I would say about that is that obviously - clearly we understand that aspect of what you're talking about from the standpoint of current exposure, as described by Ralph; where we are right now is in a situation where we will continue the dialog into the next number of months and into next year to make a determination as to what the ultimate path is going to be. So, there is awareness, that this is a possibility for us to make that investment. There is an understanding as to the nature of the magnitude - relative nature, relative magnitude of the investment and it falls into the broader category of where we are in total, and where we come from, from the standpoint of financial strength as well. So, it's not something that we're blind to, we're aware of and as are the rating agencies, but that's part of our overall diligence, as we go through the next year or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller: I liked your options on options on options, I have a follow on follow-on and follow-on, on the offshore wind here. The 25% - I'm wondering how you're thinking about that as a percentage of the project or as a dollar amount? What are your thoughts there? Why not, leave it more open to a 10% or 50% and what's the capital at risk that you think about?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, that percentage is based upon the agreement, we have with Orsted and suffice to say, Travis that we've done some financial analysis that has a total project cost expectation built in and therefore a related return, and if during the course of the next year, we find out that the project - that the 25% dollar value that we expected isn't what the project is promising, then we have the option to not participate at all. So, those terms are still being negotiated with Orsted. But yes, we do have some expectations of what that 25% amounts to in dollars and cents, and we'll spend a year making sure that those expectations are as solid as they can possibly be, and that there isn't some other realities that would cause us to basically walk away. We don't anticipate that, we're in good faith and with a fair amount of work done already, but a lot more to be done.
Travis Miller: And then, when you think about that amount of capital that you would put into offshore wind, how do you think about that in terms of bucketing return on capital across the two businesses here? The utility, in terms of returns versus putting more capital into the utility versus returns relative to, say, buying back stock or other kind of corporate level or even Power?
Ralph Izzo: So, our philosophy on that hasn't changed. We view share repurchase as value neutral that unless there is a dislocation in the market that the market is accurate, and therefore one, is not creating or destroying value and if the market is out of whack then you might be able to create value, if you purchase at the right time. And then we apply cost of capital to the regulated operations, which is lower than the cost of capital through the unregulated operations. This would be an unregulated operation, so therefore, we have a higher hurdle rate that we subject ourselves too because of the greater risk. When we compare it to Power business writ large, I would say that we are trading off merchant risk for some operational risk. We just don't know the offshore wind business as well as we know, the nuclear business and the combined cycle business, but we like the contract that Orsted has received from the State of New Jersey. It's actually a regulatory order, and we like their experience base. So, we are comfortable enough at this point to enter into this option agreement that says that trade off of commercial risk versus operational risk with this partner is worth taking, and over the course of next year, we have to turn that into even greater comfort as a result of the diligence that needs to be done. But yes, that was a lengthy speech, but the answer is, the return expectations on offshore wind would exceed the return expectations of the utility. Having said that, we are still very much committed to the utility, representing over 90% of our capital deployment over the next five years. And Dan and the finance team have done a great job of making sure that all of these things are possible, within the investment potential of the enterprise.
Travis Miller: And just real quick on the utility side. I know, you guys just got through obviously a big rate case. But, given the spending plan and what's on the table in terms of Energy Master Plan, other possible - separate outside of general rate case, what is your thinking on timing of a general rate case?
Ralph Izzo: So, we have a requirement to go and buy in five years from our GSMP which is 2023 is what we would have - December of 2023 I think. So, we've got four more years before we need to worry about that.
Travis Miller: And nothing before that?
Ralph Izzo: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: I have a question about transmission; in the last couple of months, we've been seeing, FERC put out a few orders trying to expand I guess competition or voice concern about competition out being in the specific areas of transmission development, and also PJM I think put a cost containment filing, not that long ago, that I think you guys have actually filed some stuff, and I'm just thinking when you look at these actions, how do you think about the potential impact on you guys, if it's possible, I know the variety of orders. I mean, I'm not asking for any granularity or I guess, but what the potential impact might be in terms of transmission development from your perspective, if these things come to pass as I guess initially filed?
Ralph Izzo: So, I think what you're referring to Paul is an attempt by others and maybe even FERC to breathe some life into FERC Order 1000, which I have been an outspoken critic of, in terms of the tremendous cost and administrative burden, it has imposed upon customers, in exchange for a very, very little benefit in terms of creative and valuable solutions to transmission reliability issues. What I will say today is what we said when FERC Order 1000 first came out, which is to the extent, it potentially introduces competition to our own service territory and projects that we would embark upon, then we would make ourselves available to other territories, where we will be allowed to compete. Now, as long as that is indeed a level playing field across RTOs, I kind of like our skillsets and our ability to compete to the extent that other RTOs don't make it as open a playing field as perhaps PJM might, then that will be an issue, we'd have to raise at FERC and get fixed. Having said, all of that, I still believe that FERC Order 1000 was a solution in search of a problem, and has created more problems than it has done anything else. So, we will continue to try to point that out to FERC through actual cases, where administrative costs and burdens have exceeded overall project costs, in certain jurisdictions and this notion is just - FERC would be far better off spending its time figuring out how to fix wholesale power markets than trying to fix something that isn't broken, namely transmission construction.
Paul Patterson: I hear you there. Any sense as to how some of these might - or is it just I guess too early to say maybe how some of these things might fall out, do you think?
Ralph Izzo: I think it's too early to say, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Ralph, very basic question. First of all, how are you thinking about, now that you're a few quarters behind the rate case or anyhow after the rate case, how are you thinking about the impact of regulatory lag in the coming years, and whether you think rate based growth and earnings growth at PSE&G will move in lockstep?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So remember Michael, I think it's about 90% - I forget the exact number, but I will know by the time I get to EI, I'll do some more studying of our - the CapEx does get contemporaneous return at the risk of - in modesty, actually - there's no modesty, I am going to boast about our employees, they do a great job of controlling O&M. So the EMEC load growth we have is enough to help us combat about the regulatory lag associated with the 10% that doesn't get contemporaneous return. It isn't enough to make up for all of it, and our clauses do have some back-end CapEx that does not get clause recovery, but candidly, it is back end and closer to the rate case test year. So, we always have the ability to file for rate sooner, if we needed to, if the lag became too much. But, believe me all hands on deck are focused on earning our allowed return and quite candidly, Dave Daly and the team at the utility are doing a darn good job of making that happen. So...
Daniel Cregg: And Michael, the other thing to remember as well is that the transmission side of the business has a formula rate filing, which is through contemporaneous as well.
Michael Lapides: Right. And can you remind us, what is the formula rate increase in transmission for 2020 - starting in January 2020? What's the dollar amount for that?
Daniel Cregg: Aggregate amount, I think was in approximately the $300 million number. It's a year-over-year jump that's a little bit bigger than the norm, because if you think about the last year, there was some particular tax flow backs, which are not there. So, from a year-over-year standpoint, that's a little bit higher than the norm, because of the absence of that giveback, which will conclude at the end of this year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So roughly $300 million step up from 2019 to 2020?
Daniel Cregg: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Fremont from Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: If you were not to take an equity interest in the offshore wind project, can you give us an idea of how much capital spending would be involved to connect up the project on your side?
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, I don't think any analysis has been done yet on what the land impacts are of the project. It is suffice to say the generator lead which is a transmission like - it's not FERC-regulated, it doesn't get a rate base treatment would be much bigger than any kind of on land adjustments that need to be made. And, it's probably not unreasonable to assume that, given that this lead would connect into someone else's service territory that the RTEP type of impact in our area would not be something that - materially change our capital budget.
Paul Fremont: And then, I guess I just wanted to follow up on something that you mentioned earlier the net-zero pledge, we shouldn't assume, for instance for Keystone and Conemaugh that you're looking to replace that capacity and if you were to dispose of let's say Bethlehem, you wouldn't be looking to sort of replace that, or would you?
Ralph Izzo: No. I'm not 100% sure I understood your question, but I think the answer there is no.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. In fact, almost the opposite of what we've said is that we would not be acquiring fossil driven generation. So, that would imply that replacing those would not happen.
Paul Patterson: I just wanted to sort of make sure that I understood what you meant by that. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: I just wanted to go real quick, back to the offshore wind and if you were to take a 25% stake in that project, I'm presuming there would be a sizable chunk of cash involved, eventually as an investment. So, how should we think about your CapEx plan evolving and when would we get updates on that, as well as, how you plan to fund it as far as debt and equity mix et cetera?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Sophie, I think the way to think about that, as we've been talking about a timeframe over the next number of months and for the year, to make an ultimate determination is to the investment that we may make, and I think that's the right time frame to think about some of those incremental details.
Sophie Karp: So, you took down there - at some point, on the Energy Strong II decision, you took down a little bit your CapEx plan, and so, is that fair to say that you have some headroom there versus your original plan, maybe that you contemplated at the Analyst Day?
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I think that's a fair way to think it.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Mr. Cregg, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks everyone for joining us. Lots of questions about offshore wind, I guess that wasn't a big surprise. But, the real message we want to make sure we leave you with is that, we continue with just extremely steady performance where we're on track to deliver on everything we've told you about, earlier in the year and have been telling you about for many years. Customer sat is solid, we're preserving our financial strength. This is giving us the opportunity to pursue some expanded clean energy future opportunities, and those are everything from the Clean Energy Future filing that is still very much alive of being discussed with the BPU and offshore wind, which we've now exercised the option to pursue an option. So, that's really where we want to leave you. Wish you all a Happy Halloween. Have a safe and enjoyable holiday, and we look forward to seeing you in about 10 days in Florida. Thanks everyone for joining us on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Maria, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 30, 2019, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on August 8, 2019. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. 
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Maria. Good morning, and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's second quarter 2019 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and the disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's earnings materials. I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us. PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2019 of $0.58 per share versus $0.64 per share in last year's second quarter. PSEG's GAAP results for the second quarter were $0.30 per share compared with $0.53 per share in last year's second quarter.  Our results for the second quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2019 to $1.66 per share. This is a 3.1% increase over non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.61 per share for the first half of 2018 and reflects the growing contribution from our regulated operations. Earnings at PSE&G reflects the benefits of our continued investment in New Jersey's energy infrastructure and rate relief from the 2018 settlement of our distribution rate review. Slide 6 and 7 summarize the results for the quarter and the first half of 2019. We've had a constructive quarter with respect to several regulatory and policy matters that will advance our long-term strategy on several fronts. PSE&G has reached an agreement, in principle, with key parties in the Energy Strong II Infrastructure filing that will enable the continuation of increasing the resiliency and improving the reliability of critical energy infrastructure in New Jersey. PSE&G is working with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities staff with Rate Counsel and other parties on finalizing a stipulation of settlement, which we will then submit to the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities for approval in September. 
Daniel Cregg: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2019 of $0.58 per share versus $0.64 per share in last year's second quarter. We've provided you with information on Slide 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter, and Slide 12 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business.  And I'll now review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G, as shown on Slide 16, reported net income to the second quarter of 2019 of $0.45 per share compared with $0.46 per share for the second quarter of 2018. For the first half of the year, net income was $1.24 per share, up 13.8% from $1.09 earned in the first half of 2018. PSE&G's results were driven by rate relief and investments in transmission and distribution, offset by the reversal of the lower tax rate in the first quarter that resulted from the flowback to customers of excess deferred income taxes and by unfavorable weather that resulted in lower electric demand. As a reminder, we mentioned on the first quarter call that a positive P&L impact of the effective tax rate reflected in last quarter's earnings would largely reverse in this second quarter. 
Operator: . Our first question is from Praful Mehta of Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: So I guess the big move between last quarter and this quarter has been power prices in your power markets. So wanted to get a little bit more perspective on what you think has been the big driver that's driving this drop in pricing? And do you see this as more structural? Or do you see this as more onetime or short-term in nature?
Ralph Izzo: Praful, so hard to answer that question, and we've heard everything that ranges from a move on the part of certain active participants in the market to fix a position issue that they had to the fact that there's no doubt that we are seeing limitations to the amount of infrastructure that can move gas to this region, and therefore, the potential for an oversupply of natural gas prices, keeping prices low, which is a continuation of the pattern we've seen over the past few years, right?  So you have new construction, low gas prices and that combines to low power prices in this market, and we see a little bit of relief in terms of the construction of pipeline capacity outside of our immediate region. That, of course, could, over the long term, give some support to gas prices in the region, which will help our nuclear plants. We still don't have the compliance filing from PJM on fast-start. That may help, but in theory, the forward price curve should have anticipated that already. I think given the level of candidly slow movement at FERC on things that range from capacity markets to the operating reserve demand curve, the market probably isn't pricing a lot in for some of these reforms. So yes. So I think our answer is it's certainly not a temporary operation. There are some developments taking place in the market that are a combination of low gas, highly efficient combined cycle gas turbines that are creating a lower new normal. Whether or not $26 round-the-clock is the new normal, we're skeptical, but as is always the case, we run the company in accordance with the markets predicting and not any other point of view.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's super helpful color. In that context then, does that change how you strategically look at the generation business in terms of like the whole spinoff and separation that at one time was on the table? Does that change your view in any way? Or is that still kind of keep the businesses together is still the focus?
Ralph Izzo: No. So I think you can judge that question's answer by our actions, right? So you've seen us move on some "non-core assets." So we're pruning ourselves at Keystone, Conemaugh. You've seen us make sure that to the extent that we operate fossil units, we have a heat rate that's competitive and now with the addition of these three units, we're at a heat rate of just over 7,000 BTUs per kWh, even though the marginal heat rate in the area is closer to 9,000 or 10,000.  And the nuclear plants are really going to continue to operate as long as the state values those attributes. They are not in the money assets from a current market design, and it's only recognition of their carbon value that creates them as a viable market participant. So with all of that said, 90% of our investment is going to the utility and the ability of Power to generate a fairly healthy cash flow allows us to operate the combined entity without the need for any new equity. But however, you will see us continue to look at non-core assets the way we're looking at Keystone and Conemaugh.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just on the stepdown of ES II from sort of what you've asked was, is there any sort of programs that were negotiated down? And curious if anything was eliminated or simply pushed out. And you're right in your prepared remarks the program is definitely comparable, but it seems like the prior program, ES I, supported more closely to the top end of your range, your prior range. So just trying to figure out what the delta is.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. It's a good question. So the headline number of people reporting is light of what they expected and I respect that, it certainly is the case. But there are several things you have to look at beyond the headline number. First of all, we thought the program would be a five year program and as we've reported, this program is now scheduled to sunset at the end of 2020 surely. Secondly, the ask was for $1.5 billion in electric over that five year period, and we were granted $740 million of electric up until 2023. So that, depending on how you want to look at things, is at least 50% of the ask.  The big difference was really some policy daylight between us and the staff, and I'm going to defend the staff and defend ourselves at the same time at the risk of sounding hypocritical. We have seen, given the increased demand for natural gas in our region, electric generation is gas driven, residential customers are seeking more natural gas that whenever, and it's rare fortunately, but whenever there are issues with the interstate pipeline system is that we run into some operational challenges in terms of supplying natural gas to our customers. And candidly, there has been some fairly well-organized opposition to further construction of interstate pipelines into our region, right? So the new build that we're seeing in gas pipelines tends to be heading south of us much more than it is and directly into the Metropolitan New Jersey, New York region.  So we proposed a fairly large program that would deal with that issue, so that we would have a highly resilient gas distribution system and, candidly -- so we think that's a really good thing to do because even though we talk about lots of things around here, the number one thing our customers expect from us time and time again is reliability. Whether that's electric reliability or gas reliability, it's always reliability. And I think we proposed a very good program to enhance the reliability of our gas distribution system in the face of a limited new pipeline construction and the possibility of future operational challenges on the existing system.  And in light of all that the BPU staff believes they have on their hands in terms of demands on customer bills, not the least of which is our own gas system modernization program to replace an existing cast iron system and things like offshore wind and various other renewables targets that are included in solar expectations, they just did not have the appetite at this time to pay for what they do just more of an insurance program rather than a pressing operational correction such as Energy Strong II electric or gas system modernization.  So long-winded answer. Short answer is yes, there was a significant gas resiliency program that the staff simply did not want to do under a clause type recovery at this time, and that's understandable. We don't agree, but it's understandable.
Shahriar Pourreza: Right. And just one follow-up, Ralph. As -- one of the strongest attributes of this story has always been about Power shrinking but PSE&G is growing, right? So our earnings mix is improving, we're getting more regulated. So as you sort of start to think about your current range, right, at your utility, are there items that we should be thinking about that could be incremental to your growth, not items that can sort of extend the runway but be incremental, but you're not ready to embed it in your plan?
Ralph Izzo: Well. I feel like we're the only company with about 7.5% to 8.5% CAGR. We're growing fast, but I promised myself I wouldn't whine today and there I go, I'm going to catch it from this. No, look, one of the things that I'm sure you're interested in is that we have predicted a third quarter resolution of the Clean Energy Future filing and that's not a third quarter resolution anymore, right? We basically have a continuation of our programs which were over, so -- but that's not what that filing is about. I mean, whatever it is, $35 million a year program is not what we're trying to achieve there. And that is really a healthy, great conversation that we're having with people about where the state is heading, whether or not you put the cart before the horse. In this case, we think the cart is the Energy Master Plan and we were the horse and others think that the Energy Master Plan is the horse and our filing should be the cart. So don't look past that. I know that the future is what matters, but that is still a $3.5 billion filing that is a drop in the bucket from an electric vehicle point of view and from an energy efficiency point of view in terms of the overall market need.  Then there are other things, Shar, that we think about all the time and talk about all the time that we're just not ready to discuss publicly. I am not trying to create any false expectation there, but there are always other ideas that we have that would benefit the state of New Jersey and that relate to primarily electricity and the infrastructure needed to keep the state's economy and quality of life at an elevated level.  The number one gating function is not ideas, it is impact on the customer's bill, which is why you see us looking at a different part of the customer's share of wallet. And that's what's so important about the Clean Energy Future filing, is that we're going to ask customers to actually pay us less while we make more because we're going to be doing things for them that right now others do for them, and that's an important consideration.
Daniel Cregg: And I think the only thing I'd add, Shar, is just, if you think about the Governor's agenda, everything he is trying to do from a clean energy perspective, there's an awful lot of things that are out there that I think provide opportunities, but I also think it's a matter of working through all those things. And it's been a pretty heavy agenda to date, and I think that's going to continue, but part of that is what you're seeing with respect to letting the Energy Master Plan run its course through the balance of the year and working our way through the clean energy filing.
Shahriar Pourreza: Right. And I think that's one of the things that's being overlooked today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Agnieszka Storozynski: So I have a longer term question. So you mentioned that you are planning to operate your other conventional power plants over their useful life, which I understand as no plans to sell your gas plants. But the new gas plants are -- and actually existing ones as well, seem to be exposed to not only oversupply of natural gas but also offshore wind. You have this potential equity investment in offshore wind in New Jersey but even without that, it seems like the Northeastern New Jersey and Maryland as well likely will get additional offshore wind capacity. So how do you see that growth in offshore wind installations vis-à-vis your existing conventional gas plants?
Ralph Izzo: So Angie, I'm so glad you asked that question because that's an important clarification. I think if we had been more precise, we would have said that if we had retained our gas plants, then their natural evolution would've been an 80% reduction in carbon emissions by the year 2046. The only thing that is in our plans right now is to not acquire any new or build any new. We were not walking ourselves into the continued ownership of the gas plants for 2046. So that is a gap in our communication that I'm glad you exposed.  So the main thesis that we're trying to achieve here is to get an important seat at the table on what constitutes a net zero conversation by 2050. And there are two things that we think are really important. Number one, that there was a technology gap to getting to net zero as of today, and that technology gap needs to be fixed. And a way to fix that technology gap is by giving clear signals in the market that carbon matters, call that a national energy price, call that a PJM energy -- carbon price, call it what you want, but we think that the market has not unleashed its fully creative forces in the absence of that price. And we've got this fairly inefficient mechanism where people have ZECs and RECs and every other alphabet soup you can apply going on a state-by-state basis.  The second thing we want to expose is that we're going to greatly improve our carbon emission rate when we sell Keystone, Conemaugh. The planet doesn't care that we sell Keystone, Conemaugh. This planet is still going to run. So this notion of what is our carbon intensity is not necessarily going to strike at the physical reality that needs to be achieved in terms of carbon reduction emissions -- reductions. So all we were pointing out is if we just continue -- if we were to continue to run our gas plants as planned, then we would be 80% lower by 2046 than we are today. That does not mean that we will -- doesn't mean that we won't, but doesn't mean that we will retain all ownership of the plants before them. I don't know, Dan, if you want to add to that?
Daniel Cregg: No. I think that distinction is exactly right. It's not reflecting an early closure; it's reflecting running them through their useful life. But ownership, certainly just like Key/Con, certainly could change as we step through time.
Ralph Izzo: And despite the...
Agnieszka Storozynski: Just one follow-up. I understand, okay, so you're not trying to say that you will or won't retain the ownership, but I'm just thinking that does it play a role, that decision on the future ownership of these assets, into your decision on having an equity stake in that Ørsted project in New Jersey?
Ralph Izzo: So the Ørsted project in New Jersey, as you know, came about as a result of us having an early role in a predecessor company to Ørsted, where we owned an offshore land -- an offshore lease and that was acquired by Ørsted and given the state's commitment to build offshore wind, I think, somebody help me, is the contract price public? I think it is. Is it not?
Daniel Cregg: Yes.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. At $98.10 a share starting in 2024 installation per megawatt hour, we believe that's an economically viable project and want to participate in a way that matches our skill set. Having said that, I can't even begin to tell you what I would do to get a $98 per megawatt hour contract for our nuclear plants or our gas plants. I mean, it's at least 3x above market, and that's a decision the state has made. And it will, as you, correct, it will factor into probably the earlier-than-normally planned retirement of some inefficient gas units. But the absence of storage technology, the absence of demand-side management controls through advanced metering infrastructure necessitates the need for ongoing natural gas dispatchable power. And to the extent that those units become marginal units and don't realize any value in the energy markets, then the capacity market design will be instrumental to the reliability of the grid.  So these are challenges that we pay attention to every day, and we try to have good conversations, and we do, with PJM and with FERC and with the state. But yes, 3,500 megawatts of zero marginal cost, highly-subsidized offshore wind is going to have a negative effect on less efficient gas plants. There's no question about that, and we will be mindful of that in making all of our investment decisions going forward.
Daniel Cregg: But ownership potential within the offshore wind opportunity is not premised on ownership or lack thereof of gas plants onshore.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Turnure of JP Morgan.
Christopher Turnure: I was wondering if you guys can just give us any thoughts you might have on the next steps at FERC for PJM reform and any constraints on the commission or constraints that they might be thinking about that might make them want to act faster?
Ralph Izzo: Chris, sometimes, I wish that we could have 20% of the Q&A reserved for us to ask you folks questions because there are some mysteries that we would love to see unshrouded as well. I'm going to quote for you what I've heard quoted of Chairman Chatterjee that they are working on this every hour of every day, every day of the week and they understand the importance of it and they're not delaying the August auction. The August auction is already a four month delay from what should have been a May auction.  There is a point of view, I think, that is not unreasonable that says, okay, when you have four people, there's a chance for a two, two vote, when you have three, there's no such chance for a two, two vote. I guess, there's a chance for one, one, one vote, I don't know. And that perhaps, there is some philosophical logjam that can be broken now. I do believe there are comments recorded in the press so that was not the issue. So if it's resolved by middle of September, then I suspect that, that might have been the issue. If it takes longer than that, then I think it's this challenge that has been quoted coming out of the Chairman that on the one hand, how do you protect states' rights to choose and on the other hand how do you allow regional market to operate efficiently. We're of the point of view that the market wasn't broken to begin with, but if you want to fix it, the best route that we've seen is the current PJM proposal. But that was a really long-winded way of saying you really have no clue what's going on there right now other than what has publicly been revealed.
Daniel Cregg: Chris, maybe just to add to that. It has been a very long time since they have ruled. They have had a proposal in front of them for a long -- in front of them for a long time, and yet, when you read the order there, the words and especially some of the consenting opinions reflected some urgency, yet we haven't seen anything. So I think the potential breaking of a logjam, I mean, having an odd number of commissioners manned up helping, and I think that from folks we've talked to, it seems that maybe something in September. If you marry up that urgency with the fact that nothing has happened to date, some thing has got to change and maybe just going through an odd number of commissioners will get us there. But I think there's more speculation than knowledge right now, and we'll wait to see what happens.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. I appreciate the commentary there on a difficult question. And then certainly I think, both of you have talked a lot about the Energy Master Plan and the potential settlement agreements around gas investment and what this all means for the future of the state. But just a little bit more tactically, as the negotiations continue until a final version here, do you have a sense of kind of where parties stand and what direction that final version might head versus the draft?
Ralph Izzo: Chris, unfortunately, those negotiations are confidential. I think it's not a breach of confidentiality to realize that New Jersey is one of the few states that does not have decoupling on the electric side, and we recommended a mechanism to achieve that and then this is a much, much bigger program, literally in order of magnitude bigger than anything we've done in the past. However, everything we've done in the past has been received with accolades and tremendous support. So I don't think I want to get into anymore detail than that, given the importance of respecting the confidentiality of what's been discussed around the table.
Daniel Cregg: But on the EMP, in particular, there is a series of six hearings that are scheduled related to the EMP and I think some of those are, I want to say, August 8 and another one into September. So there will be two hearings on each of those days where you can at least get a sense as to where all the parties are coming out. But from a timing perspective, year-end for conclusion of that EMP is what's anticipated.
Christopher Turnure: I guess, kind of, so far, no major pushback to speak of when it comes to the anti-gas direction that the EMP is going at.
Ralph Izzo: From a Clean Energy Future filing? I'm confused. I'm sorry, Chris, I'm not grasping the full...
Christopher Turnure: So I was referring more just to the Energy Master Plan and the finalization of that and kind of the direction that, that's going to go in versus the draft.
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no. One should not construe the decision on our Energy Strong II filings as having anything to do with whether or not natural gas pipelines into the state are problematic for Clean Energy Future. I think, if anything, you can just look at GSMP II to realize that the importance of making sure that our current distribution system is not leaking and is in fact operating well as a recognition of the -- certainly the near-term, near-term being next few decades, importance of natural gas.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Gregory Gordon: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was just hoping maybe we can go back over the numbers on the proposed settlement on Energy Strong and be clear on sort of like an apples-to-apples basis where that proposed settlement is versus what the initial ask was? And then also, given the -- when is it that we now think the more rational expectation is of getting a Clean Energy Future decision? Is that now is going to, I guess, be sequenced behind the Energy Master Plan filing, so that was just your whole cart-horse, horse-cart question?
Ralph Izzo: That's right. Correct.
Gregory Gordon: And so how do we think about the timing of that and what milestone should we be looking at to get a sense of where we end up?
Ralph Izzo: Okay. So let's do Energy Strong II first. To recall, we filed a $2.5 billion program over five years. Typically, these programs take about one year to resolve, so we are close to that one year mark coming up. And that request was $1.5 billion on electric and $1 billion on natural gas. And what we received was a program that we expect to see approved in September of this year, that will only run until December of '23 and of the $1.5 billion in electric, $741 million of that was approved. But importantly, just about every program that was asked for was approved, just not the dollar amount. So the prudency of the programs, I think, we feel really good about.  Conversely on the natural gas component, of the $1 billion that was requested, most of that, about $800 million of that was for this notion of resiliency of the distribution system. Basically more interconnections between our distribution pipes. And the -- then there was about $200 million in reinforcing some of our measurement, metering and regulating stations. And half of that smaller piece was approved, $100 million. So electric $740 million out of $1.5 billion; gas, $100 million out of $1 billion. A December '23 end date versus a five year program. And that ends up yielding an annual run rate that's about 10% less than the annual run rate of Energy Strong I.  On Clean Energy Future, the Energy Master Plan is scheduled to be finalized this December, end of the year, and a draft was issued already and the stakeholder hearings are already scheduled. So there should be no reason why the board can't complete that work by the end of the year. And then you may recall that the Clean Energy Act of May of 2018 had a requirement that rules be promulgated on the energy efficiency programs within a year, so we're late there. That year lapsed three months ago. So we are understanding of the full range of issues on the BPU staff plate, so we are expecting resolution of our filing early in 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller of Morningstar.
Travis Miller: If I can go back real quick to that whole net zero concept and the vision there. I'm just wondering, one, does net zero means zero, such that by that -- through that vision, you wouldn't have any fossil fuel in your fleet at least? And then to more of the visionary aspect, do those plants even exist? Even if you don't own them, do you think they exist in a market where in an environment where we see a lot of the region going to kind of this idea of zero by 2050?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Travis, so I apologize for repeating perhaps something I said before. One of the reasons why we made that commitment is because we want to engage actively in the discussion around net zero, because there is nobody who owns the definition of net zero. Typically, it refers to generation and the reason why the word net is inserted is that if you are still emitting carbon but you then come up with a way to extract carbon from the atmosphere, then your net effect is zero, right? So you're putting a ton of carbon into the air and you extract it by planting trees or coming up with some method to extract carbon dioxide and dissolving it in the ocean or something of that sort. That's typically what people refer to.  We think that, that is not what -- is not the full breadth of what matters to the planet. And you used a great example just a second ago, right? So if we won accolades for reducing our carbon footprint, but all we've done is sell the plant to somebody else who is still running it, the planet doesn't care about that. By same token, if we get approval of a multi-billion dollar clean energy filing and people use less energy, we don't get credit for that, we think we should. If we electrify transportation, we don't get credit for that, we think we should.  So we're just trying to remind people that the subject is complicated and never lose sight of what problem it is you're trying to solve whenever you engage in these policy discussions because sometimes we forget what problem we're trying to solve and we do crazy things like put production tax credits in place that produce negative marginal cost and put pressure on nuclear plants to retire. So there is no unique ownership of the term net zero, but typically speaking, nowadays, it refers to both the simultaneous production and removal of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
Travis Miller: Okay. Yes, that's clear. So you do think there is a place for fossil fuel and the net zero or this is, kind of, zero-ish concept?
Ralph Izzo: No, no. That's right. We do. I mean, carbon capture and storage would allow for fossil fuels to continue to operate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides:  Conemaugh sale deal, view that as accretive or dilutive or kind of neutral to EPS?
Daniel Cregg: I think you cut out there in the beginning, but I think your question was, is the Keystone, Conemaugh sale accretive or dilutive. I think for '19, it doesn't really move the needle at all. And as we step forward, we would see some mild benefit.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And just trying to kind of think to the puts and takes of that, how material is the O&M and kind of what's the book value that you had prior to the write down? I'm just trying to think about backing out O&M and D&A, just to kind of think about the accretion impact of this?
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I don't think we've had a separate disclosure of the O&M, but the book value was on the order of about $400 million or so.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Prior to the write down. Okay. And then one last thing. When you think about you need potential portfolio additions, including offshore wind, do you look at it and say, hey, we'd like to have a controlling position or we'd like to have an operating position, just given your history as a pretty strong operator of plants? Or are you willing to be a minority owner?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. We're definitely willing to be a minority owner, it's something that's new to us, where we don't have that operating experience.
Operator: And Mr. Izzo and Mr. Cregg, at this time, we do not have any time for any further questions. I will turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Maria. So thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I know that Dan and Carlotta and I have a bunch of plans to be on the road to visit with many of you, and we look forward to that. And we hope you enjoy the rest of the summer. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by my name is Cristal and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday May 2, 2019 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2:00 PM Eastern today, until 11:30 PM Eastern on May 10, 2019. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Cristal. Good morning and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG’s first quarter 2019 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by the company are posted on our website at investor.pseg.com and our 10-Q will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and are included in today's our earnings release. I would now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. [Operator Instructions].
Ralph Izzo: Thank you Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us. Earlier today PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2019 of $1.08 per share versus $0.97 per share in last year's first quarter. Our GAAP results for the first quarter were $1.38 per share compared with a $1.10 per share in the last year's first quarter, thereby demonstrating the growing contribution from our regulated operations as well as solid operating results from both businesses. Details on the results for the quarter can be found on Slide 6 of the earnings presentation. These results reflect the benefits from our continued investments in New Jersey energy infrastructure and a full quarter of new rates based upon PSE&G’s 2018 distribution rate case settlements. At PSEG, we continue to align our business objectives with New Jersey's energy and environmental policy goal. As a reminder, over the coming five years, PSE&G plans to invest approximately $11 billion to $16 billion on programs which are expected to provide annual rate based growth of 7% to 9% starting from 2018 year-end base of approximately $19 billion. In addition to investments that improve electric system reliability and resiliency. We recently began the second phase of the $1.9 billion gas system modernization program that will replace approximately 875 miles of gas lines over the next five years and make other improvements to reduce methane leaks and ensure critical energy infrastructure that’s available to support New Jersey's economy. Turning to operations, the first quarter of 2019 had slightly colder temperatures in comparison to the first quarter of 2018. At PSEG Power, total generating output increased by 11% over Q1 2018, driven mainly by the additions of Keys and Sewaren 7 in mid-2018 which have added the Power’s increasingly efficient and clean fleet allowing us to reliably supply the market with flexible dispatchable generation. Our fleet of nuclear generating plants also performed well in the quarter, evidenced by a 98% capacity factor. Notably Salem 1 just completed its first ever uninterrupted operating run between refueling outages, delivering a reliable source of carbon free energy in support of New Jersey's clean energy goals. As we recently celebrated Earth Week, I want to recognize that it was less than a year ago that New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy, signing two environmentally progressive bills into law, The Clean Energy Act and the Zero Emission Certificates program and the state has made much progress since then. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, the BPU was tasked with establishing and implementing the state's energy policy around the goals outlined in the Clean Energy act. These efforts include updating state's energy master plan by the end of this year, setting important targets for utilities to reduce energy usage. Developing the basis for New Jersey's first offshore wind solicitation for 1,100 megawatts in mid-2019, establishing a transition to a more cost effective approach for solar energy and carrying out the legislature's intent to preserve a major source of the state's carbon free electricity through the Zero Emission Certificates program. A vital step in reaching the state and Governor Murphy's clean energy goals. As you know, on April 18 the BPU commissioners voted to award Zero Emission Certificates and I'm going to start calling them ZEC, just simplicity, to all three of PSEG’s New Jersey nuclear power plants, Hope Creek, Salem 1 and Salem 2. The BPU order closely follows the legislation that established the ZEC program and Power began accruing the ZEC payments on April 18. This decision preserves over 90% of New Jersey's carbon free generation, saves thousands of direct and related jobs in Salem County and around the state prevents a significant rise in environmentally damaging air emissions, helps preserve fuel diversity and make no mistake, saves New Jersey electricity customers hundreds of millions of dollars and would have been even higher energy costs. Another way to keep bills as low as possible is by continuing to return the benefits of tax reforms of customers and there is good news on this front. PSE&G’s combined electric and gas residential customer bills are already 30% below where they were a decade ago and 40% lower when adjusted for insulation. In 2019 PSE&G will return an additional $380 million of tax reforms savings, primarily related to excess accumulated deferred income taxes in transmission and distribution rates. This is over and above the $262 million of annual rate reductions from the change to the corporate income tax rate from the 2017 federal tax act. These tax flow backs reduced customer bills as the utility continues to improve the reliability and resiliency of its T&D system, modernizing an aging infrastructure and advancing the state’s clean energy goals in a low interest rate environment. As I said, we continue to align our business objectives with New Jersey's energy and environmental policy goals. Our current capital spending plan and proposed investments in Clean Energy Future and Energy Strong II are perfect examples of that alignment. The second phase of Energy Strong will further strengthen and enhance the system reliability and resiliency and the energy efficiency portion of the Clean Energy Future filing, addresses the requirements in the Clean Energy Act to reduce electricity usage by 2% and natural gas usage by 0.75%. We consider our energy efficiency proposal to be the best and the most cost effective way to achieve the state's energy efficiency savings targets because that accomplishes these targets while limiting growth in the customer bill and providing broad-based access to such benefit. Both of these important proposals are being evaluated by the BPU and we expect to resolve them sometime during the third quarter. At Power, construction of Bridgeport Harbor is approaching completion and the anticipated mid-2019 service will add another highly efficient clean and dispatchable combined cycle gas turbine to Power’s fossil fleet. The Keys and Sewaren stations have continued to operate well since coming into service and drove a 63% increase in combined cycle output in Q1 2019. The completion of our 1, 800 megawatt combined cycle construction program will transform Power’s fossil fleet and bring in improvements of Power’s free cash flow generation as its ongoing capital needs decline. With respect to energy markets, FERC recently issued a ruling directing PJM and the New York ISO to change their fast-start tariff pricing practices, though they reflect the marginal cost of serving load. The FERC is directing PJM to make a series of tariff revisions to allow fast-start resources to set prices including restricting eligibility to fast-start resources that have a startup time of one hour or less and a minimum run time of one hour or less. PJM is required to make a compliance filing by July 31, along with tariff change information by August 30. FERC also directed the New York ISO to modify its pricing logic to a lot of the startup costs of fast-start resources to be reflected in prices. The New York ISO must make its compliance filing by year-end 2019 and implement the tariff changes by December 31 of next year 2020. We continue to watch the broader package of price sublimation reforms as they wind their way through the FERC’s process. An interim order expected from the FERC to reform the PJM capacity auction process toward a just a reasonable construct remains pending. If the PJM’s proposal was approved and with the receipt of ZEC, our New Jersey nuclear units, will undergo likely to subject to PJM’s revised Minimum Offer Price Rule or MOPR I'll refer to it. In the interim, PJM has proposed a two stage auction process and we continue to believe that either FERC suggested alternatives or the PJM approach can accommodate nuclear units receiving ZEC in the capacity auction process. As you know, PJM has asked FERC to approve holding 2022, 2023 RPM auction in August of this year based on existing rules. PSEG continues to participate in this case and we are awaiting further guidance and uncertainty from the FERC with respect to the auction. On a related note, on April 19, following the BPU’s ZEC decision, we withdrew our must offer exception filings and deactivation notices for the New Jersey nuclear units that we had submitted in compliance with the PJM auctions timeline. So given our first quarter results, we are affirming the full year forecast of PSEG’s non-GAAP operating earnings at $3.15 to $3.35 per share, at the midpoint of our guidance this represents over 4% growth in earnings over 2018’s full year non-GAAP results of $3.12 per share. At the midpoint of our guidance this represents over 4% growth in earnings over 2018 full year non-GAAP results of $3.12 per share. Higher contribution from regulated earnings at PSE&G which is approximately 75% is driving this increase in offsetting the challenging power market conditions. In addition, the benefit from a partial year of ZEC payments covering all three of our New Jersey nuclear plants has been reflected in our 2019 guidance. The focus and commitment of PSEG’s 13,000 employees to operational excellence supported our first quarter results and enables me to affirm our earnings guidance. I will now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph and good morning everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2019 of a $1.08 per share versus $0.97 per share in last year's first quarter. We provided you with information on Slide 10 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter and Slide 11 contains a waterfall that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. And then I'll walk through each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G as shown on Slide 13 reported net income for the first quarter of 2019 of $0.79 per share compared with $0.63 per share for the first quarter of 2018. PSE&G’s results were driven by a full quarter of new transmission and distribution rates in effect, a reduction in O&M expense, and a reduction in the utility’s effective tax rate to reflect the flow back of access deferred taxes to customers. PSE&G’s continued growth and Transmission investment headed $0.03 per share, quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons. PSE&G implemented $100 million annual increase in transmission revenue, under the company’s FERC-approved formula rate effective January 1, 2019. Transmission revenues are adjusted each year to reflect an update of the company's investment program for the coming year. Gas margin, which includes a full quarter of rates implemented from the 2018 distribution rate case settlement as well as the recovery of investments made under the Gas System Modernization Program, improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.08, which is magnified by the seasonally strong winter usage for the first quarter. Electric margin was a $0.01 per share higher than the first quarter of 2018, also the result of implementing new distribution base rates. Lower distribution O&M expense added $0.01 per share from the absence of four Nor’easters experienced in 2018’s first quarter. In addition, higher depreciation and interest expense, reflecting the utility’s expanded asset base, each reduced net income by $0.01 per share versus the first quarter of 2018. Non-operating pension and OPEB added $0.01 per share versus last year. A lower effective tax rate offset by other items had a positive $0.04 per share net income impact compared with the first quarter of 2018. The flow back of excess deferred taxes to customers, which reduces revenue as well as expense, will lower PSE&G’s effective tax rate and lower customer bills and the positive P&L impact of the tax rate reflected this quarter will largely reverse in the second quarter. Winter 2019 weather was 3% colder than 2018 and 2% colder than normal, but due to the gas weather-normalization clause, weather did not impact results compared with the first quarter of 2018. For the trailing 12-months ended March 31, weather-normalized electric sales were flat and weather-normalized firm gas sales were 3% higher, led by increased Commercial and Residential usage. Growth in the number of Residential customers continues to trend higher at about 1% per year. PSE&G’s capital program remains on schedule. PSE&G is expected to invest $2.7 billion in electric and gas infrastructure upgrades to its transmission and distribution facilities during 2019 to maintain reliability and increase resiliency. PSE&G continues to pursue its Energy Strong II infrastructure investment program before the BPU. Developed under the BPU’s Infrastructure Investment Program or IIP, Energy Strong II infrastructure plan outlines $2.5 billion of capital spend over the coming five years. And the pending Energy Efficiency component of PSE&G’s Clean Energy Future filing is also pending before the BPU. Designed to achieve the 2% electric and 0.75% gas energy savings goals outlined in 2018’s Clean Energy Act. And for PSE&G, we are maintaining our forecast of net income for 2019 of $1.2 billion to $1.230 billion. Now moving to Power. PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.29 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $304 million. This compares to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.33 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $313 million for the first quarter of 2018. And our non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense depreciation and amortization expense. The earnings release and Slide 17 provide you with detailed analysis of the items having impact on Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income quarter-over-quarter. And we've also provided you with more detail on Generation for the quarter on Slide 18. PSEG Power’s results for the first quarter reflecting increasing capacity revenue of $0.05 per share compared to the first quarter of 2018. Recontracting reduced results by $0.08 per share reflecting an approximate $0.03 per megawatt hour decline and the average hedge price compared to the year ago quarter. Volume increases versus the year-ago period added a $0.01 per share and gas operations were lower by $0.01 per share versus the year ago quarter. The absence of early Spring outages occurred in the first quarter of 2018 produce a favorable O&M comparison of a $0.01 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Higher depreciation and higher interest expense lowered net income comparisons by $0.04 per share versus the year-ago quarter. Taxes and other were a $0.02 per share benefit over the first quarter of last year. Gross margin in the first quarter declined to $31 per megawatt hour from $35 per megawatt hour in the year-ago quarter. Power prices were lower across PJM, New York and Maryland despite slightly cooler temperatures concentrated in February. The severity of weather this year did not pushed our prices higher as they did during the winter of 2018. Capacity revenues for the first five months of 2019 will be a positive comparison to the same period in 2018 and starting June 1, both PJM and ISO-New England capacity prices are scheduled to decline with the average price received scheduled to decline to $115 per megawatt in PJM and a $231 per megawatt day in ISO-New England. Coincident with the in-service date of Bridgeport Harbor 5, Power will begin to receive the $231 per megawatt day for the units 485 megawatt of capacity for seven years. Now let's turn to Power’s operations. Generation output increased compared with the first quarter of last year and output was driven by the addition of new combined cycle capacity. Power's gas-fired combined-cycle units produced 4.4 terawatt hours of output up 63% over the first quarter of last year with the addition of Keys and Sewaren. Lower spark spreads pressured realized margins as infrastructure build-out in the Marcellus shale region continues to erode Power’s gas cost advantage. Coal generated 1.4 terawatt hours, down slightly as a result of lower market demand in Connecticut. And Power’s nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 98% for the quarter, producing 8.2 terawatt hours of electricity representing 58% of the total generation of the fleet. Of note, Salem 1 strong performance was evidenced by its first ever continuous operating run between refueling outages going into its spring 2019 scheduled refueling. Salem 1 entered that refueling outage on April 12th during the scheduled inspection of the unit 832 reactor vessel bolts, it was determined that a higher number of bolts have degraded than originally projected. We anticipate replacing a total of 271 bolts during the current refueling outage, which is expected to extend the outage by about a month. We have the required tools materials onsite to complete the repairs. Some reactor vessel bolts were replaced at Salem 1 and Salem 2 in the past in 2016 and 2017 respectively during refueling outages at that time. And there was no impact at Hope Creek or Peach Bottom as the reactor vessel bolt issue really only affects pressurized water reactors. That said, Power continues to forecast output for the full year 2019 at 60 terawatt hours to 62 terawatt hours. For the remainder of 2019, Power has hedged 80% to 85% of total forecast production and an average price of $37 per megawatt hour. For 2020, power has hedged 50% to 55% of forecast production of 60 terawatt hours to 62 terawatt hours at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. For 2021 output is forecast to be 60 terawatt hours to 62 terawatt hours with 25% to 30% of forecast output hedged at an average price of $39 per megawatt hour. The forecast for 2019 to 2021 includes generation associated with the full year production contribution of 1300 megawatts of gas-fired combined cycle capacity at the Keys Energy Center in Maryland and Sewaren in New Jersey includes the mid-2019 operation of the 485 megawatts of gas-fired combined cycle unit at Bridgeport and the mid 2021 retirement of 383 megawatt Bridgeport Harbor coal-fired generating station. We continue to forecast Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings for 2019 and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA at $395 million to $460 million and at $1.30 billion to $1.130 billion respectively. I'll briefly address operating results from Enterprise and Other. For the first quarter, we reported net income of a $1 million versus net income of $5 million in the first quarter of last year and the net income in the first quarter reflects ongoing contributions from PSEG Long Island, partially offset by higher interest expense at the Parent. And the forecast for the year remains unchanged at $5 million to $10 million. PSEG closed the quarter with $65 million of cash on the balance sheet with debt at the end of March 31st representing 51% of our consolidated capital. Debt at PSEG Power represent 32% of its capital at the end of the quarter. Based on our strong balance sheet and credit metrics, we're able to fully fund our five year capital program without the need to issue equity. And at Enterprise, we continue to forecast non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of $3.15, $3.35 per share. That concludes my remarks and I'll turn the call back over to Ralph, and we will both take your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Cristal, I think we're ready for the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Constantine Lednev: Hi good morning. It's actually Constantine here for Shahriar How are you guys.
Dan Cregg: Hi Constantine.
Constantine Lednev: Just a quick one, on the walk for Power, you called out $0.01 of volume. Can you go a little behind that number? And talk about some of the power gas dynamics and the spreads because the volume generation is actually materially higher?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think if you take a look and we can talked a little bit during the prepared remarks on the call about some of the pressures with respect to the power markets in general and we laid out the overall impact that we saw from re-contracting both from $1 per megawatt hour as well as a $0.01 per share. So if you just take a look at kind of comparing volumetrically year-over-year and looking at the incremental volume and the incremental margin that's the clear vision of the $0.01 per share.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. And kind of one quick follow-up on the Slide 18 with the cost of gas for the generation, those seem to be up materially per unit. Is that just a factor of gas takeaway capacity that we're seeing?
Ralph Izzo: I think you are talking about the aggregate fuel costs?
Constantine Lednev: Yes.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. That's there is biggest difference there, really as the two new units coming in. So the bump up that you're seeing from Keys and Sewaren running is just giving you a much bigger aggregate gas burn for the quarter.
Constantine Lednev: I'm talking kind of per unit generation for the combined cycle. Does that seem to be also up a bit, as just the kind gas based dynamics?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. it’s a little bit of basis, but more broadly gas prices as well Constantine.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. And just one housekeeping item on the hedge percentages. The hedge percentage for 2021 was down a bit of the range by about 5%. Is that just a factor of kind of how the total generation output has been forecasted?
Dan Cregg: Yes, it's that as well as in the first quarter of every year, we have the BGS auction come through, by definition, taking on BGS and the size of the hedge all in one day ends up being a bigger impact in the aggregate. But there is some rebalancing as we work our way through that quarter, you're seeing a little bit of that. So it's not a material change to how we are doing anything, I think just as we walk through and when we see a bigger opportunity to hedge all in one day where BGS would do some balancing of that. I think that, coupled with the as we were working through that quarter and thinking about the potential for where our nuclear was pre-ZEC determination came into some of our thinking. So it's not a macro change and we're approaching things, I think it's just some nuances as we went through the quarter.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. And I have last quick one just to reiterate. You mentioned the CapEx plans are fully funded with no new equity and that includes the top-end of the range versus the 9% is that right?
Dan Cregg: Yes.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, thanks. That’s all from me.
Dan Cregg: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Hi Julien.
Dan Cregg: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps let's kick it off on the ZEC side of the equation. Just going back to process-related questions, how are you thinking about the BPU in addressing some of the thornier issues around the implementation of MOPR, basically how do you see the state moving forward and how you do see yourself processing, just any potential carve-outs that you might need with respect to the units now that you've been formally allocated to ZECs? And how do you see timeline to that playing out?
Ralph Izzo: So Julien, that's really good question, but it's tough one to answer, right. So until we know what approach FERC is going to take, we are really just engaged in [indiscernible] philosophical conversations. And I think the BPU commission is having a very clear answer to in terms of the value by virtue of their role. So the actual tactics that will be used to preserve the plants is really going to be a function of what FERC decides to do with RPM and we've talked in the past about some things that we've explored, whether it's BGS or possibly other message that we would take. I think the most important thing that we should take away from the events in the past few weeks because the state has plans to getting those plants online, where there are environmental benefits and weather issue.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Alright, fair enough. And I wanted to turn it back to the offshore side of the equation. I know there's a formal partnership with Orsted Deepwater at this point. But I wanted to understand just perhaps a little bit broader your participation in the state? Could you have relationships elsewhere amongst the other participants? And how do you think about potentially broadening out your involvement on the transmission side here? If there are other – indeed, other folks awarded projects or otherwise? I just want to make sure I understand. I understand that’s public award with Orsted but I just want to understand broadly your participation?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So a couple of things. So we do have an MoU with Orsted to provide energy management. The BPU at present is entertaining bids that are inclusive of transmission construction. They could decide in Phase II to do things differently than that, to separate the supply from the transmissions. And I think we've made it pretty clear that we don't believe we have the skills nor we're seeking to develop the skills to build the wind farm, but we think we have the skills to help with the transmission. So we would have some flexibility in subsequent rounds to help folks with their transmission needs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So basically, they won’t necessarily be exclusive of your partnership in the Phase II? They could predict that– that separate transmission piece could pertain to any potential development?
Ralph Izzo: Again, the answer to that is yes, provided the BPU decided to separate the supply from the transmission, which they have not decided to do. And we haven't taken a strong position on what's the better approach. It does appear that if you envision a long-term build-out offshore wind up and down the coast, then some comprehensive thinking of the transmission backbone is merited, but in the absence of that kind of coordinated effort, it really is a solicitation by solicitation decision that we'll have to respond to.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, excellent. Well, thank you very much. Best of luck, we will talk to.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning guys.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Can I just ask Ralph, I missed some of the quotes, of course you may be covered this, but just the recent delay with timing on the state’s Energy Master Plan update, do you have any battling on the regulatory process around your filings and just can you give us some context there?
Ralph Izzo: So answer is no, it does not. As you know, Jonathan, the Clean Energy Future, which is the one that's most specifically relevant to the targets and goals set by Governor Murphy, comes under our schedule that's determined by what we used to call the [indiscernible] I don't know if we can call that or not. But coincidently, I just read a newspaper article this morning with the Governor himself commented. So you're getting this third-hand, I'm just quoting news paper article I wasn't with the governor yesterday. The reason for the delay is he wants to make sure that everyone who wanted to participate in a stakeholder process had a chance to do so. So I think it's a combination of that, which is straight from the newspapers quote and the fact that the BPU has had a lot of work to do. I mean you've got the offshore wind solicitation, the first-time ever you have the ZEC process the first time ever and in the meantime they have to regulate the water companies, cable companies, install our environmental remediation, the filings and various other kind of routine business that is a tremendous workload for them. So at the risk of perhaps may be deviating a little bit from the prepared remarks, since a number one person in the state is just a lot of work going on down there at that level.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And so you have the filing for energy efficiency, but what's the timing on other pieces of CEF?
Ralph Izzo: So we don't have timing on that. And we just think discretion is a better part of valour, just given the workload down at the staff. We're just patiently waiting for that feedback on when they are ready to handle those other components. As you know, the EEPs, the energy efficient piece is $2.5 billion out of the $3.6 billion. So I just want to make sure we get that right before pressing on a couple of other components.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then, I guess, just is there any you like to share about what we should be at least conceptually expecting out of your Analyst Day at the end of the month?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Dan is going to upload in a moment, but you can expect to catch up on your sleep. No, I mean, you will bring up the data in detail, but it's really going to be where she goes. I mean, we're in really good trajectory, and I expect to stay in that trajectory and will just reaffirm that with some nice backup data and interesting stuff.
Dan Cregg: We will be serving breakfast Jonathan, so you can still come.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. I guess, there's some, just back to my other question, the BPU has obviously agonized over the FERC decision and this means there are quite a bit of public dialogue about pressure on rates. You've made your comments today, Ralph, about how rates would be higher, perhaps in the decision they make. Can you just sort of share any comments on sort of the general turn of the discussions from that decision?
Ralph Izzo: Sure. Look, I don't think it's – expressed on my part is to really extend congratulations to the BPU Commissioners. This was a really hard decision for two reasons, right. It's a decision that is a better for the state and the planet, but for all and those are always the toughest decisions. It's not like you're doing something that fixes a situation, you're doing something to avoid a problem. So they avoided $400 million in higher bills, they avoided 16 million tons of carbon, they avoided pounds and pounds of mercury and NOx, they avoided thousand jobs of lose. So that's a tough case to make. It's all based upon studies and analysis. Plus they did by raising the collection of revenues in the states rate pay of $300 million. No regulatory ever likes to do that because its two-thirds, which is excellent. So I think that was an incredibly courageous, but right decision for the State of New Jersey, and again, the risk of being dramatic for the planet. So that's the color you heard is that goodness gracious. But for doing this, things will be a lot worse, and I've got somehow – I as a regulator has not only step to make that decision but explain it to people, we are candidly more concerned whether the kids are doing their homework and whether the boss is giving them right time and whether or not the house needs a new roof and not exactly as customers immerse deeply in the nuances of carbon emissions from gas plants versus coal plants versus nuclear plants. So I'll just give them a ton of credit for doing the right thing. Especially [indiscernible] of the, candidly, some of the work that was done by the Levitan folks which I think was not the best work.
Dan Cregg: It’s Daniel, I think from our perspective on that front, if you think about and read through what was done, it seems to us they pretty clearly did not follow what was in the legislation itself. And there are particular elements of the legislation, the market risk, the operating risk that were part of the analysis in the legislation, but we're not part of the Levitan report that was pulled together. So we're scratching our head a little bit, and I think to Ralph's point, that the Commissioners looked at what was there and made the right choices to follow the legislation that was in place. And I think that reported from Levitan that pulled together and put in front of them. So I think they got to the right place and acknowledge that with some direct language within the order and I think that helped to set the record straight as well.
Jonathan Arnold: I appreciate the color, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Hi guys.
Dan Cregg: Hi Praful.
Praful Mehta: So one of the long-awaited fast-start reforms has come well, so I just wanted to check with you on that in terms of was it in line with the expectations? If the move in the curve fully priced in for this reform and did you kind of see the movement you expected? How do you kind of see this fast-start reform kind of playing out?
Ralph Izzo: Look Praful , we have heard, just like everyone else's that there was a debate between one and two hours. And whether it's priced in or isn't priced in, we don't know. What we only know is that we run our business based upon the forward price curve. And if I'm not mistaken, we have not seen much movement satisfying that could be a function of the fact that there's a bunch of implementation work yet to come. Or it could be a function of factor that was already priced then. But again, I don't mean to be vague. I just think we don't try to guess what the forward price curve has or hasn't factored, we just operate the business based on what it's telling us, that is available and in terms of purchasing and sales.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Understood. Makes Sense. I guess on the refueling outage on the nuclear, it sounded like there was an extension of that by about a month, just wanting to understand why no impact on the annual. Is there some way to kind of offset that impact of an extension of the refueling outage?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Praful. I think it's two pieces. One is the fact that when we're providing ranges of output, you're within that range. So if you think about one unit, one month and 57%, you come down to a number that absolutely fits within that range. Probably a smaller thing to think about is that we have generation that's not far from where this facility is. And maybe thinking about, if you look at the interaction of what happened when Oyster Creek retired and we looked at nuclear generation went down in the state and gas generation went up in the state. So there's probably some aspect where we'll end up seeing some of that generation get replaced and it could end up being some of our units. But I think the more way to think about it is just the fact that we're providing a generation range and the magnitude of the incremental days on the outage will easily fit within that range from where we were to where we'll be on the other side.
Praful Mehta: Got it. And that's helpful two-pronged color. And then I guess one final point, there seems to be a lot of generation assets pruning happening in terms of either rationalizing some assets, both buying and selling assets right now by a number of the other players in the space. How are you looking at the fleet? Is there an opportunity to rationalize anything or do you think, do you have the right kind of generation makes it this point? Just wanting to understand how you look at that?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. First of all, I like the environmental signature of the fleet and I liked the heat rate of the fossil units. But we're always willing to listen to people who were willing to offer an attractive price. So that's – I don't think we want to get into the acquisition or merger discussions of the phone. I mean, that's just personal comment in general. But I'd say in general, we like what we've done with our fleet in terms of its efficiency, its dispatchability and its environmental footprint. But we always think about what our core, what is in core and we talked about that as a board on a regular basis.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Well, thanks so much guys.
Ralph Izzo: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Yes. Hey guys, how's it going?
Ralph Izzo: Fine.
Michael Sullivan: Yes, my first question, I just wanted to circle back on what Jonathan was asking about a little bit earlier and may be put a finer point on it. Just curious, just given the commentary that was made at the BPU meeting itself on ZECs and then some of what we've seen at the state level posts that decision. Are you guys expecting any sort of reverberations, particularly as it relates to some of the filings on the regulated side that you have pending right now?
Ralph Izzo: No. What I would say on that, Michael, is that we always – we have been consistent. That's the investment needs are enormous. That the thing that we all have to be respectful of the impacts on the customer bill. And right now, we are 30% below where we were 10 years ago in our customer bill, 40% if you factor in inflation. So we're 40% below in real terms, 30% nominal terms and what we've committed to our customers and what we've committed to ourselves is to whether in programs using some combination of IIP or other clause mechanisms that keeps those rates fixed in real terms. That's rate bunch up and comes out kind of CPI level growth rate. And now the challenge is to do that at the same time that people's dependency on electricity is increasing and therefore their need for greater resiliency is increasing. And as the same time that some higher costs supply options are desired, carbon-free supply options, right? So I think the state and the BPU commission showed their strong commitment to a low carbon energy by doing what I would argue is the second cheapest way to reduce carbon by keeping existing nuclear plants alive but at a cost of $10 per megawatt hour. We are now in discussions with them on the cheapest way to reduce carbon. And that's for energy efficiency, which has a negative cost percent of carbon reduced. And then there'll be other things that we'll chat with them about in terms of being able to take energy efficiency to the next level through advanced metering. And then to really tackle the number one source of carbon in New Jersey, which is transportation, through helping to build an electric vehicle infrastructure. So the aspirations of there were all lined up from the government to the BPU to the company. It's doing that while respecting the customer bill that I think we're collectively trying to figure it out. So I think the merits of what we've proposed hasn't changed, the concern for the customer's bill hasn't changed. You just need to make sure that you place things in a way that respects all of those aspirations, to be mindful of the bill and to be mindful of the environmental justice.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Appreciate that. And just as a followup specifically as it relates to the pending Energy Strong II filing that you have any update on the settlement discussions front there and any sort of timeline that we should be looking at?
Ralph Izzo: I think that should be looking at confidential. Michael. So really – I mean, we are still in settlement discussions. I think I can go that far, but there were a lot surprises, that there were some other business that step in front of that for us then the staff and we're having to ask them to have settlement discussions while we're looking at three first time ever solicitations for offshore wind and, I mean, they are just so as we down there and there are so much work on their plate that we have to be respectful of that workload.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then just my last one, switching over to power. I think we got the PJM parameters for this year’s auction history. Just curious if at a high level, you guys had any thoughts on what the implications might be for your fleet.
Ralph Izzo: That’s tough to digest. You could see the total numbers basically said that there’s greatest transfer capability into PS North, PS Zone and Eastern Mac is less transfer capability into Mac. And not surprising demand was down across the board. So, we haven’t done our analysis yet on what we think that implies. And with all due respect, my belief is even after we do that analysis, we typically don’t tell anybody. So, we do get it right though. I hate to be such a jerk about it, but I sort of like, we know things that we can tell them. but at this point, we don’t even know things, so…
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] from Greg’s team. Hey, thank you for taking my question. I have a one quick question related to the power business. You noted that the realized spark spreads were pressured by rising gas prices. Can you please give us more color around this price dynamic? Is this something you think permanent or temporary in nature?
Ralph Izzo: I think I would punch him more towards the forward curves then than any place else. And that’s what we always do reference with you and that’s how we think about it as we look forward. The main thing I would tell you is that as you look forward, they are going to continue to change. So, I think we’ve seen some pressure right now and as we look out into the forward curve, we’ve seen a little bit of tightening with respect to sparks and we’ll continue to watch them. And I think supply demand and overall use including whether it looks like it’s going to have an impact as we stepped forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Real quick. Ralph, how are you? What does a big things you’re looking for? What do you think some of the bigger things that could emerge out of the energy master plan coming out late in the year?
Ralph Izzo: Well, for us, Michael, it would be the opening up of opportunities on the customer side of the meter. Whether that’s, energy efficiency, which we’ve clearly articulated, whether it’s electric vehicle infrastructure, whether it’s advanced metering infrastructure, which I guess is on the border. I don’t think, I’m not aware, at least of anyone who disputes our prudency and our thoughtfulness around the traditional investments we’ve made. Just going back to a second ago to the question that that was asked about what we expect out of RPM, I mean, whatnot for transmission investments, those transfer capability numbers would have been very different. So there’s huge consumer benefits to the transmission investments we’ve made and we all know about the benefits of the energy. Strong investments we’ve made in terms of lifting assets out of a flood prone areas. So, I think from my point of view of traditional infrastructure and resiliency and reliability, we’ve had a long history of very, very favorable feedback on how prudent we’ve gone about doing that. Well, we really are now trying to recognize the increased urgency around taking actions the preempt two degree seeing rise. Now, New Jersey is not alone, and we need more than New Jersey to act on this. But right now we have a very strong policy mindset this as we should do as much as we can and others will follow too. So out of the energy master plan, I’m looking for a reaffirmation of that commitment to environmental progressiveness that we’ve heard about, because we’re trying to lead the way on that front.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one question on utility side, just thinking about transmission spend, and I know you have really good line of sight when you think about transmission CapEx to the next year or so. How do you think about kind of year three and beyond whether there are any lumpy or large scale significant projects on the horizons like some of the ones you’ve done over the last three to five years or is it much more about lots and lots and lots of little bitty ones?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So it’s definitely more in the latter category. I think we’re, for the foreseeable future, past out peak transmission spend. Now the caveat you have to give for that as you know, is that the transmission is the first and last line of defense for the both Power systems reliability in the face of generation, construction and retirement decisions. And even though PJM does a good job of trying to allocate expenses associated with generator leads and things of that nature, the grid ultimately is a function of the physical proximity of supply to load. So barring some major, major changes in that dynamic, I think that you can safely assume we're in the mode of improving end-of-life facilities and maybe creating greater capability of our sub transmission and bringing it into the transmission domain. So it would be smaller project.
Michael Lapides: Got It. Thank you Ralph. Much appreciated.
Ralph Izzo: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Hi Travis.
Travis Miller: Just real quick. So, back of the offshore wind, if the BBU or any of the solicitation that they don't break out transmission, is that an area where you might be interested in JV or some other kind of partnership or you took on the transmission and other parts of that and left the partner to do the heavy lifting, so to speak?
Ralph Izzo: So right now Travis as we said, we have just an MoU with Orsted in Phase 1 and that’s for generic energy management services and we've been clear with everyone and with Orsted that we considered transmission to be part of that. In Phase 2, we would have some flexibility to work with others or to resume that relationship with Orsted. I wouldn't want to predetermine that that decision because we have a fair amount of work to do in Phase 1 just yet.
Travis Miller: Okay. And does the MoU specifically break out CapEx designation or is that just a general partnership?
Ralph Izzo: All we publicly disclose is that it allows us to offer energy management services to Orsted.
Travis Miller: Okay. And then also real quick on the hedging disclosures, just remind me or clarify are the ZECs included in the 2020 and 2021 prices?
Ralph Izzo: No. That's just a market oriented number that you're seeing Travis.
Travis Miller: Okay. That's the 30 and the 39.
Ralph Izzo: Yes.
Travis Miller: Okay. Very good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel: Hey everyone. [indiscernible] wasn't fast enough. Thank you. See you soon.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks.
Dan Cregg: Thanks.
Operator: Mr. Izzo and Mr. Cregg, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Cristal and thanks everyone for participating and for your questions. So again, as you know, I mean our long-term strategies to transition our business to a mostly regulated company was predictable cash flows and every way we look at it that feels like it's on track to us. We have not only reached the point where 75% of non GAAP operating areas have come from utility, but as we look ahead to the five year capital program, a 90% of it and possibly more depending upon the outcome of the filings will be directed towards the regulated business. So that's going to improve the reliability and efficiency of our operations. It's going to benefit our customers and it's going to support New Jersey's energy policy goals. So Power is going to see it's free cash flow improved this year. It's going to continue to support our investment programs and dividend growth. It's going to enable PSEG to meet the objectives of that five year capital plan without the need to issue equity. So we like the trajectory we're on. Thank you again for joining us and hopefully we'll see everyone on May 29th at the New York Stock Exchange for our annual analyst day. Breakfast included then. So thanks, everyone. We'll see you soon. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-27 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Julie, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, February 27, 2019, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 pm Eastern today until 11:30 pm Eastern on Thursday, March 7, 2019. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, and thank you for participating in our earnings call. We released our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings results earlier today. The earnings release attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on the IR website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-K will be filed later today. The earnings release and other materials we will discuss during today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and are included in today's slides and in our earnings release. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results. Earlier today, we reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.56 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.57 per share in the fourth quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year were $3.12 per share, up 6.5% over 2017's non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.93 per share. Our GAAP results for the full year of $2.83 per share includes the recognition of net unrealized losses on nuclear decommissioning trust equity securities, as a result of new accounting rules, mark to market losses and a gain related to the sale of the retired Hudson and Mercer generating units. Details on the results for the quarter and the full year can be found on slides 5 and 6. PSEG had a successful year in 2018 continuing our long term strategy of investing in PSE&G's infrastructure and growing the percentage of our earnings coming from the regulated business. We put $3 billion of capital to work at PSE&G constructively settled our first distribution base rate case in eight years, obtained approval for the next phase of our gas system modernization program which I'll refer to as the GSMP II, and filed two other significant regulatory programs. The first filing, Energy Strong 2 will enhance system reliability and resiliency, and the second filings, our Clean Energy Future, or CEF support New Jersey's clean energy goals and give every customer the opportunity to reduce their energy bill while lowering emissions. You may recall that New Jersey passed clean energy legislation in 2018, which requires utilities to implement energy efficiency measures to reduce electricity usage by 2% and natural gas usage by 0.75%. Our CEF proposals are aligned with the objectives outlined by Governor Murphy and the legislature and designed to advance energy efficiency, electric vehicles and energy storage as well as smart electric meters or otherwise referred to as advanced metering infrastructure, AMI to a broad group of customers in the least cost manner. We consider our proposal to be the best way to achieve the state's energy efficiency savings targets, as it accomplishes this while limiting the growth in the customer bill and providing fairer broad based access to such benefits. Speaking of the customer bill, PSE&G was the first utility in New Jersey to return the benefits of lower corporate income tax rates, which totaled approximately $262 million in customer savings last year. In addition, in 2019, we have implemented the return of $380 million of additional tax reform savings related to accumulated deferred income taxes that will further moderate customer bills going forward. We also made major progress at PSEG Power with last May's legislation that recognizes zero carbon attributes provided by New Jersey's nuclear generation and establish the zero emission certificate program. In addition, power completed and placed into service 1,300 megawatts of new highly efficient combined cycle gas units or CCGTs into our PJM fleet. With two of the three CCGTs now online, Power's expecting to complete its multiyear construction program in the middle of 2019. That will also bring an improvement in its free cash flow as powers ongoing capital needs decline. PSEG's operations performed with high reliability in 2018 when it mattered most, during critical times when service territory experienced extreme weather events that included a cyclone bomb, Apollo Vortex [ph], multiple northeasters, an extended summer heat wave and the wettest year on record. In addition to safely operating our T&D system throughout the year, our associates share their expertise and provided aid to many of our neighboring utilities. At PSEG power, our Hope Creek nuclear plant achieved its first ever breaker to breaker continuous run in April of 2018, helping deliver carbon free energy in support of the state's clean energy goals. Non-GAAP operating earnings at PSE&G grew by 10.5% to $2.10 per share in 2018, benefiting from incremental investments in transmission and distribution programs that expanded rate base by $2 billion to end the year above $19 billion for an increase of 13%. This growth is consistent with the approximate 12% compounded annual growth rate in PSE&G earnings over the past five years, and reflects the record $14.4 billion of capital invested in the reliability and resiliency of our system over the same period. Of note, PSE&G achieve this growth in earnings in rate base through constructed regulatory mechanisms that allow for contemporaneous or clause based recovery for the majority of those important infrastructure investments. Moreover PSE&G's efficiency and discipline in managing costs enable to operate without a base rate increase since 2010. And our recent distribution base rate review was completed with customer rates remaining basically flat. We will continue to drive this disciplined approach to efficient growth and earnings and rate base, along with a continued focus on the customer bill. Our investments in system reliability continue to be recognized for the value brought to our customers. For the 17th year in a row PSE&G was recognized as the most reliable electric utility in the Mid-Atlantic region, and was also awarded the 2018 outstanding Customer Reliability experience award, highlighting our outage reporting and restoration communications. Last May, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved a $1.9 billion 5-year investment plan to extend PSE&G innovative Gas System Modernization Program modeled after the infrastructure investment program process established by the BPU to incentivize investments in critical utility infrastructure. PSE&G recently began this next stage of accelerated replacement of up to 875 miles of aging gas pipe, which will carry us through 2023. In the coming months, we will strive to make progress on both the Energy Strong II filing and the clean energy Future Energy Efficiency Program with anticipated decisions on both programs sometime in the third quarter. Now let me turn my attention to PSEG Power. Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of $502 million or $0.99 per share were 1% below last year. Power continues to exercise stringent cost discipline, while producing solid operating results that included higher generation from our gas and coal fired units over the prior year. As I mentioned previously PSEG power is nearing completion of its construction program related to its three new natural gas combined cycle generation stations with the last unit, Bridgeport Harbor 5 expected to be completed in the middle of this year. The Keys and Sewaren stations completed last year have operated well since coming into service. Together these three units represent 1,800 megawatts of new efficient clean gas fired capacity that will replace some older units and improve Power's competitive position. On the policy front, I want to bring you up to date on our efforts to secure recognition for the value of the environmental, fuel diversity and resiliency attributes provided by our three New Jersey nuclear units. Nuclear generation is a critical component of New Jersey's generation portfolio and it provides approximately 40% of New Jersey's electric power needs and over 90% of its carbon free electricity. The legislation created a Zero Emission Certificates program that is being administered by the BPU, which is now in the process of evaluating the three applications submitted by Power in December of 2018. If awarded the New Jersey Zero Emission Certificates, they will be set for a three year period at $0.004 per kilowatt hour, which allows for approximately $10 per megawatt hour in payments to any selected nuclear plants. The legislation requires a BPU decision by April '18. Any plant receiving as ZEC award starts accruing benefits in April with the first award period ending in May of 2022. The legislation requires nuclear plants to reapply for any subsequent three year award period. In December 2018 power submitted ZEC applications to the BPU for the Salem 1 and 2 and Hope Creek nuclear plants. These were the only applications submitted. As required the three applications included a certification in which Power confirmed that each of the Salem 1 and Salem 2 and HOPE CREEK plants will cease operations within three years absent a material financial change. While we are fully confident that each of our three ZEC applications demonstrates conclusively that the financial environmental standards required under New Jersey's legislation have been net we cannot predict what the BPU will decide. As a result we have continued contingency planning to shut down the units. In the event that any of the Salem 1 and Salem 2 or HOPE CREEK plants is not selected to receive Zero Emission Certificates starting in April of this year and don't otherwise experience a material financial change, Power will then take all necessary steps to retire all three plants at their next refueling outages. With respect to FERC's pending rule on the PGM capacity auction design an interim decision remains pending. As you know last June FERC issued an order finding that PJM's current capacity market construct is unjust and unreasonable, because it allows state supported resources to suppress capacity prices. FERC suggested alternative approaches, which included modifying its minimum offers price rule to apply to new and existing resources that receive out of market payments. FERC's other directive was to establish an option that would allow on a resource-specific basis state supported resources to be removed from the PJM capacity market along with a commensurate amount of load for a period of time. PJM submitted its recommendation for a two stage capacity auction, which would leave in state supported resources and load during the initial auction to determine capacity obligations. PJM would then remove the state supported units and rerun the auction with the remaining supply stack. The fill-in generation that replaced the removed resources sets the final capacity market clearing price for all resources. These filling resources are needed for the overall capacity obligation. They don't receive the market clearing price, but instead they get what's referred to as a lost opportunity payment, equal to the difference between their bid and the market clearing price. We believe that either PJM's two stage re-pricing proposal or the FERC's suggested resource specific FRR alternative can work with New Jersey's existing ZEC structure. Alternatively, if all of our New Jersey nuclear plants are selected to receive zero emission certificate payments in April 2019, but the financial condition of the plants is materially adversely impacted by potential changes to the capacity market construct being considered by FERC and in the absent of sufficient capacity revenues provided under program approved by the BPU in accordance with the FERC authorized capacity mechanism, then Power would still take all necessary steps to retire all of these plants. With respect to energy the PGM board Recently decided to submit a Section 206 filing to FERC covering PJM's reserve price formation proposal, also known as ORDC or Operating Reserves Demand Curve. This effort is intended to improve scarcity price formation and overhaul, operating reserve levels in energy prices to better reflect system conditions and appropriately value scarcity. PJM expects to submit the filings in the next few weeks, but the timing and ultimate implementation remain uncertain. And in fact, if implemented, any revenue recognition could be well into the future. The State of New Jersey has also made progress in its efforts to become a leader in offshore wind, following Governor Murphy's executive offer directing the BPU to move the state to order 2030 goal of 3,500 megawatts of offshore wind energy generation. An initial solicitation was established for 1100 megawatts of offshore wind. And the state received three bids just this past December. In connection with a bid submitted by Ocean Wind LLC, a subsidiary of - U.S. Offshore Wind, we agreed to provide energy management services and the potential lease of land for use in project development. We also retain an option to acquire an equity interest in the project. If --- bid is selected we would expect to make a decision regarding what, if any, investment we may have in the Ocean Wind Project in the second half of 2019. Our financial condition remains a competitive advantage and we continue to benefit from the financial flexibility that a healthy balance sheet provides. We ended 2018 with solid credit metrics that will enable us to finance our considerable capital plans over the coming five years, and provide the opportunity for growth in our dividend without the need to issue equity. Our total capital program for the years 2019, through 2023 is now $12 billion to $17 billion with over 90% of that amount directed at regulated utility growth, that improves the reliability and efficiency of our operations and supports New Jersey's Energy policy goals. Over the coming five years. PSE&G plans to invest approximately $11 billion to $16 billion on programs which are expected to provide annual rate base growth of 7% to 9%, starting from the higher 2018 year-end base of $19 billion. Our CCGT program is largely complete with just the commercial operation of the 485 megawatt bridge Port Harbor unit remaining. PSEG's continuing long term strategy to transition our business to a mostly regulated company with predictable cash flows is on track. A regulated utility PSE&G is projected to represent nearly 75% of our consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings this year. PSE&G Power, our high quality generation business will see its free cash flow improve and will continue to support our investment programs and dividend growth. So as for 2019 guidance, the conclusion of our distribution base rate case and incremental investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure, combined with a relentless approach to minimizing O&M growth have offset the expected declines in energy and capacity prices in 2019. PSE&G's business mix is expected to produce growth in 2019 consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings. So for this year we're forecasting consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings of $3.15 to $3.35 per share, which at the midpoint represents over 4% growth in earnings over 2018 results. This increase is led by a higher contribution from regulated earnings at the utility moderated by the expected decline in Powers result that reflect market prices for energy and capacity and also includes the benefit from a partial year of zero emission certificates for all three of our New Jersey nuclear plants. The Board of Directors recent decision to increase the company's common dividend by $0.08 per share to the indicative annual level of a $1.88 per share is the 15th increase in the last 16 years and reflects our financial strength, business mix and confidence in our outlook. Let me also acknowledge and thank all of our employees in both New Jersey and on Long Island for the outstanding contributions made over the past year, in utility operations and construction, in nuclear and fossil operations, and all the support organizations that enabled us to execute on a full regulatory and policy generating. I should not omit obviously our employees in Connecticut and Upstate New York as well. As we enter our 116 year PSE&G remains committed to our strategy to build long term value for our shareholders as we meet the evolving needs of our customers and the diverse communities we serve. I'll now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and we'll be available to answer your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Great, thank you, Ralph and good morning everyone. As Ralph said we reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2018 at $0.56 per share and that's versus $0.57 per share for the fourth quarter of 2017. Our earnings in the quarter brought non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $3.12 per share, a 6.5% increase over 2017's non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.93 per share. Now on slide five we've provided you with a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter. We also provided you the information on slide 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter and slide 12 and 14 contain waterfall charts that take you through the quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year net changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. And I will now review each company in more details starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income for the fourth quarter of 2018 of $0.47 per share compared with $0.43 per share for the fourth quarter of 2017. PSE&G's full year 2018 net income was $1.067 billion or $2.10 per share compared with net income of $973 million or $1.92 per share in 2017 which included $0.02 per share of benefits from tax reform. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year 2018 represented a 10.5% increase over 2017's results. As shown on slide 16 PSE&G's net income in the fourth quarter increased as a result of expanded investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure and rate relief put into effect on November 1, which more than offset an increase in distribution O&M. Both PSE&G's investment in transmission improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.04 per share. Gas margin improved by $0.06 per share as a result of rate relief and recovery of investment in gas distribution made under the gas system monetization program. Electric margin improved by $0.02 per share reflecting rate relief as well as higher volumes in demand. Changes to the accounting treatment of the non-service component of pension and other postretirement benefit or OPRB resulted in a favorable $0.02 per share comparison over 2017's fourth quarter. These positives were partially offset by $0.05 of higher O&M expense in the quarter associated with tree trimming and higher corrective maintenance. And in addition, depreciation expense increased by $0.02 per share reflecting higher plant balances. Taxes and other were $0.01 per share higher compared to 2017's fourth quarter. For the full-year, weather-normalized residential electric sales were 0.6% higher and weather-normalized residential gas sales rose by 3.3%. PSE&G October 2018 distribution base rate settlement provides a balance and constructive framework for regulatory stability over the next several years. PSE&G anticipates its next distribution base rate review by the end of 2023, and that's based on terms reached in the GSMP II settlement last May. This settlement recognize the inclusion of capital spending that was not recovered via clauses, deferred storm costs and an equity percentage of 54% offset by a lower return on equity of 9.6%. PSE&G also updated the transmission formula rate filing for 2019 to pass through additional tax benefits related to accumulated deferred income taxes. This latest update reduced the annual revenue requirement by approximately $155 million from the original filing amount, which called for revenue increase of $100 million. PSE&G investment of $3 billion in its transmission and distribution infrastructure in 2018 help drive a 13% growth and rate base to approximately $19 billion at year-end. Of this amount PSE&G's investment and transmission represents 45% or about $8.7 billion of the company's consolidated rate base at the end of 2018. For 2019, we forecast PSE&G's net income at $1,200 million to $1,230 million reflecting incremental investments and transmission and distribution and a full year of rate relief. Now let's turn to Power. As shown on page - slide 24, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.11 per share, compared with non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.20 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year non-GAAP operating earnings to $502 million or $0.99 per share, compared to 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings of $505 million or $1 per share. Power's non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and for the year amounted to $176 million and $1,059 million respectively. This compares with non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter '17 of $196 million and for the full year 2017 of $1,172 million. The earnings release as well as the earnings slides on pages 12 and 14 provides you with a detailed analysis with Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and cost. Power's results for the quarter were down from a year ago period, largely reflecting a $6 per megawatt hour decline in the average price received on energy hedges as re-contracting led to a $0.09 reduction in net income compared to last year's fourth quarter. This was partially offset by a scheduled increasing capacity prices in New England and PJM, which improved comparisons by $0.04 per share. An increase in generation output for the quarter improved comparisons by $0.03 per share. Gas operations declined by $0.02 per share as higher natural gas prices lowered commodity margin and impacted off system sales following the startup of the Atlantic Sunrise gas pipeline, and has enabled price convergence of Leidy Gas with higher prices at Henry Hub as expected. In addition to decline in Power's O&M expense improved net income comparisons by $0.01 per share and interest expense of $0.03 per share and depreciation expense of $0.02 per share both rose as a result of two new combined cycle units in service at mid-year. And higher taxes reduced net income comparisons by $0.01 over the prior year's fourth quarter as the absence of investment tax credits and other items offset the benefits of tax reform. Gross margins in the fourth quarter declined to $31 per megawatt hour from $38 per megawatt hour in the year ago quarter, largely the result of a step down in power prices from re-contracting. Power prices in the quarter improved slightly as gas prices rose in response to a long cold snap that lasted through most of November to mid-December. For the year, gross margins declined to $33 per megawatt hour from $38 per megawatt hour, reflecting the decline in average hedge prices for energy. Now let's turn to Power's operations and we provided you with some detail generation for the quarter and for the year on slides 25 and 26. Output from Power's generating facilities in the fourth quarter increased by 19% over the fourth quarter of 2017 and that's mainly from new capacity additions at Sewaren and Keys but also from higher output at our other New Jersey combined cycle units. Quarterly comparisons were also influenced by increased demand in response to the extended period of cold weather from most of the quarter. Our output of 56 terawatt-hours is at the high end of our forecast provided at the end of the third quarter which calls for full year output of 54 to 56 terawatt-hours. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 86.9% in the quarter resulting in a full year capacity factor of 91.4% which included as Ralph mentioned Hope Creek's first uninterrupted breaker to breaker run going into last spring's refueling. For the year nuclear production totaled 31.2 terawatt-hours. Powers gas fired combine cycle fleet operators at an average capacity factor of approximately 51% in the quarter resulting in a full year capacity factor of 52% producing 18.5 terawatt-hours of electricity for the year, up approximately 36% year-over-year. For the quarter output from the coal fleet was up 10% primarily from the Pennsylvania units which is in response to higher weather related demand. For the full year out performed the coal fleet increase 7% to 5.7 terawatt-hours as an increasing gas prices improved coal's competitiveness. An updated Power's hedge position is provided on slide 29. For 2019 with a full year of Keys and Sewaren combined cycle units at an expected half year of production from Bridgeport Harbor Five Power's forecasting an increase in output to 60 to 62 terawatt-hours. That's a 2 terawatt-hours since third quarter 2018 update. Following completion of the recent basic generation service or BGS auction in New Jersey approximately 80% to 85% of production for 2019 is hedged at an average price of $37 per megawatt hour. As a reminder our average hedge prices tend to skew higher after we layer in hedges from the BGS auction. For 2020 Power has hedged 55% to 60% of forecast production of 60 to 62 terawatt-hours at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. And Power's also forecasting out for 2021 of 60 to 62 terawatt-hours approximately 15% to 20% of Power's effort in 2021 is hedged at an average price of $42 per megawatt hour. The forecast for the 2019 to 2021 period includes generation associated with the full year contribution of 1,300 megawatts of gas fired combined cycle capacity at Keys and Sewaren the mid 2019 commercial operation of the 485 megawatt gas fire combined cycle plant in Bridgeport and the mid-2021 retirement of the 383 megawatt Bridgeport Harbor coal fire generating station. Consistent with our hedging practice the gas fired combined cycle assets remain more open to the market in the out years and can take advantage of spot spread opportunities within our ratable hedging program. Power's 2019 non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA forecast is projected to be $395 million to $460 million and $1.030 billion to $1.130 billion respectively. The operating earnings guidance for 2019 reflects the benefits of including a partial year of ZECs and the incremental contribution from three new CCGT units, offset by lower pricing on re-contracting lower capacity revenues, higher interest expense due to the absence of capitalized interest on construction and higher taxes due to the absence of the nuclear carry back benefit we received in 2018. Now moving on to PSE&G, Enterprise and other, we reported a net loss for the fourth quarter 2018 of $5 million or $0.01 per share compared to net income of $126 million or $0.25 per share for the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full year PSE&G Enterprise and other reported net income of $6 million or a penny per share compared to net income in 2017 of a $122 million or $0.24 per share. The results for 2018 reflect the absence of the one-time non-cash earnings benefit of $147 million related to tax reform and a decrease in energy holdings deferred tax liabilities partially offset by an after tax charge related to Remay [ph] in 2017. Enterprise and other reported a non-GAAP operating earnings loss for the fourth quarter of $12 million or $0.02 per share compared to non-GAAP operating loss of $21 million or $0.04 per share in the year ago quarter. The results for the fourth quarter brought PSE&G Enterprise and other non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $13 million or $0.03 per share versus $20 million which also equated to $3 per share in 2017. The decline in the fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings/loss versus the fourth quarter 2017 primarily reflects the absence of certain tax charges at holdings taken in the fourth quarter of 2017. But were overall tax expense in 2018 as result of tax reform and higher interest expense, mostly from - mostly offset by some lower donations in 2018. For 2019, Non-GAAP operating earnings for PSEG Enterprise and other are forecasted to be $5 million to $10 million. This guidance reflects the continued PSEG Long Island results largely offset by some higher interest expense. PSEG's business mix continues to make us a beneficiary under the Tax Act of 2017 and our financial flexibility remains strong. Our net income for Power and for enterprise will realize an ongoing benefit from the decline in federal tax rate overall. However, recently updated rules proposed by the IRS could limit the amount of interest that can be deducted in a given year by non-regulated businesses. If as proposed, depreciation is excluded from the definition of adjusted taxable income in 2018 to 2019, the bonus depreciation related to the new CCGT units in service during '18 and '19 will cap the amount of deductible interest in both years. However, any amount of interest expense is disallowed can be carried forward indefinitely. And therefore, we do not expect us to have an earnings impact for us in either year. PSEG ended 2018 with $177 million of cash on hand and debt representing 52% of our consolidated capital position. Power's debt was 32% of its total capital base. And its year-end deposition was just over 2.6 times 2018 non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA. Given the strength of our balance sheet and internally generated cash flow from both businesses, we are able to fund our capital program and manage the cash impacts of tax reform without the need for additional equity. To recap, we're guiding to non-GAAP operating earnings for 2019 of $3.15 to $3.35 per share, a 4% increase over 2018 with nearly 75% of that amount being generated by PSE&G, our regulated utility. And the common dividend recently was increased $0.08 to the indicative level of $1.88 per share. This level represents a 58% payout of earnings at the midpoint of our 2019 guidance, and has contributed to a 4.9% annual rate of growth in the dividend over the last five years. And Julie, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from a line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So, perhaps let's just start out with some of the conversations we left off on third quarter. Can you perhaps revisit just in brief a little bit more on the Leidy Hub conversation with respect to 2019 expectations, and obviously, given substantial amount of gyrations in gas basis in the quarter here. I know you reviewed to a certain extent your power guidance already. But just how does that - what is reflected with respect to basis and how have you seen that even evolve in the last few months since the last update in November? I want to make sure we put this one to better to rest as one of these lingering concerns out there from third quarter?
Dan Cregg: Sure Julien, I don't think we've seen a tremendous amount of change since the third quarter. I think we talked about some takeaway capacity coming from the Marcellus and having a little bit of a tightening between some of the gas bases. And that could have some compression on spot spreads. We also talked a little bit about some of the electric basis. And I think both of those things we will remain somewhat open to and are reflected in the guidance that we have provided. I think even as you look through the fourth quarter we saw a fairly consistent story with what we told in the third quarter. We did see some uptick during that quarter related to some incremental volume at power, largely weather related and also some O&M benefits. But I think what we talked about and expected in the third quarter, we've seen through the fourth quarter will continue to rely upon foot forward prices show us as we go through '19 and beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it excellent. And then turn to the other side of the house on the utility for the '19 guidance. Can you talk to a little bit about the earnings components there and obviously you provide a projected rate base, but expected return and equity ratios perhaps just in brief really the returned peace implied guidance and I are you expecting to earn your authorized is basically long weighted [ph] assets.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, Julien it's Ralph. We're just two months out of our latest rate case. So we've expect to earn 9.6% on the distribution, rate base and the 1.68% on the transmission rate base at the 54% equity level. I mean the data was pretty current and the settlement was pretty current. So this - we should hit those numbers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just a quick last one, just in terms of the offshore effort. There's been a lot of focus on this by your peers. But just with respect to the returns and risk profile of what you're contemplating to invest in. How - especially with respect to the risk, would it be different from just a straight equity investment in the project altogether? And obviously, this is preliminary?
Ralph Izzo: So, again, what we've been very clear about is that we know what we know, we fortunately do know, what we don't know. And we know transmission, how to build that at a low cost and a reliable way and we understand the PJM market, but we've never built anything offshore. And we're not eager to take any significant risk on offshore construction. So that we're delighted to be part of the team in terms of them being the leading developer of offshore wind around the world. But there are certain strengths that we bring to the table that I think everybody on this call is aware of. And those areas where we're not strong, we're not going to take a big chance on.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Hi Jon.
Jonathan Arnold: Can I just ask, if we look at the new rate base and CapEx outlook and as it often has is a little bit of a fade in the later years? Do you have a sense rather for what the likelihood is of filling some of that in and what kind of things and what the timing for some of that materializing might be, or is it too early to be having that conversation?
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Jonathan. So what I tried to spell it is that we have two major programs in front of the BPU [ph] right now, Energy Strong II and Clean Energy Future, I think an aggregate over $6 billion. And we think every penny of that would be money well spent on behalf of customers. It's not a surprise to you that typically when we work with the professionals at the BPU we don't usually get complete agreement on every dollar being - we're spending. So but I know that zero is not the right answer as well. So those two programs will have the potential to fill in some of the later years.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just so your answer on - the question on offshore and knowing what you know, is it safe to assume that whatever you did would largely be within the [Multiple Speakers] please go ahead.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that would not be the case, John. And it would, it would be on our unregulated side of the business that we would do that work. To the extent that there's any transmission implication that are in the utilities service territory, then that would be undertaken by PSE&G. But any connection on land or any improvements that needs to be made as a connection point would not be in PSE&G territory. So that would be a project responsibility that we could participate in. And by the way John, I think I felt it and see your timing question. We do expect to have some resolution on these two filings in the third quarter this year.
Jonathan Arnold: To that, that would be incremental to the plan what you're talking about?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so what we've said is that based on currently approved programs we will achieve that 7% compound revenue rate. And based upon the way in which we propose the spend for the new programs, if they were fully funded, we would achieve the 9%. But remember those both of those programs take outside the timeframe of the 79% that we're proposing. So both the rate at which the money is spent and the amount of money will probably land you somewhere in between those two numbers.
Dan Cregg: And Jon, just as we think about it in as a way of thinking about the update, we were at 7% to 9%, but really, that's all about the increased base as we're jumping off end of '18 instead of end of '19, so end of '17 I should say. So the kind of the embedded capital you can think of that as being consistent and the update is more about updating off of this one year increase rate base.
Dan Cregg: Right.
Jonathan Arnold: We got the math, it goes into the same place so.
Dan Cregg: Yeah right.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay and can I just one other thing just on the guidance the holdings just seems to be quite a novo number than you've been talking about and you talked about life of minus interest offset but is there something else going on in there the sort of structurally shifting holdings are a little lower, and will that continue?
Ralph Izzo: No, no Jon, that really all it is that that the interest expense at holdings if you think about shorter term rates coming up a little bit, you're seeing some of that effect come through at the parent level. So some of the debt at the parent being shorter term is seeing a little bit of increase in rates that's all, not nothing strong.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay so we should probably just see if that continues along then?
Dan Cregg: Yeah so that we've given you the guidance for '19 and we'll kind of go from there.
Jonathan Arnold: I have to plug our folks we're doing a great job, so there's no issue out there. All right thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Paterson from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Paterson: Hey good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Paul.
Paul Paterson: So looking to your comments on the capacity market, and I guess sort of concerns about if the new group plans are excluded from the market or does not - through the adoption or something similar to the PGM proposal that you would still potentially have to look at closing the plant. Would there be no - what was the toll be in terms of perhaps doing a PPA or [indiscernible] might there be, if in fact there isn't an effort to delay, if in fact you were excluded from the market if you follow what I am saying, could you go back and - okay.
Ralph Izzo: It really depends on the nature of the proposal from FERC. I mean what we rely upon is the fact that New Jersey's demonstrated a commitment to nuclear power, they have passed the legislation. So it's hard to imagine although we'll have to work out the details that FERC action which is intended to allow states to continue to choose certain resources to achieve environmental or other objectives, that mechanism would in some way preempt New Jersey's ability to pursue some options to keep the plants online. So I think we got the state saying we want these plants online, as witnessed part of legislation. FERC saying we don't want to interfere with state's abilities to do that. And now it's of course somewhere between those two broad policies statements. We'll just have to wait and see what the order from FERC looks like to figure out the metallics of how we achieve both of those objectives but I've got to believe that those objectives are sincere and we've demonstrated an ability in the past to meet policy objectives when they are articulated as clearly as those two are.
Paul Paterson: But then clearly the BPU or the State of New Jersey, I guess more generically could just simply arrange a situation where the carve load would simply to be provided capacity payment in lieu of that sort of mimicking what's the PSE&G capacity market would have provided if you were part of it, do you follow what I'm saying still.
Ralph Izzo: I know and that's actually true right I just I wouldn't want to be so presumptions as to say what the BPU will give except to say that the policy objectives of the state are very clear and the BPU has a lot of professional expertise that will want to weigh in on what I think the right and creative solutions to meet that objective. And we'll certainly we're it's hard as we can to make sure the state achieves its goal.
Paul Paterson: Okay great and then on the energy efficiency and the legislation and then your move towards meeting those goals what should we think about in terms of the retail sales growth in New Jersey, going forward from here is that negative 2% what we should be thinking about or how should we be thinking on that?
Ralph Izzo: No, so I think that 2% decline was off of a base year I forget the year was. So I think we saw that 0.6% increase this year. So there's going to be some netting and I don't think it should be 2% plus the incremental increase. Remember Paul I know you know this but figuring for an opinion. The utility growth is not about low drugs right our utility growth is about an aging infrastructure that is in desperate need of replacement. And then on top of that new technology is needed to achieve some of the policy objectives in particular the climate objectives of the state. So I'm not going to say that we're completely indifferent to what the load does but that's really not at the heart and soul nor the foundation of what the utilities operations or investment or financial performance will look like in the future.
Dan Cregg: Sure. Sure, as is trying to get to the better market picture. Just and then I think you might have said that that would offset sort of build increases as well. Was that an offset from the cost to achieve for the energy efficiency, or is that just sort of - I mean how should we think about customer bills? I know you guys are concerned about that and looking at on that and how should we think about that in terms of your forecast?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, so the first of all, the rate case resulted basically no net change in customer bills because of the way which, we will flow back to customers our tax benefits and we still are about 30% below for an average residential customer, though where we were in 2008. But the EE program is specifically proposed to regulate. Now they have a lot to say about when they agree with a proposal to - even those customers recording good cost control is too burdensome, right? So we've targeted low income customers, critical assets like hospitals that serve the public at large, municipal facilities, government facilities, schools, things of that nature. So we fundamentally do believe that the bill is what matters not the rate. And that there are some customers even in this reduced the bill environments that we've been operating under for the past decade that struggle. And so we've taken our best shot at it, thanks for the people, who we think we can help and I'm sure that we'll have a great conversation with the staff, over the next few months, whether they agree with that or if they'd like to see it directed differently.
Paul Paterson: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, good morning,
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Greg.
Greg Gordon: Circling back to Julian's question, it just would appear on basic rate based math, just looking at the slides and taking that income and dividing it into rate base that the ROE would appear to be a bit higher than the authorized return. But I presume that we're missing things like earnings on AFEDC and other adjustments that you have to make to walk back down to a regulatory ROE. Is that Is that a fair summary? Because if you just do the arithmetic it seems high.
Dan Cregg: Yeah. Not seeing your exact math. But I think that's right, there's a regulatory ROE that ultimately just came out of the rate case that we had and we're moving into that now. So I think if it's a pretty clean number right now and then as we go through time we'll continue to move forward.
Ralph Izzo: So Greg, every time we have this call we always sort of come out of here was like okay that makes sense we understood. That's the second question on earning ROE's always that is two questions too many, I just don't know where it's coming from. I mean, if you are looking at this room right now, you see nothing but some really confusing political faces. So we're fighting every day to control O&M to make sure we earned that allowed ROE. So I don't know where that's coming from. But no, we just came out of a rate case and we are at our allowed earnings. And somehow we have to figure out how to increase salaries 3% this year with demand growing, but 26% and still earn that allowed ROEs.
Greg Gordon: I understand, I'll figure it out. My second question.
Ralph Izzo: That too could be, if you look at the rate base, you got a transmission component. Right, you got an ASP on applied service business, which is a piece of it, you got some different treatment for some of the clauses, some of the Reg E clauses. So that may be coming into play. And I think we can work through the math and bring it back to an understanding as to where we are with it.
Greg Gordon: Yeah, that I'm sure that's going to be easy to do that. The second question was on the power side. The increase in fuel costs, that sort of compressed the spark spread in Q4. Has there been some sort of a structural change in basis on, deliver gas to your plants that we need to sort of extrapolate forward or was that just demand driven, sort of surge in pricing that it will just that was more weather and demand volatility
Ralph Izzo: To that, Greg, I'd say there is a little bit of both, I think what we saw in the third quarter, and we talked about some of the weather related aspects, if you look at where things were for most of November, and the first half or so of December, we also had some pretty cold weather and the back end of December, you start to run into holiday. So I think if you look at aggregate monthly or quarterly data, it may blur a little bit about the fact that when you have more of your core demand going on, you had higher weather during that period. And so that's going to pull a little bit more on that price comparison that you see in addition to some of the takeaway capacity. So I think some of it is structural that we saw within that kind of the back half of 2018 and some of that is going to be more weather and demand oriented as well.
Greg Gordon: Okay final question Ralph if FERC comes back and rules that the units specific FRRR option is in fact part of the portfolio of options that PJM needs to use going forward to run its market would you go to the New Jersey government and say you'd like to pursue the full FRRR option to remove your units from PGM or would you consider other avenues?
Ralph Izzo: I think it's safe to say we would consider a bunch of different avenues at that point. Like I would not at all want to use a thing that would exclude that possibility but we could still bid it, who knows we would take a look at that and we would consider other options as well.
Greg Gordon: Okay so you wouldn't preclude pursuing the FRRR option but you'd look at the whole decision before you make the call?
Ralph Izzo: That's correct.
Greg Gordon: Okay thank you Ralph take care.
Ralph Izzo: Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Thanks good morning. First just a quick question on FERC. Do you have any updated trends on timing of when they might make a decision? On capacity yeah.
Ralph Izzo: You know, Steve I mean our visits to FERC really has suggested they are struggling with the capacity market decision. I had the sense that fast start might happen sooner but September 30 I thought it was 2018, I don't - I have come in across the smart allocation to do that. So I have kind of stopped predicting timing on FERC as well.
Steve Fleishman: Okay and then I guess Ralph high level strategic question so if you look at New Jersey is obviously moving to kind of a trend toward want a clean energy efficiency offshore wind et cetera and then if you look at New England states a lot of them are also doing the same thing so what how does that kind of are you thinking strategically more about the Power business in context of that. What does that mean?
Ralph Izzo: Absolutely so the question is what's the environmental footprint of the fleet and how does it fit in that and then quite honestly given market structures that dispatch on a short run marginal cost basis, and an increased willingness on the part of policy makers to fund the capital needs of assets that then lead into that market of zero you have to pay very serious attention to it what that means to the dispatch queue and the profitability of plans in the future. So we've taken some actions as you know Steve, we've shut our ACGT units we shut Hudson, Mersa so we're going to be shutting our Bridgeport coal facility, we've got some pretty impressive heat rates on our gas plants and we are looking at some roll in offshore wind. But there's no doubt that one has to look at the Power business in the context of an increasingly clean energy future.
Steve Fleishman: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from GS. Please go ahead your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys just Dan real quick question on 2019 earnings expectations at the utility at E&G the growth rate if I just take actual in '18 versus 2019 is a pretty significant growth rate at even they appears higher than your rate base growth. San you just kind of walk me through the puts and takes is there something unusual what tax is there and can you mention what tax rate that assumed or is there something unusual that happens in '18 outside of the $0.04 or $0.05 from tree trimming we ought to think about?
Dan Cregg: No I think maybe just if you put into big buckets you've got your rate base growth that that's going to be part of it but you also have a rate relief component that's going on the distribution side. So if you think about a relatively flat overall rate case settlement you've got an increment to your base rates that that's come through and then you got that being offset by some tax flow backs and that tax pieces is more balance sheet oriented taken deferred taxes and flowing to back through cash and the base rates are more of that survives. I think you're going to get a little bit of the benefit coming through there in addition to what you're seeing from an investment and an overall rate basis perspective. So I look at those two components as being some of what's driving the delta as you look year-over-year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And Ralph. Just curious, I want to come back on the offshore wind piece? If you take an equity stake in the project. How do you shield yourself from long-term construction risk, I mean - we know the Europeans have built a lot of offshore when there's been one or - a small project built here. But there's not the same infrastructure and supply chain and some of the other kind of items that are necessary to build out lots of the first of a kind, large scale offshore wind here. How you kind of protect yourself from material construction, risk, because you never really been a company that's like to take that kind of risk.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean, with all due respect, Michael, we're not in a position of kind of have a negotiation here, resource through you. But I mean, at the end of the day, if you can't shield yourself, than the ultimate wisdom is don't invest, right. So we have some incredibly talented engineers and we have some equally talented contracts people and the lawyers that if they can't figure it out and the ultimate protection is we don't participate.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you Ralph much appreciate it.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Mr. Cregg there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you. So thanks everyone for joining us today and thank you for your continued interest and presumably confidence in us. We will be on the road next few days and next few weeks we look forward to seeing you in some of our upcoming meetings and conference appearances. And in the meantime at the risk of stating the obvious, rest assured we're going to continue to work hard and smart every day and we're going to meet the needs of customers in a safe reliable economic and environmental protective way. And we think we do that which we've been pretty good at. And our shareholders will realize a fair returns an allowed return. On the infrastructure vessels we've been making that allows us to achieve that best in class service level. So thanks everyone and we'll talk real soon. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. And thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Natalia, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, October 30, 2018, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on Thursday, November 8, 2018. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.
Carlotta Chan: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, and thank you for participating in our earnings call. Earlier today, PSEG released earnings statements for the third quarter of 2018. These materials, including the release, attachments and accompanying slides detailing operating results by company, are posted on the IR website at investor.pseg.com. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018, will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters we will discuss during today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and are included in today’s slides and in our earnings release. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us today. PSEG reported solid results for the third quarter and through nine months. We are updating full year non-GAAP operating earnings guidance by narrowing the range to $3.05 to $3.15 per share, with an increased contribution from PSE&G, balancing lower expected results at PSEG Power and the parent. The midpoint of our guidance remains unchanged and continues to represent a 6% increase above 2017 full year results. This morning, we reported net income for the third quarter of $0.81 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.95 per share versus net income of $0.78 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.82 per share in the year-ago period. Third quarter net income and non-GAAP operating earnings improved by 4% and 16%, respectively, over 2017’s third quarter comparables. Our results for the quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the nine months to $2.56 per share, an 8% increase over the $2.36 per share earned in the nine months ended September 30, 2017. Slides 6 and 7 summarize the results for the quarter and the year-to-date periods. Now throughout a very hot summer, both PSE&G and Power performed well. Therefore, our financial results reflect solid contributions from both businesses. PSE&G’s earnings increased by $0.05 per share, up 10% over third quarter 2017 results, driven primarily by continued investment in Transmission and Distribution programs focused on increasing system resiliency and reliability. Warmer-than-normal weather increased electric demand for air conditioning throughout an extended summer that was the second hottest in nearly half a century. Expanded investment in Transmission and Distribution infrastructure continues to benefit customers and have a favorable impact on PSE&G’s rate base and earnings. We are on pace to spend $2.8 billion for the year, and the utility’s rate base is forecasted to grow to almost $19 billion at year-end. Based on our various investment programs, we remain comfortable with PSE&G’s ability to achieve growth in rate base within our forecasted 8% to 10% per year for the five year period ending in 2022. We have made significant progress to date in our regulatory and policy partnerships. PSE&G recently filed several Clean Energy Future investment programs totaling $3.6 billion over six years. These filings continue the alignment of PSE&G’s capital investment plans with New Jersey’s energy policy goals by advancing a broad range of programs in Energy Efficiency, Electric Vehicle Infrastructure and Energy Storage. The inclusion of what we are calling Energy Cloud, or AMI, is consistent with the BPU’s recommendations for improving storm response following the March 2018 nor’easters in which they directed each utility to submit a plan and cost-benefit analysis for the implementation of AMI, focusing on reducing customer outages and outage durations. PSE&G’s filing is designed to create an advanced technology network and upgrade 2.2 million electric meters to smart meters by the year 2024. In addition, Energy Strong II, the proposed $2.5 billion, five year extension of our infrastructure reliability and resiliency investment program, is pending at the BPU. Inclusive of the AMI initiative, PSE&G’s 2018 to 2022 capital spending forecast range is $12 billion to $16 billion. I now want to bring you up-to-date on PSE&G’s Distribution base rate case proceeding. As you may be aware, at its regular meeting yesterday, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved the settlement agreement between PSE&G, BPU staff and rate counsel. This concludes the utility’s first Distribution rate review since 2010 and is expected to provide PSE&G’s customers with rate stability while allowing us to achieve three important outcomes: first, to recover investments made outside of clause mechanisms since 2010; second, to recover deferred storm costs; and third, to set revenues which reflect our current sales and O&M levels. The terms of the agreement provides for an additional $212 million in annual revenue and a flow back to customers of $225 million in tax savings largely due to tax reform, resulting in a net $13 million revenue reduction. When new Distribution rates go into effect on November 1, a typical combined residential customer bill will be at levels that are 30% lower than they paid in 2008 in nominal terms and 40% lower in real terms. The updated revenue requirement is based upon a Distribution rate base of $9.5 billion, a return on equity of 9.6% and a 54% equity ratio. All of PSE&G’s Distribution investment programs will adopt the new ROE of 9.6% and equity percentage of 54% going forward. PSE&G’s decoupling proposal was not adopted in the settlement. Decoupling of electric and gas Distribution revenue from sales volumes and demands remains an essential element of larger-scale energy efficiency investments. New Jersey’s energy efficiency savings goals outlined in legislation passed last May require utilities to reduce customers’ annual electric and gas consumption by 2% and 0.75%, respectively, and also provides for lost revenue recovery. We refiled our decoupling proposal as part of our Clean Energy Future filings, but we are open to other forms of timely loss revenue recovery. Now let me turn my attention to PSEG Power. Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings increased 23% to $0.39 per share over 2017’s third quarter comparable results, largely reflecting its lower corporate income tax rate and other tax benefits, as well as a step-up in capacity pricing this past June that will extend through May of 2019. Despite favorable weather, higher natural gas prices rose more than electric prices, which negatively impacted Power’s results. These changes in market conditions have contributed to a reduction in Power’s expected 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings. Power continues to anticipate completion of its combined cycle gas turbine construction program with Bridgeport Harbor 5 expected online in 2019. Moreover, the addition of 1,300 megawatts of highly efficient capacity at Keys and Sewaren 7 earlier this year leads the reconfiguration of Power’s merchant fleet, as demonstrated by this quarter’s CCGT production. The design of wholesale energy and capacity markets and where the current policies and mechanisms provide adequate recognition of the cost per generation to be available continues to attract needed attention. We are proactively engaged with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and PJM on several fronts. PJM energy price formation proposals continue to be evaluated as part of a comprehensive solution to the challenges facing baseload units. FERC is expected to issue an order by year-end on its pending fast-start proceeding, and PJM anticipates implementation in 2019. We await other price reform filings at PJM such as the operating reserve demand curve enhancements and spinning reserves. But we don’t expect PJM will reprioritize those efforts until after it implements fast-start. Getting energy prices right is critical to ensuring efficient investment and market exit for generation assets. Power continues advancing efforts to preserve its nuclear asset base. The BPU has begun implementation of the new – of New Jersey’s zero-emission credit law signed by Governor Murphy this past May. We recently filed comments and responses to the BPU on the application and selection process for the New Jersey ZEC, as we refer to them. The BPU held three public hearings earlier in October, and an order establishing the ZEC application process is expected in November. In December, Power anticipates submitting applications for all three of its New Jersey nuclear plants and will make a certification that the units will shut down within three years in the absence of a material financial change. In June 2018, FERC issued an order finding that PJM’s current capacity market is unjust and unreasonable and established a proceeding to evaluate potential reforms. PSEG submitted comments in early October recommending the status quo remain in place. But then the alternative, we support PJM’s capacity redesign proposals of a minimum offer price rule with few or no exemptions, which is consistent with FERC’s direction and the resource carve-out option for supported resources, subject to the MOPR. The ZEC law recognize that energy and capacity payments, and now, again, I’m referring to the New Jersey’s ZEC law, were not sufficient to compensate nuclear units for the carbon attributes they provide and that ZECs were additive to energy and capacity payments. We have initiated discussions on how the state can put in place a structure under existing laws to support nuclear resources and a redesigned PJM capacity market using the existing BGS mechanism. We continue to believe that this option requires no new legislation and equally importantly places no additional burdens on customers. We will continue to advocate our views to establish a market design that satisfies FERC and that accommodates state interests in resource procurement with key attributes while ensuring that price suppression is addressed. A strong legal foundation has been established for state action to preserve generating assets critical to meeting a state’s emission-related goals. New York and Illinois have recently received appellate court affirmations from the Second and Seventh Circuit courts of appeal, respectively, concluding that those states have the authority to implement their ZEC programs, setting a positive legal precedent for New Jersey. We remain focused on the successful execution of our key policy and regulatory initiatives to provide our shareholders with greater assurance of PSEG’s ability to meet our financial objectives for returns and growth. PSEG continues to perform at high levels, safely operating the system throughout a very hot summer, which is a testament to the dedication of our 13,000 associates in New Jersey, New York, Maryland and Connecticut. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dan to discuss our financial results in greater detail, and I’ll rejoin him for your questions after he’s finished.
Dan Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. As Ralph said, PSEG reported net income for the third quarter of 2018 of $0.81 per share, and that’s versus net income of $0.78 per share in the last year’s third quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2018 were $0.95 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.82 per share in last year’s third quarter. And a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter and nine months can be found on slides 6 and 7. We’ve also provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 11 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by each business. And a similar chart on Slide 13 provides you with the changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. And I’ll now review each company in more detail, starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $0.54 per share for the third quarter of 2018. That’s compared with $0.49 per share for the third quarter of 2017. Results for the quarter are shown on Slide 15. Net income growth in the third quarter was driven by continued investment in Transmission and electric and gas distribution facilities as well as the impact on sales of weather conditions, which were substantially warmer than both the year-ago quarter as well as normal conditions. Returns on PSE&G’s expanded investment in Transmission added $0.02 per share to net income in the quarter. Incremental revenue associated with recovery of PSE&G’s Energy Strong and the Gas System Modernization Program added $0.02 per share. Favorable weather comparisons year-over-year added $0.03 per share, and higher volume and demand added $0.01 per share. Changes to the accounting treatment of the non-service component of pension and other postretirement benefits, or OPEB expenses, resulted in a favorable $0.02. And these positive items were partially offset by an increase in operating and maintenance expense of $0.02 per share, driven by higher corrective maintenance work; higher depreciation expense of $0.02 per share, reflecting higher plant balances; and higher interest, taxes and other of $0.01 per share. As Ralph mentioned, electric sales reacted favorably to hot summer weather, and actual sales increased by 6% over 2017’s mild third quarter. The THI, or temperature humidity index, was 35% greater than in the year-ago quarter and 25% warmer than normal. PSE&G reached a 2018 system peak of 9,978 megawatts compared to 2017 system peak of 9,567 megawatts. On a trailing 12-month basis, weather normalized electric sales were flat year-over-year. And gas sales on a similar basis increased 1.9%, led by the commercial sector and strong second quarter results. The conclusion of PSE&G’s distribution rate review achieved several regulatory priorities, mainly the recovery of an on investments made since 2010 outside of the programs with cost base recovery, in addition to the recovery deferred storm costs dating back to 2011 and a true-up of sales and cost estimates. New rates are based upon a distribution rate base of $9.5 billion, a return on equity of 9.6% and a 54% equity ratio. We are pleased that the settlement recognized the need to maintain solid utility credit metrics following the negative cash impacts that resulted from tax reform in 2017 as PSE&G’s financial flexibility is essential to providing reliable service at the lowest cost. Going forward, PSE&G’s Distribution investment programs will adopt a new ROE rate and equity percentage established in the settlement agreement. As Ralph mentioned, the net $13 million revenue reduction takes into account an additional $212 million in annual revenues, including storm cost recovery and an increase in depreciation expense, as well as a flow back to customers of $225 million in tax savings largely due to tax reform. PSE&G customers will benefit from $262 million in annualized rate reductions to reflect savings from federal tax reform enacted in 2017. PSE&G filed to two updates earlier this month to its formula rate for Transmission at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The first was an annual update reflecting our planned capital improvements with a focus on system reliability, and that provides for a $100 million increase in annual Transmission revenues. The second filing adjusts our formula rate to provide a refund of our excess deferred income taxes due to federal tax reform, resulting in a refund of over $150 million. Both of these changes are expected to be effective January 1, 2019. Our distribution infrastructure programs, Energy Strong and GSMP, continue to perform as expected. The combined annual revenue increase for the full year in 2018 from these two programs is forecast to be approximately $53 million as we near completion of the first GSMP and Energy Strong programs. Once GSMP II begins, gas rates will adjust in December and June of each year. PSE&G has invested approximately $2.3 billion for the nine months ended September 30 in electric and gas Distribution and Transmission capital projects. For the full year, PSE&G expects to invest approximately $2.8 billion on increasing system reliability and resiliency, upgrading critical infrastructure and supporting New Jersey’s energy policy goals. We continue to expect rate base growth at a CAGR of 8% to 10% over the 2018 to 2022 period. For the full year, we’ve increased PSE&G’s forecast of net income for 2018 to reflect the impact of higher sales margins largely due to weather, with the range now forecast to be $1,055,000,000 $1,070,000,000, up from a $1 billion to $1,030,000,000. Now let’s turn to Power. PSEG Power reported net income of $125 million or $0.25 per share for the third quarter of 2018 compared with net income of $136 million or $0.27 per share in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.39 per share for the third quarter of 2018 compared to non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 of the $0.31 per share. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of 2018 was $360 million versus non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for 2017 of $356 million. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense and depreciation and amortization. The earnings release and Slide 21 provide you with detailed analysis of the impact of Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter. We’ve also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and the first nine months of the year on Slides 22 and 23. Power’s net income in the third quarter was impacted by a decline in average energy hedge prices and lower realized margins despite the effect of warmer-than-normal weather on demand and output. During the quarter, non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons increased $0.05 per share as a result of the higher capacity prices in New England and PJM. The increase in capacity prices occurred on June 1 of 2018 and will run through May 31 of next year. Recontracting of hedges at lower prices and the market impact of lower spark spread in PJM East reduced results by $0.10 per share compared with the third quarter of 2017. Power experienced a $7 per megawatt decline in its average hedged energy price during the third quarter, which is consistent with our expectations for the full year. The impact of placing the Keys and Sewaren combined cycle stations in service, along with higher demand, boosted generation volumes by $0.06 per share. Higher O&M expense of $0.01 per share reflects new unit start-up expenses at Keys and Sewaren. And higher depreciation of $0.02 per share and a higher interest expense of $0.02 per share both relate to the new combined cycle units placed in service versus the year-ago quarter. And these impacts will continue to affect year-over-year comparisons in coming quarters given the in-service of Keys, Sewaren and, ultimately, Bridgeport Harbor five next year. A reduction in the corporate tax rate from federal tax reform, combined with the impact of less taxes due to year-over-year – from lower pretax income, improved net income comparisons by $0.07 per share. The anticipated benefit from the remeasurement of tax reserves associated with the nuclear carryback claim and the closure of IRS audits for the year 2011 and 2012 added $0.06 per share compared to year earlier results. These tax benefits were slightly offset by a $0.01 per share impact related to a newly enacted New Jersey surtax. Now let’s turn to Power’s operations. Output of Power’s generating stations increased 24% in the quarter, reflecting the higher output of the combined cycle fleet with Keys and Sewaren in commercial operation. Power’s gas-fired combined cycle fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 68% and produced 7 terawatt-hours of output during the third quarter of 2018, up by 88% over the year-ago quarter, primarily reflecting the production of the two new units. Pennsylvania coal generation output also improved to 1.3 terawatt-hours and operated at 79% capacity factor in the quarter. For the year-to-date period, Power’s nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 93%, producing 23.7 terawatt-hours and representing 57% of Power’s total generation. Gas prices improved in the third quarter on low storage levels and weather-driven demand, but power prices didn’t move up in conjunction with gas, putting pressure on Power’s spark spreads. Power’s forecast of total output for 2018 has been raised modestly to 54 to 56 terawatt-hours from last quarter’s reduced estimate of 53 to 55 terawatt-hours. For the remainder of 2018, Power has hedged 80% to 85% of total forecasted production of 13 to 15 terawatt-hours at an average price of $37 per megawatt-hour. For 2019, Power has hedged 70% to 75% of forecasted production of 58 to 60 terawatt-hours at an average price of $36 per megawatt-hour. For 2020, Power has hedged 40% to 45% of output forecasted to be 62 to 64 terawatt-hours at an average price of $36 per megawatt-hour. The forecasted output for 2018 to 2020 includes generation associated with Keys and Sewaren as well as the mid-2019 commercial startup of the 485-megawatt, gas-fired combined cycle unit at Bridgeport Harbor. In addition, Power has decided to exit the retail electric marketing business after determining it would not provide a material enhancement to its hedging activity. Power has, therefore, ceased taking on new customers but will continue to meet all obligations to existing customers through the end of their contracts. Our forecast of Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings for 2018 and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA has been updated to $465 million to $500 million and $1,045,000,000 to $1,100,000,000, respectively, from $485 million to $560 million and $1,075,000,000 to $1,180,000,000, respectively. Now turning to PSEG Enterprise and Other. Reported net income of $9 million or $0.02 per share for the third quarter of 2018 compared to net income of $13 million or $0.02 per share for the third quarter of 2017. The decrease in net income year-over-year reflects higher interest expense at the parent, partially offset by lower taxes and other items. The forecast of PSEG Enterprise and Other’s full year 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings has been reduced to $25 million from $35 million, reflecting those higher interest costs. PSEG closed the quarter ended September 30 with $88 million of cash on its balance sheet, with debt at the end of the quarter representing approximately 51% of consolidated capital. And Power’s debt at the end of the quarter represented 34% of capital. In September, PSE&G issued $325 million of five year, 3.25% medium-term notes and $325 million of 10 year, 3.65% medium-term notes. And PSE&G also retired $350 million of 2.3% medium-term notes at maturity. And as Ralph mentioned, we’ve narrowed our guidance for full year 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings to $3.05 to $3.15 per share while maintaining the midpoint of guidance at $3.10 per share. And with that, Natalie, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Hi guys. So maybe a specific question on the quarter first and then we’ll get to all the market reform that’s taking place. But starting with Slide 24, where you highlight gas prices went up and that’s what pushed up your fuel costs, wanted to understand why that didn’t drive up power prices as well. I mean, clearly that implies some reduction in the spark spread, and wanted to understand heat rates have been coming down. So just some color on that, that’d be helpful.
Ralph Izzo: All right. So there is strong correlation, obviously, Praful, between gas and electric prices, but it’s not perfect. One can only assume that there was some dispatching of coal that took place that keep a little bit of a lid those power prices from moving perfectly in tandem. Dan, I don’t know if you want to add to that.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I also think that the sourcing of gas matters as well, and Leidy has been a very low-cost source of gas for us, and we saw a little bit of an uptick in Leidy prices. And Leidy doesn’t necessarily drive all of the electric prices that we end up seeing. So depending upon what units are running, where the source of the gas is, you can see some different gas prices coming through. And I think that the magnitude of gas that was used during the summer for gas generation as well as coming out of a winter, where storage levels were low, it pushed gas up a little bit more for some of our units compared to what we saw from an electric pricing standpoint.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That’s helpful. And so do you see this as a permanent kind of issue? Or is this something that happened more this quarter but is not more of a permanent issue?
Ralph Izzo: We never had tried out just before a price curve, Praful. But we are seeing that with the opening of some pipelines that are taking Marcellus gas to regions other than the Mid – Eastern region that the basis differential between Leidy and Henry Hub is changing with prices coming up in the region; stronger pricing in M3; and if you believe historic correlations that should ultimately be reflected in power prices, but – and forward curve is predicting whatever it’s predicting right now.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Understood. And then quickly just going on to the market reform side, especially around capacity prices and capacity reform. Given all the different proposals out there, Ralph, where do you see capacity – this whole capacity reform process going? Do you see any downside risk to capacity prices through all this? And how do you see the BGS auction kind of fitting in from a legal perspective?
Ralph Izzo: So again, what we keep anchoring ourselves to is what FERC has espoused in terms of their policy objectives, which is, A, to remove price suppression; and B, to allow states to do what they want to from the point of view of a resource designation. As I think I mentioned, our preference is the status quo. But notwithstanding an ability to preserve that status quo, we think that PJM’s offered an intelligent alternative. There are some things we would quarrel with, perhaps the – their cutoff at the 20-megawatt level versus FERC’s guidance that any and all subsidized units should be subject to reform. But if you look at the approach PJM has suggested, it does point to higher capacity prices for unsubsidized units, all other things being equal. And as you know, Praful, there are many other factors to consider. There’s transmission transport capability. There’s the demand side management. There’s how different local delivery areas break out. But nonetheless, when you remove supply, which is what PJM is proposing to do, from the setting of price, that should – that – without changing demand, as I said, all other things being equal, that should remove the price suppression for unsubsidized units. And that will set a different market price. I – it’s hard for me to see how that will be a lower market price. And as we pointed out, the ZEC legislation in New Jersey always recognized that payment, as zero emission credit payment, was for the carbon attributes of nuclear and was additive to the energy and capacity price. And the BGS auction clearly states that energy electricity will be secured at prevailing market rates for both energy and capacity. So we think that – and certainly, the output from 30 terawatt-hours of nuclear, which is what the New Jersey ZEC law targets, is well within the capacity – the overall need of BGS. I use the word capacity in the generic sense, not in the – not in our industry sense of the word. So I do think BGS can use up or consume or call for the 30 terawatt-hours of nuclear at prevailing market prices for energy and capacity without any need for legislation, which would just be a win all around, right. Then FERC get its way, New Jersey get its way and nobody – the customers are not burdened anymore than was originally envisioned in the legislation and, in fact, will achieve the savings that were envisioned in the legislation if the plants were to not operate.
Dan Cregg: And just one reminder as well, Praful, if you think about it, the next three capacity auctions have – or the next three years, I should say, the capacity auctions have happened already. And what we will anticipate this coming April will be a determination related to ZECs for those same three years. So this – all that we’re talking about is an important effort that’s got to go on. And the next thing to look for, reply, comments, are due on the 6th of November, but this will all impact the period after those three years.
Praful Mehta: Got you. very helpful for the color thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning. So maybe perhaps to follow-up on Praful’s question. Just back to the forward hedges that you all disclosed in your slide. I mean, obviously, you had some impacts on sparks here in the latest quarter. Can you elaborate, is that reflected in your expectations of realized energy prices in the hedges at this point? Or is it too much of noise?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I mean, to the extent that hedges were put on during that period, you would see it in the hedges. And as you know, we have kind of a mix within the intermediate combined cycles section of the overall fleet of some elements that are open and some that are hedges. But to the extent that those hedges are put on, I’d say the only difference really is that you’re going to see the effect coming through the forward markets as opposed to just in the real-time and day-ahead markets. But it’s been a consistent phenomenon across both.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But maybe to be clear about it, your expectations going forward with respect to what you saw transpire in the spark spread in the latest quarter, I mean, is this more of an acute issue that you saw during the quarter? Or how do you think about that from an ongoing impact?
Dan Cregg: Well, I think there are both shorter-term and longer-term impacts, right. So if you think about a couple of things that Ralph and I already have talked about, I’ve talked about having some more extreme weather in the summer, having some lower inventory levels that need to be bought in, which is going to have an upward pressure on pricing. And Ralph talked about on the longer term as you see some takeaway capacity coming into the market, that’s going to have a longer-term effect. So I think you’ll continue to see both shorter-term and longer-term impacts impacting market prices.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And did that have any bearing on the decision on the retail side at this point?
Ralph Izzo: No, the retail side was, as you know, Julien, always a defensive plan now primarily targeted at trying to reverse some of the losses we’ve been realizing on – from the point of view of wholesale market basis differentials. With the start of the Keys plant, with the strengthening of gas prices in the M3 zone, we’ve seen some decrease from basis to our fleet, and the margins were so thin on the retail business. As you know, I’ve never been a huge fan of it that we just decided that it can – was not in our best interest to continue to pursue it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then if you could clarify the comments on capacity. It seems that you’re thinking is there is no need for legislation. Can you talk about timing for any potential? I suppose it would be a BPU-led effort to change BGS procurement relative to the implementation of MOPR. It would seem as if, and you tell me if this is correct, that there would not be application of MOPR for New Jersey next year, and that would give you some runway to be able to implement for a 2020 auction?
Ralph Izzo: So remember, BGS typically follows the RPM auction in terms of the energy year applicability. So the RPM auction that would have taken place in April but is now going to take place in August is input to the BGS auction that will take place in 2020. So we have plenty of time, right. As Dan pointed out for the next three years, capacity prices are known, BGS has been layered in to the tune of 100% next year, 2/3 the year after, 1/3 the year after that. So the timing of all this is that the PJM proposal would only apply if we did get the ZEC. We’ll find out if we get the ZEC in April. And at that point in time, assuming we get the ZEC and assuming that the PJM proposal goes in as accepted, we have a full 10 months to get the BGS auction right. Of course, we would do it much in advance so that typically, the LDCs put their comments in, in the fall for what BGS rule changes should take place, if any, in the following winter. So the way to think of this is January, FERC rules on the PJM proposal, we make comments shortly thereafter, FERC finalizes the RPM auction in the April time frame, we find out whether or not we get a ZEC in the same time frame, the auction takes place in August. In the fall, we – if we are a ZEC recipient and if the auction has taken place per the MOPR approach, we would file with other LDCs for BGS to be the entity that secures the nuclear energy and capacity for the following February. So that was a long-winded way of saying I think the timing will work just fine.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actual thank you all.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, good morning all. I’m sorry to circle back to Power, but I just wanted to see if maybe we could get a clarification on why we saw you lower the guidance range now. Because to the extent that you knew you were hedged at lower prices, right, that was a known factor that impacted the guidance range, and there was only a small portion of your combined cycle and peaking generation that was open to the market, and even though we know spark spreads were lower, it doesn’t seem like there’s enough volume there on an open basis to swing your numbers by the magnitude that the guidance range was reduced. So can you just – is it possible for you to be a little bit more granular on just how much of this was known and how much of this was unknown? Because going into the second quarter – going into the third quarter from the second quarter, realized spark spreads were not very different from what the forward curve was telling us.
Dan Cregg: Yes, Greg. And you’re right. So if you think about it as just a pure open volume and the delta on the open volume, you can have some impact, but it’s not going to be as much as what you saw. I think that there’s a couple other factors that are coming into play. One is that just our out and out volume amounts are down a little bit. So if you think about where we had them pegged at the beginning of the year and where they ended up, they’re down about 1 terawatt-hour. So we’re down a little bit on volume. And then the other factor is some of the basis differentials that we end up seeing. And we have seen some lower Eastern basis. We’ve talked about that a fair a bit of late. And that comes through on an awful lot of our hedges are not perfect hedges at the exact generator bus where the generator is generating. To the extent that our hedges are at the West hub, there is a little bit of an openness on that basis, and we’ve seen some deterioration of the basis as well within the hedges. So I would point to those other factors as well to think about, in addition to just the pure open position times at delta spark. And the accumulation of those factors would get you to the delta that we’re talking about.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. So that basis is basically what it cost you to move the power to the hub where you’re hedged?
Dan Cregg: That’s right. So for instance, if you think about our nuclear facilities, you’ve got a lot of volume coming out of there, but you don’t have a lot of ways to transact at the nuclear location. So if you’re going to put a forward sale on – for example, you might put in on at the Western hub. And to the extent that you saw a basis differential move between the Western hub, where your hedge was put on, and where the actual generation is at nuclear, you’re going to have some openness within a hedged amount of volume.
Gregory Gordon: Great. One last follow-up. The $0.06 that you booked on the mark-to-market associated with – I forget exactly what it was, was it pension or associated with the nuclear...
Dan Cregg: Yes, yes.
Gregory Gordon: Trust? Was that an expected item? Or was that something that was an unexpected benefit in the quarter, the tax reserves?
Dan Cregg: Yes, yes, yes. So what that is, that’s a – that’s not on the NDT because you mentioned trust. Really what that is, is just the more generic tax issue, generic meaning that it’s on the company’s taxes as opposed to the NDT. And it’s a carryback of losses back to an earlier year with higher tax rates, but the direct answer to your question was, yes, that was expected.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. So that was an unexpected gift that was in the guidance already?
Dan Cregg: That’s right.
Ralph Izzo: And Greg, just to go back to your question about the quarter versus – and Dan’s accurate answer about some of the cumulative impacts, I mean, at the risk of stating the obvious, when we initially give guidance at the beginning of the year, we give a range, and we expect to be somewhere in the middle. Otherwise, we would advise them as one way or another. And typically, during the second quarter, we try not to change that because it’s still early. There’s a half year to go. It’s not unreasonable to assume that we saw some creep of Power, as Dan mentioned, in terms of the volume reduction towards the lower end of that range but still within the range; and the utility towards the upper end of that range but still in the range; and then the third quarter just resulting in the need to redesignate the ranges. So long-winded way of saying I wouldn’t assume that all of the movement in Power or, for that matter, the utility occurred in the third quarter. That’s not the case.
Gregory Gordon: Okay, yes, that was my intuition. I just wanted to make sure I understood it. I appreciate you clarifying. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi Good morning guys. So just I wanted – along the lines of just where Greg was going, I – when we look at the fourth quarter guidance now for Power and where you were through the nine months, I know – the low end suggests that you might have as low a quarter as a $20 million quarter in Q4. It just seems that, that would be unusually low for you. So I’m just curious, is that some of the same issues sort of working into Q4 as well? Or is there something else by Q4 that’s kind of in the plan that we maybe need to remember?
Dan Cregg: No, I think you can just kind of do the math over where we are now and what the range would imply. And I think you’d be north of the number that you gave. But maybe one thing to keep in mind, there was some tax benefits that came through, more of a onetime, in the last year’s fourth quarter. So if you just go against that as a comparison, your – you’ll have to carve out some of the onetime items as you look at the two quarters compared to one another. So it’s something to keep in mind in that regard. But you do have a couple shorter months in the fourth quarter, and you also have a lot of the outages that were going on during some of those shorter months. So you get some variability as you go year to year.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then on – just could I ask on investment capacity? That slide was, in the Analyst Day deck, at somewhere sort of between, I guess, in the sort of high single 100s of millions. And it was also in the September deck. And I guess with the rate case settlement and the Transmission rate adjustments now in hand, is that still a good number? Or is there some – is there an update there?
Ralph Izzo: So we’ll update that in a week or so, Jonathan, rather than trying to give that piecemeal here today.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay will guess see you then, thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning. I think, Ralph, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned the importance of decoupling to your long-term plan and New Jersey customers. Can you give us a sense as to what kind of might have been missing from the negotiations with intervenors and if there’s any kind of partial agreement heading into your energy future filing?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Chris, that was – so first of all, I can’t give you the details as to a settlement discussion because those are all confidential, but we can give you details on the outcome of that. However, it’s not – it won’t come as a surprise to you to know that the principles in a base rate case are different than the principles – and I’m referring to participants here – than in a strictly energy efficiency conversation. So it’ll – the Clean Energy Future filings will have a greater percentage of people who are interested in seeing that – the green energy agenda of Governor Murphy being advocated and pushed forward. And that will, therefore, have the kind of center stage that’s appropriate to it, which may not have been more expected in a base rate filing.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, that’s helpful. And can you give us a sense as to what some of the other mechanisms might be there if it’s not an outright decoupling mechanism?
Ralph Izzo: I’d rather not go into that now since we haven’t even sat down and gotten the discovery questions from the other parties. But there’s all sorts of stuff that one can do to get contempering this type of recovery of both – of investments being made as well as trueing up for what might have been anticipated to be revenues versus what’s realized and revenues either in six months or annual filings or things of that nature. So...
Christopher Turnure: And then...
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Okay?
Christopher Turnure: Yes. My second question was on weather versus normal on the utility side. Can you quantify that for the quarter or the year-to-date? And then just related on the corporate side, anything changed versus your original plan there other than just the interest rate on new debt?
Dan Cregg: Yes. So I can point you to the slides. If you take a look, you’ve got a breakout both of weather in particular as well as on volume and demand sometimes can come into play there. So on the weather for the year-to-date for the utility, you can see we had about $0.04 delta, $0.03 of that in the quarter. And volume and demand was about $0.02 year-to-date and about $0.01 in the quarter. So you can see it broken out pretty cleanly within the slides that we provided. And then your question on interest, basically what we’re seeing mainly at the parent is just the increase in some of the shorter-term debt that exists up there as we’ve stepped through the year, which has put a little bit of pressure on the aggregate numbers at the parent.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then just on those weather numbers, were those year-over-year or were those versus normal?
Dan Cregg: Those are year-over-year.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. Any sense as to versus normal? Or is that something we could take offline?
Dan Cregg: It’s pretty close. I think you might have seen just a little bit of an uptick because the 2017 summer was a little bit milder. But they’re almost the same at – if you take a look at versus last year versus looking at normal.
Christopher Turnure: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys thanks for taking my question. Real quick. If I go back to the Analyst Day and look at the PSE&G forecast capital spend, and then I think a little bit about some of the filings that you made in the last few months, how should we think about where you’re tracking and whether you think you’re likely above what you kind of highlighted back at the Analyst Day? I mean, the filings you’ve made are pretty large-scale capital projects. Are you above where that would be if all of those come through? Or are you kind of somewhere in that range? Just kind of walk us through how you’re thinking about that right now.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I mean, Mike, I think that we had GSMP II approved in April and we had our conference in May. So that was at Cannacord. I think If you really look at the major areas that we were talking about, one was Energy Strong. Energy Strong II, I should say. In Energy Strong II, we talked about putting forth a $2.5 billion filing. And in June, we put forth a $2.5 billion filing. And we said in May that we were going to put forth the Clean Energy filing of $2.9 billion. And those programs and the magnitude of those programs is – were filed as we talked about with one exception, and Ralph talked about that a little bit earlier today, is the inclusion of AMI, which was not in the filing at the time. So the programs that we filed aggregate to a capital investment of $3.6 billion versus the $2.9 billion, and you can attribute the full amount of that delta to the AMI component of that filing. Now it’s a six-year program. So if you’re trying to look at it within a five-year horizon that we normally talked about – that we talk about, you’re going to have two issues: one, six years is more than five; but number two, you’re going to have some of that capital spill over the back end because it would not have been started at the beginning of 2018. And then similarly, for Energy Strong II, it’s a five-year program. And since it was filed in 2018, then we won’t see an approval of that until the process runs. You’re going to have some more spill over there. But I think that’s how you would think about the magnitude of the capital programs. And as we talked about at the time, the 8% to 10% CAGR on rate base growth really is simply with and without those two programs.
Michael Lapides: Meaning the 10% assumes you get full approval of both of those, of Energy Strong II and the Clean Energy filing? Or does it assume something in the middle of what you asked for versus often where you see intervenor requests come in at a slightly lower number?
Dan Cregg: Yes, it assumes approved as filed for the periods within that five-year period, and it also assumes that there’s no other incremental programs for the balance of the five years. So if nothing else were to happen but – and we were to get every dollar as filed, we’d be at the 10%. Any reduction from as filed would lower that amount, and then anything else between now and then that is identified as incremental capital would be additive.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one last one. How are you looking at the potential changes to Transmission spend over the next three to five years versus what you laid out? I mean, if I go back over time, what you laid out in the Analyst Day for years three and years four and beyond, the numbers actually usually, as you rolled forward a year or two, came in higher as PJM recognized the incremental needs or as you recognized an incremental need as you kind of got closer to those years occurring. How are you thinking about it now relative to what you put out back in the – at the Analyst Day?
Dan Cregg: So is the question how does our forecast differ from our forecast?
Michael Lapides: Well, a little bit of are you seeing incremental opportunities that may not have been embedded in the forecast?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think we’re a few months away from when we put that forward and is still how we are characterizing the five-year capital plan at this time.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Last item, a little bit housekeeping. O&M at the utility year-over-year and sequentially was up a double-digit percentage. How much of that drops to the bottom line? Meaning, I’m just looking at the quarter.
Dan Cregg: So for – you’re talking about for the quarter for PSE&G, the $0.02 incremental O&M?
Michael Lapides: Yes.
Dan Cregg: All of that $0.02 drops to the bottom line, if that’s your question.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay, got it thanks Dan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. Looking at fast-start, I guess Exelon, I think, has put out estimates that would imply maybe less than $2 per megawatt-hour. And at your Analyst Day, I think you were in the $1 to $3 range. Are you still at the same level in terms of where your – what you’re expecting in – if fast-start is adopted?
Ralph Izzo: So there’s two schools of thought on this, right, Paul. One is that in the aggregate, fast-start reserve margins in flexible units could be $3 to $5 with fast-start being a significant down payment on that, possibly in that $1 to $3 range. But the question is, what is the degree of – in which the forward price curve already has incorporated that if we believe that FERC is going to be issuing that decision fairly soon and PJM will be incorporating it in Q1? And I don’t know the answer to that, but that’s the two considerations you have to make, right. So should fast-start result in an increase? Absolutely. Is it already in the forward price curve? Depends on your confidence in the timing of the FERC decision.
Paul Fremont: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, good morning guys. You guys touched on most of the questions. Just real quick on the Clean Energy legislation versus what you proposed on Slide 17. The storage mandate versus what you’re proposing, correct me if I’m wrong, has incremental upside versus what your plan is?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I think the storage goal is like 600 megawatts by 2025 or something like that. So – and then – and it’s a big number, and we proposed 35 megawatts. So yes, there is upside there.
Shar Pourreza: Would that be within – is that a back-end loaded? Or when do you think you’ll figure that out as far as how we should...
Ralph Izzo: One of the conversations we’ve been having with the policy leaders is that most of these technologies, and battery storage is a great example, is something that we do believe has a healthy trajectory in terms of prices coming down in the future. So you want to both stimulate the market by the same stroke and you don’t want to pay for that market in its entirety up front. So there’s a little bit of a delicate timing of how much you do and when you do it that is an iterative conversation that we have – that we do have with policy leaders, both in the BPU and in the Governor’s office and the legislature.
Shar Pourreza: And then, Ralph, just on – one of your peers is our talking about $5 to $10 of – per megawatt-hour of incremental cost when you layer it in with wind or sort of solar on two to four hours of sort of storage. Are you seeing figures like that? Or seeing a higher figure? Because if you use two to four, it seems like you could probably get something that’s economically viable, right?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, yes. So I’m not – I’m used to coating it in terms of capacity. And the number we use is $2 million to $3 million per megawatt. I’d have to work it backwards to see if I get to $3 to $5 per megawatt-hour. And I’d rather not do that in real time, which is short, but I will take that as a homework assignment.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, great. I’ll bother Dan later.
Ralph Izzo: Sure.
Shar Pourreza: And then just lastly...
Dan Cregg: Nice, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: What drove – no problem. What drove the lower capacity factors on your new gas assets for the third quarter? And just as a...
Ralph Izzo: I didn’t actually – was it a Hope Creek outage? Was it like a 100% ownership of Hope Creek?
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think they’re at 93% – we had a huge outage. It’s nothing but kind of your normal outages that occurred at the time.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, thank guys terrific. Dan, I’ll follow up with you after the call.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So two questions. One, FERC has just updated its ROE – its transmission ROE methodology now. But there also seems to be some discussion about maybe changes to transmission ROE adders, what they should be actually related to. And, I mean, what are your expectations about how those ROEs will be trending and if your existing projects will be impacted?
Ralph Izzo: So Angie, we’re following the discussion. As we understand it, ROE adders and incentives have not been ruled on yet. We do have a rising interest rate environment, and the three methodologies that FERC are using all then lead to a discussion about how does each specific company and its risk profile sit within the range predicted by those three methodologies. So I’d say that the ingredients to the stew are getting a little bit better known, but what the stew comes out tasting like still remains to be understood going forward.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then so the equity layer at the utility under the rate case settlement or decision is now going to be 54%. I think you mentioned that at the end of the quarter, it was 51%. So, I mean, should I expect that there’s going to be additional equity injection into the utility? And is it going to come from basically corporate-level debt?
Dan Cregg: No, Angie, the – our 51.2% was the stated rate from the last rate case, and our existing equity percentage was somewhere between 53%, 53.5%. So that delta is not as big as you might otherwise think. And just general corporate funds would fund that delta.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, thanks for squeezing me, and good afternoon. We’re past the hour here. A quick first one on the PSE&G guidance for the year. The midpoint essentially went up by $0.10 on an EPS basis. When I look at the year-to-date weather benefit versus normal, that was only around $0.03. So what else is taking you ahead of the plan? And would any of that be sustainable to benefit future years?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think in addition to the area that’s just labeled weather, you’ve also got some volumes and demands, which will give you probably another $0.02 or $0.03 or so. And then there’s a couple other modest items that would end up moving it north of that. So I think two things for you. One is layer in the volume and demands incrementally to the weather amounts, which also tend to be fairly weather related. And then you think about a couple other smaller adjustments and you could get to that range.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. And those smaller adjustments, should we think of those as sort of onetime? Or will that carry through?
Dan Cregg: I think more onetime than not.
Ralph Izzo: I think one – another one, Andrew, just is we may be a little bit conservative on the timing of the rate case.
Andrew Weisel: Oh, I see. Okay. Good. Then the other question I had on AMI. You mentioned the reaction to the March storms and improving reliability. My question is, can you remind us the history in the state? I believe the BPU chose not to continue a pilot program at one of your neighbors, and they instead asked you, so the utility, to file for cost-benefit analysis. I guess my question is, is it a little premature to file for the $700 million program now? And how comfortable are you that it will be approved as part of the CEF filing?
Ralph Izzo: Well, we definitely do not think it’s premature. There is a moratorium, as you correctly pointed out, Andrew, and – but we think that there’s a couple of factors that are materially different. One is the BPU announcement seeking the cost-benefit analysis and the concern over outages, you’re right. But the second is the huge initiatives that the Governor has embarked upon to really push forward on a Clean Energy agenda. And the value of information that one can extract from Advanced Metering Infrastructure to help customers use their energy more intelligently, – translation: reduce their energy consumption – is, I think, an important consideration for policymakers in achieving what the Governor has outlined as his priorities.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. And just to clarify, I believe this is the case, but it’s certainly possible that the CEF could be approved without that. In other words, it’s not a packaged deal. Those – the pieces could be treated individually, so it might end up looking like what you had talked about at the Analyst Day? Is that right? So that’s a possibility?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Yes, that’s correct. And we didn’t go into details, but we did – CEF is really three separate filings that were all put in at the same time. But that’s correct.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, thanks for everyone.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Izzo, Mr. Cregg, please continue with any closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Well, thank you there. So hopefully, the takeaway from this call is that the Utility and Power both have had some solid operating performance in terms of our traditional hallmark attributes: our reliability, our availability. The financial performance is on track, albeit with a much stronger performance at the utility and weaker performance at Power than had been anticipated at the start of the year. And I would say that we look forward to seeing you in San Francisco in 10 days, where we can discuss these and other issues more fully. And enjoy the Halloween. New Jersey has a famous mischief night coming up. Hopefully, none of you are victims of that. But with that, we’ll see you in about 12 days. Thanks all.
Operator: Well, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Lebay and I’m your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, August 1, 2018 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 O'clock P.M. Eastern Time today until 11:30 P.M. Eastern Time on Thursday, August 9, 2018. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Lebay. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our earnings call. Earlier today PSEG released earning statements for the second quarter of 2018. These materials including the release, financial attachments and accompanying slides detailing operating results by companies are posted on the IR website at investor.pseg.com. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30 has been filed with the SEC. The earnings release and other matters we will discuss during today's call contain forward looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA which differ from net income as reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR website and are included in today's live and in our earnings release. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Dan Craig, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. And thank you everyone for joining us today. PSEG reported net income for the quarter of $0.53 per share versus $0.22 in the second quarter of 2017. We also reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.64 per share versus $0.62 in the last year's second quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter rose 3% compared with the year ago period, reflecting continued strong performance at PSE&G and effective cost control and the lower corporate tax rate at PSEG power. Solid results for the quarter bringing non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2018 to $1.61 per share. A 4,5% increase over non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.54 per share earned in 2017’s first half. For the first half of 2018, we have made substantial progress meeting our objectives for the full year. On slide 6 and 7, we summarize the results for the quarter and the first half of 2018. At PSE&G earnings increased by $0.05 per share up 12% over second quarter 2017 results. The continued investment in PSE&G transmission and distribution programs was the primary driver of earnings growth for the quarter and year-to-date periods. PSE&G has made over $3 billion in electrical gas infrastructure investments in the past 12 months. Including, increased distribution spending, as we continuously strive to upgrade New Jersey’s aging infrastructure and to maintain high levels of customer reliability and achieve high customer satisfaction scores. PSE&G reached many significant milestones during the second quarter. Successfully executing on its capital programs. PSE&G recently finished construction of the third and final phase of the $1.2 billion, 345kv Bergen-Linden Corridor or BLC as refer to it. This project improve the liability, was one of the larger and more complex projects we have built and was finished safely on time and on budget. At the completion of the BLC line, our transmission project portfolio will focus on our 69kv system upgrade program, enhance the storm hardening, as well as lifecycle replacement to maintain reliability, increase good resilience and modernize aging plant. Turning to our ongoing distribution programs. PSE&G is completing the first phase of its Gas System Modernization Program, what we will refer to as GSMP. And this is replaced approximately 500 miles of gas mains in the last three years. We will begin the work on GSMP II in 2019. This next phase, a five year $1.9 billion program was recently approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and will enable us to replace an additional 875 miles of aging gas mains. In early June PSE&G filed for an extension of its energy strong infrastructure program, or ES II with the BPU. The key components of the $2.5 billion five year program are outlined for you on slide 17. The request this progressing at the BPU will enable us to continue investments to hardness our system against storms, replace aging or end-of-life infrastructure. And incorporated advance technology to improve grid management. PSE&G’s pending distribution base rate cases proceeding according to the schedule, including our early stage settlement meetings with the parties held in July, which will continue until August. We public hearings across the state were recently completed in the early July, and in the next week we will file a scheduled update with financial data for the full test year ended June 30th. We also expect the BPU staff and others to file their initial testimony in the coming weeks. As a reminder, in the absence of the settlement, we have the ability to self implement interim rates this November, consistent with regulations issued by the BPU last December. The BPU recently released their investigating report conducted in response to the multiple March 2018 Nor’easters that left many customers throughout the state without power. PSENG is reviewing the BPU’s report and its recommendations for improving storm response protocols, to ensure that our procedures are continually aligned with industry best practices. Among the BPUs recommendation, each utility is to submit within 180 days, of plan with an accompanying cost benefit analysis. So the implementation of Advance Metering Infrastructure, or AMI, focusing on the use and benefits of AMI for the purpose of reducing the number of customer outages as well as outage durations during a major storm event. Also as we discussed during our recent investor conference this past May, New Jersey Governor Murphy signed infill law clean energy legislation which adopts significant new standards for energy efficiency and the use of renewable energy. PSE&G plans to submit our Clean Energy Future or CEF filing. A $2.9 billion six year proposal align with New Jersey's energy policy goals that details a broad range of planned investments in energy efficiency, electric vehicle infrastructure and battery storage. The CES program sets targets for energy efficiency savings for electric and gas usage in a cost efficient manager broadly benefit our customers by helping to lower bills and better management energy uses. PSE&G's focus remains on providing customers enhanced reliability, a resilient system supported by green energy and bills that are affordable. We look forward to making this filing in the near-term supporting the state’s energy policy goals and bringing value to our customers. New Jersey's legislation enabling Zero Emission Certificate or ZEC was also signed into law by Governor Murphy in May. The legislation closer to BPU within 230 days to establish a process for ZEC's including determining eligibility and certification of need. And ultimately selecting nuclear plants to receive ZEC's starting in April 2019. The BPU will remain nuclear plant applicants based on considerations that include fuel diversity, air quality, and other environmental attributes. PSEG Power estimates that if all three of its New Jersey, nuclear units are selected, it could be eligible to receive ZEC revenues of approximately $200 million per year. PSEG Power placed into service the keys Energy Center and fee warrant seven combined cycle unit. Adding 1,300 megawatts of clean efficient gas fired generating capacity. Construction activities are ongoing at Bridgeport Harbor 5 which we expect to bring online mid 2019. Once Bridgeport Harbors is in service, it will complete reconfiguration powers merchant generation fleet that will improve its competitiveness in the marketplace. In June of 2018, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued an or refining a PJMs current capacity market is unjust and unreasonable because it allows resources supported by out of market payments to suppress capacity prices. FERK established a new proceeding to address an alternative approach in which PJM would one, modify its minimum offer price rule, so that it would apply some new and existing resources that receive out of market payments, regardless of resource type. And two, establish an option that will allow on a resource specific basis. Resources receiving out of markets support to be removed from the PJM capacity market along with the commencement amount as load for some period of time. We are participating in this proceeding and we will continue advocating for policies at the Federal level to correct flaws in wholesale markets design that suppress prices. While striving to obtain adequate recognition of the value that fuel diversity brings to a secure, resilient and well functioning electric grid. We expect that the growth prospects or PSE&G, the reconfiguration about merchant generating fleet and successful execution of our policy initiatives will allow PSEG to extend its track record of delivering value for our customers and growth for our shareholders. We intend to maintain our strong balance sheet and credit metrics that enable us to fund PSEG's projected capital investment program of $14 billion to $17 billion over the 2018 to 2022 period without the need to issue equity and continue providing shareholders with the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividend growth. Our non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2018 are supportive of our outlook for the full year and we are maintaining our full year guidance for 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings of $3 to $3.20 per share. With that, I will turn the call over to Dan, who will discuss our financials in greater detail and then we will join Dan at the end of the call for your questions.
Daniel Cregg: Thank you Ralph and thanks everybody for joining us today. As Ralph said PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2018 of $0.64 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.62 per share in the last year, second quarter. A reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter can be found on slide six. We have also provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 11 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 13 that provides you with the changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by each business, for the first half of 2018. I will now review each Company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $231 million or $0.46 per share for the second quarter of 2018 compared with net income of $208 million or $0.41 per share for the second quarter of 2017. Results for the quarter is shown on Slide 15. PSE&G’s second quarter results reflect continued successful execution of our infrastructure, investment programs and ongoing control of operating expenses. Growth in PSE&G’s investment in transmission improved second quarter net income comparisons by $0.03 per share. Revenue recovery of investments made to enhance system resiliency under the energy strong and gases to modernization programs drove improved margin in second quarter net income comparisons by $0.02 per share. Distribution O&M savings added a $0.01 per share over the second quarter of 2017 results. Changes to the accounting treatment of the non-service component of pension and OPEB expenses resulted in a favorable $0.02 per share comparison over 2017 second quarter. Partially offsetting the favorable margin items, were higher expenses related to depreciation interest in taxes that had a combined impact of $0.03 compared to 2017 second quarter. As a reminder, transmission revenues are adjusted each year based on the Company's investment program. PSE&G’s investment in transmission is expected to grow to approximately $8.6 of rate base at the end of 2018 or 45% of the Company's year-end consolidated rate base. Under Energy Strong, electric rates are adjusted twice during the year in March and September, and gas rates are adjusted each year in September. Under the Gas System Modernization Program, gas rates which are now adjusted each year in January to reflecting investment made during the prior year will move to a semiannual recovery schedule when we begin the GSMP II program in 2019. The combined annual revenue increase from 2018 over 2017 from both the Energy Strong and GSNP programs is forecast to be approximately $53 million. Economic Indicators for New Jersey continue to be generally positive, supported by gains in employment and housing data. Quarterly gas sales were higher influenced by cold April temperatures. On a trailing 12 month basis, which provides longer term trending data, weather normalized electric sales were relatively flat, while gas sales were 2.7% higher, led by demand from the commercial sector. Residential electric and gas customer growth continues to try and higher at approximately 1% per year and our forecast to PSE&G's net income for 2018 is unchanged at a $1 billion to $1,30 billion. Now let's turn to Power. PSEG Power reported net income for the quarter of $41 million or $0.08 per share, compared with a net loss of $97 million and $0.19 per share for the second quarter of 2017. 2017 included incremental depreciation and other expenses related for last June's retirement, Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2018 was $0.16 per share, compared to $0.19 per share in 2017. And non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2018 was $210 million compared to $261 million in 2017. And non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense and depreciation and amortization. The earnings release and Slide 21 provide you with a detailed analysis of the impact on Power's non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter. And we have also provided you with generations statistics for the quarter and for the first half of the year, on Slide 22 and 23. Power's non-GAAP results for the second quarter 2018 reflect the impact of lower market prices on re-contracting of our hedges which reduced operating earnings by $0.08 per share. Power experienced a $6 per megawatt hour decline and its average hedged energy price during the second quarter and this is consistent with our expectations for the full year. Lower volumes of $0.01 per share and higher O&M of $0.02 per share reflect the impact of Power so [quickly healing] (Ph) outage compared to the year ago outage of our 57% hometown sailing unit. An increasing capacity prices in PJM and New England, starting on June 1st improved quarter-over-quarter results by $0.03 per share and higher gas spend out as a result of cold April temperatures added a penny per share. The decline and depreciation expense related to the Hudson and Mercer coal requirements together with lower interest expense and a lower corporate income tax rate combined to improve quarterly comparisons by $0.04 for the quarter. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Generation output defined by 5% compared with the second quarter of 2017, reflecting the plan refueling outage and Hope Creek and other scheduled maintenance. Power's gas fired combined cycle fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 46% and produced 3.5 terawatt hours of output during the second quarter 2018, down by 11% over the years ago quarter reflecting outages and lower market demand. PJM coal generation output remain constant at 1.4 terawatt hours and operated at an 81% capacity factor in the quarter. And for the year-to-date period Power's nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 92.9%, producing 15.8 terawatt hours and representing 63% of Power's total generation. Gas prices were flat year-over-year and an improvement of Power prices is offset by lower market demand. Power has adjusted its forecast for expected 2018 through 2020 output to reflect current market conditions and now expects 2018 output of 53 to 55 terawatt hours, 2019 output of 57 59 terawatt hours and 2020 output of 62 to 64 terawatt hours down slightly from our earlier forecast volumes of 55 to 57 terawatt hours for 2018, 59 to 61 terawatt hours for 2019 and 63 to 65 terawatt hours for 2020. An update of Power’s hedge position is provided on Slide 25. For the remainder of 2018 Power has hedged 90% to 95% of total forecasted production of 28 to 30 terawatt hours, at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. For 2019, Power has hedged 65% to 70% of forecasted production at 57 to 59 terawatt hours, at an average price of $37 per megawatt hour. And for 2020, Power had hedged 35% to 40% of output, forecasted to be at 62% to 64% terawatt hours, at an average price of $36 a megawatt hour. Earlier this year in July, the State of New Jersey made changes to its income tax laws, including imposing a temporary sure tax on corporate taxable income of 2.5% effective January 1, 2018 through 2019 and declining to 1.5% in 2020 and 2021. The surcharge provides an exemption for public utilities and as such, PSE&G will not be impacted by this change. But for the full year 2018, the tax surcharge is expected to have a modest negative impact on results of Power and to a lesser extent on enterprise and other as each begins to accrue the surcharge, starting July 1 2018. Our forecasts of Power’s full year 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, remains unchanged at $485 million to $560 million and a $1,75 million to $1,180 million respectively. Now, let me turn to PSEG enterprise and other which reported a net loss of 3 million or a penny per share for the second quarter of 2018, compared to a net loss of $2 million for the second quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2018 were $11 million or $0.02 per share, representing no change versus the second quarter of 2017. The net loss for the second quarter of 2018 includes a pre-tax charge of $20 million related to the ongoing liquidity challenges facing Energy Rina, compared to a similar pre-tax charge of $22 million in the year ago quarter. Results this quarter also reflect higher parent interest expense offset by the lower federal tax rate at PSEG and ongoing contributions from our PSEG Long Island contract. For 2018, the forecast of PCEG enterprise and other non-GAAP operating earnings remains unchanged at $35 million. And I would like to take a moment just to recap our 2018 to 2022 capital spending plan of $14 billion to $18 billion, with approximately 90% directed to regulated growth initiatives at PSE&G. As we detailed in our investor day presentation in May, PSE&G’s five year $12 billion to $15.5 billion capital spending program supports our expected compound annual growth and rate base of 8% to 10% over the 2018 to 2022 period. The recent five year expansion of GSMP II at an approximately $1.9 billion is incorporated into the lower end of the spending and growth range at an average annual spend of approximately $350 million to $400 million which is an increase over GSMP I of approximately $75 million per year beginning in 2019. The upper end of the range as the full investment positions contained in our pending $2.5 billion Energy Strong II program. And our anticipated $2.9 billion dollar clean energy future program. That when combined, total approximately $3.5 billion through 2022. The timeframes for both Energy Strong II and our Clean Energy Future program extend beyond the 2022 horizon. So the tail end of both programs is beyond PSE&G’s 2018 to 2022 capital spending window. PSEG’s financial position remains strong. Powers free cash flow is expected to improve in 2018 with a decline in capital spending following the completion of construction at [Keys in C1] (Ph) And overall respect and improvement of PSEG's cash flow in 2018 versus 2017. PSEG closed the quarter ended June 30, 2018 with $95 million of cash on its balance sheet and debt representing 50% of consolidated capital. Power's that at the end of the quarter represented 34% of its capitalization, providing a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.7 times at the midpoint of Power's 2018 non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA forecasts. And well within Power's solid investment grade credit metrics. And I will know that it May Standard & Poor's a firm the credit ratings of PSEG, PSE&G, PSEG Power retaining each rating outlook at stable. We continue to expect the Power's improving cash flow beginning in the second half of 2018 will be directed to supporting regulated growth investments. PSEG continues to expect no new equity to fund our current capital spending program over the 2018 to 2022 timeframe and we stand firm on our commitment to providing our shareholders with the opportunity for consistent and sustainable dividend growth that has averaged nearly 5% annually over the last few years. As Ralph mentioned, we are maintaining our forecasts and non-GAAP operating earnings for full year of $3 to $3.20 per share. And Lebay we are now ready to take some questions.
Operator: Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is actually [Claire] (Ph) hopping in for Julien here.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Claire.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions here. So I appreciate the update on the rate case settlement negotiations. Just if you could provide a little more color on maybe progress on some of the critical issues and just anymore color you can get there?
Ralph Izzo: Claire, it's really difficult to reveal the details of the negotiation publicly. That doesn't seem fair to the other parties. But there is a bunch of issues that we had resolved even prior to this discussion in terms of storm costs and recovery of that. But we are under confidentiality agreement with the other parties to not discussed in negotiations at this point. I think we just stick with what we said in the script that what we are engaging in dialogue, it's been constructive. Summer vacations are now interfering a little bit. And at the end of the day, everything is on schedule and we always have recourse to interim rates and nine months after filing date of January. So as much as I would like to share with you we do have these confidentiality limitations.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, from a schedule standpoint we will provide the latest update as we step through times. So [indiscernible] I will be will be submitted on the 8th of August and things are moving according to schedule.
Ralph Izzo: Just to reminder that our ask is a net of attached give back a 1% rate increase and we will still be 20% below where rates were and are less rate case even if we got 100% of our ask.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it and appreciate the confidentiality aspect. Well, in that case, my second question here is probably could you give a little more color on how you see in this survey the BTU complaints on transmission cost - allocation and cost inflation and how you might address that?
Ralph Izzo: Sure. Well, first of all, let's make sure everybody understands that the issue is who pays not whether we get paid, right. So PSE&G will get fully compensated for its transmission investments as per our transmission rates and there has been some back and forth between who the beneficiaries are of things like the artificial islands, fidelity improvements, [indiscernible] and its impact on the New York ISO teams. And we have been working with the BPU to obviously as advocate for a fair treatment of New Jersey customers. So we are completely aligned in what we want to see happen there. So, we obviously had a couple of, not the best outcomes from New Jersey perspective at FERC recently, but there is no gap between what we want and what the New Jersey BPU wants. And again, I will end where I started, which is, there is no issue in terms of a shareholder recovery of what has been invested.
Unidentified Analyst: Got It. Could you give possibly one more color on some of the discussions at PJM to lower transmission costs or if there is anything could be always there.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean I think that there is two types of transmission projects that PJM has presented stuff that comes out of the ARCH, regional transmission expansion program that is generated by PJM and then there were additional non ARCH projects that have more of a local reliability component. So with that the company generate and there has been a movement at PJM which we have been supportive of to make the visibility of the justification for those projects more consistent with each other that hasn't been the case always in the past, primarily because the ARCH projects are bigger. So if you have one $750 million project like [indiscernible], you can understand why you would want to treat that different than 10. $75 million projects, like a 69 kv upgrade. But recognizing that customers and load serving entities and suppliers and all of the stakeholders at PJM have the right information, PJM has been moving towards a path of greater and greater upfront disclosure. We just have to make sure that we don't get to a point where diminishing returns where literally the eight figure project is or the seven figure project is getting the same amount of upfront time and disclosure that the nine and 10 figure projects demand that averages kind of the whole process.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. Next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta, from Citi Group. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys. So Ralph I wanted to get your view on the total capacity reform and the FERC proposal. It sounds like if you are going to remove both demand and supply from the capacity market it probably has a negative impact or at least not a positive impact on capacity prices. So first you want to get your view on that. And secondly what does that mean for resources that are getting support like zero emission credits. Does that mean they have to go the state to kind of get that refund for the capacity that they lost? Just some color, that would really appreciated.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Praful. So, I don’t think I’m being Pollyannaish when I say that I’m quite optimistic about what could come out of this. Although we don't know what will come out of this. And let me explain why this. Its first of all, let's level set the calendar right now. Borrowing in an unusual action by FERC to claw back prior RPM options. For the next three years, we know what our financial situation is right. We have three auctions that took place and those capacity prices are set and it's by no means coincidental that the first phase of the ZEC program in New Jersey, will coincide that we deliberately talked about three year horizons for the ZEC program, because of the visibility and capacity prices and fairly high visibility of energy prices will not deterministic way capacity question. So for three years, I think where we understand our financial situation pretty well, providers are New Jersey units are indeed selected from the ZEC payments which I don't want to presume to be the case. Now let's take a look at what FERC has said the reason for doing what they are doing. Number one, they said that they want to allow states flexibility and choosing their own resources. Well, when you get 60 out of 80 votes in this assembly and 20 out of 40 votes in the Senate and the governor signed the bill, you got it you got to feel pretty good at this state wanting to support its nuclear plants. And whether that is through and FR or some other mechanism, I have a very high degree of confidence that the state recognizes the energy, capacity and environmental attributes about nuclear plants. Now the devils of the details was to how that will be actually designed and recovered. But again, from a policy point of view, that feels pretty good to me. And then when you think about who brought the complaint and why they brought the complaint. The claim is that out of market payments which by the way is not limited to ZEC's, it's [REC's] (Ph) it's regulated generation in the market today that these out of market payments were serving to suppress capacity crisis. So if the goal is to correct for that, I feel pretty good about what that means for our powerful units. So somewhere between the goals and Ralph is feeling good about the goals and getting the details right is a fair amount of work to chop extensively over the next four months by January 9th, which has all sorts of other probations that are associated with in terms of how many FERC commissioners are there, who is filing for rehearing, who isn’t filing for reach hearing, et cetera, et cetera. So I don't want to suggest that there isn't uncertainty, but there is clearly. But I think if you hold on to the stated goals to eliminate price depression for the things that are receiving out of market payments, check that box for a powerful units. And number two, allow states to support those resources that they want support, check that box for our nuclear units. There is no other boxes for us to check. So, that is where I come out of [indiscernible] right now again, for the third time, we are actively engaged in the details of how one achieve that. And that is the part that no one is able to predict at this point. Dan, I don’t know if you want to add to that.
Daniel Cregg: No, I mean, just the only other thing I would add, if you think about the mechanics of it as well, properly, you talk about taking out the load and taking a generation, there is a reserve aspect that that would come with the load and how that gets worked through would also have an effect. But that would service if it was megawatt-for-megawatt loading generation, you absolutely would have the effect you are talking about to the extent that reserves are going to turn any kind of FRR alternative into a smaller version of what you are seeing in the market, meaning to it be with reserves. You would have a lesser impact or maybe no impact, based upon how that mass would work.
Ralph Izzo: And not to solve the problem here. But if the removed supply is a small subsets then presumably the reserve margin needed for that smaller market would have to be comparable if not higher than what you have 160,000 megawatt 13 state region so.
Praful Mehta: That is super helpful color. I mean and almost the depth of your answers also suggest the work the trough here and as you said, do you think that it can get done in January time frame or do you think this is kind of going to take more time?
Ralph Izzo: Instinctively, I would say probably will take more time, but I don't want to second guess the FERC and their stated schedule, but yes, I mean we would be kidding ourselves if history wasn't some sort of feature about how long these things take on something as complicated as this.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thanks so much guys.
Ralph Izzo: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning guys. A question on, I just curious what at the Analyst Day Ralph you said that you would on the CEF filling, it already held the 30 day pre-filing and that was kind of ready to go and, you slides today say later in the year, I think you said in the near-term but either way it seems to have been held off a little bit. Can you give us any color on why that is?
Ralph Izzo: Sure Jonathan. It’s very simple. We have got a wonderful opportunity here with Governor Murphy's passion for the types of things that are in that filing and we just want to work very closely with the front office in terms of policy alignment and you may or may not be aware of this, but June 30th is the end of the fiscal year for New Jersey. So until June 30th arrived it’s just impossible think of anything, but statewide budget conversations right. So even though Energy is important, it doesn't step in front of the state budget. So then you run into vacations. It's really just a question of being completely in sync with the policy of the administration and having a couple of things step in front of us for that, but nothing more than that. I would be surprised if it's much delayed at this point. Once we get some people back from vacation for just further detail.
Jonathan Arnold: What you are saying seems to imply might it might involve a little bit versus what you share with us.
Ralph Izzo: The program elements. I mean, we are determined to go in with this dollar amount. If anything this interesting, BTU comment on the importance of AMI for outage restoration could affect what we submit and that obviously would have the effect if anything, increases somewhat as opposed to decreasing.
Jonathan Arnold: That is what I was going to ask, do you have an [indiscernible] could feel what a full deployment would costs and it sounds like you are saying that would be incremental rather than displacing something else…
Ralph Izzo: No, you are correct. It would be incremental, rather I give that Jonathan that number Jonathan because we are just starting that conversation with BTU staff and rather not have them here for the first time in one of your reports. Even though they, they will written in wonderful reports.
Jonathan Arnold: But, to the point of incremental instead of what is the…
Ralph Izzo: I would think, it would be more incremental.
Daniel Cregg: We don't want it to take away from the other side.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay.
Ralph LaRossa: From a dollar amount standpoint as well, Jonathan. If you look at the spend that has been identified that we have been talking about that does align with the EE savings objectives that are laid out within the legislation, so that should hold fairly steady to get the savings that we need and having the spend that we have talked about.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Than just a one other topic if I may. Dan you mentioned the forecast output Power. I'm just curious if you could give us a little more color behind the -- why the changes in 2019 and 2020?
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I think Jonathan it’s a little bit of what we are seeing from a market demand perspective right now, and also a little bit related to whether or not the units are running through the night, and whether there is some [indiscernible] that is going on. So just, they moved from time-to-time and they remain estimates. And as we step through 2019 and 2020, we will continue to keep an eye on it. But the early indications now is that there is a little bit more downward pressure than up. So we are just providing that from the standpoint of our forecasts that output.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Gregory Gordon from Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Gordon: Hey, good morning. Actually uncertainty upon uncertainty but in addition to the 206 remains the capacity market and the Power markets are as was sort of first articulated in the last answer to the last question pretty low and more upon pricing lies but we have got this fast start pricing decision pending. There also seems to be a continued desire or on the part of PJM leadership to address the overall pricing model from an energy perspective. So it seemed to me that the revenue model for Power does have a lot of uncertainty on both size of the equation capacity and energy? But it would seem to me that they are both bias to the upside, but I don't want - rather than bias or answer I would like to hear what you think about the momentum for energy price for form as well both fast-start? And if a momentum can be reestablished on the [indiscernible] reform?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, I think what we are hearing is a fast-start chain and should be implemented as beginning of 2019 and then the broader inflexible unit aspects of price formation, PJM is committed to filing something at the end of this year. So I would agree with you Greg. My sense and this is not - it’s just that is that there has been enough delays in false-starts that it's hard to believe that either or both of those are fully baked into the full price curve at this point. So that would suggest that there is more upside I mean if the fast-start unit as lots of surprise, that is a good thing right and inflexible units fast-start surprise that is a good thing. But, I would be less than wholly accurate if I didn't say that when we last met at EEI I thought that it would happen around this time. At least PJM was saying we are not there yet. So there has got to be some degree of discounting going on and the full price curve. But we don't have just the full price preview, we do have a range of changing that we allow ourselves to gravitate up or down within some boundaries, but so short answer is yes, I would agree. There is some upside, but the delays of the past fully account where I think some of the steps moving that might not the fully price this into the forward curve.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. Thank you Ralph. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, Ralph. Good morning. So just a try and get a better understanding scenarios from the FERC structure. Like what you said, you kind have a protection for non-subsidize generation and a path for subsidize generation. I guess the only issue would be you would I assume need to get a new legislative structure then if you just - no it can be done with the current one?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, well I think yes, of course it depends what FREC says, but we have every reason to believe that the state could designate resource requirements that for example, legislation right now that is been signed by the Governor saying was 40% of its energy to come from nuclear plants. So that legislation exists. There is a real brand new legislation that exists in terms of renewable portfolio standard. So the approach we would think it could work is that the BPU would simply say that based upon that statutory authority using a couple of mechanisms that we have already started talking about what I would rather not go into detail here. It could be purely done through regulation without any need for additional legislation, fully supportive of the 3,500 megawatts of nuclear, 1400 megawatts of solar and whatever the headcounts. We have running around out there right now, which I’m not go into details.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. so the fact that there was a $300 million cap on the ZEC is not relevant for that aspect.
Ralph Izzo: It isn’t right because the ZEC was not a payment for Energy or Capacity, the ZEC was the payment for fuel diversity and environmental attributes. So to supply the load in New Jersey there has to be an Energy and the Capacity payment and that is wholly separate from the ZEC payment. That is, that was abundantly clear in the legislation and…
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just, I am just curious if in trying to figure out this whole picture, if you heard any updates on potential DOE fuel stability plan and just where that might be and how that fit into this.
Ralph Izzo: I had not - one could conclude that if price suppression is eliminated that could solve DOE’s concern about other units that are suffering from that price depression becoming viable again. But that is really an extrapolation that you would have to judge for yourself. The DOE issue has been out there for a while now, there is a resiliency technical workshop going on at FERC, I think there was a meeting yesterday if I'm not mistaken or two days ago, but I don't have any other information than what you probably have already read in the press.
Steve Fleishman: And then just on the AMI big picture program you mentioned. When we are going to - what be the date for when will get an update on that?
Ralph Izzo: So if we file it with the Clean Energy filing, it would literally be within a couple of weeks. If not also maybe a month or two. If it's done separately, that could be a little longer data that could still into the end of this year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock. Your line is now open.
Paul Patterson: Good morning guys. So just sort of a follow up on this capacity. It seems to me that if I understand thoughtful and - question, your answer like it seems to me that if I understand you correctly, you expect to see some additional form of mitigation measures to address the impact of essentially disrupt self supply for our specific resource alternatives. Is that Correct? And am I understanding that correctly?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that is right Paul. So what we understand, and FERC has said and its second step of the process was that, okay states if you want to assure your own resource adequately consisting of various components, then you can do that. And we will let you remove them from the market as well as the load associated with that. And I think we are profitably we are talking about is that, that second half of that sense is well, what is the load associated with that, right. So if resource adequacy and a 168,000 megawatt market is 16% or 15.8%, what is an adequate reserve margin when the market is 3000 megawatts. Is it higher, is it lower, I would argue it's much higher, because if you lose one nuclear unit out of 3000, you got q big problem. So maybe resource adequacy then. You have got, you are only taking your reserve margin needs to be 35%, I'm making stuff up here with us. So, the state wants that nuclear unit, it's painful environmental attributes, it's going to collect an energy price in the PJM market, it's and going to set a capacity price, presumably through a market proxy, that RPM would be agree duplicate for. And then it's going to leave behind a lot more load and it took out. And a lot less supply, then it's took out. Well that works nicely for the residual market. We just have to make sure that everyone else sees it that way.
Ralph LaRossa: At a minimum, if you do have that hypothetical situation that Ralph just talks about and as a shortfall with respect to the load in the resources that we are thinking out, what is going to happen is that that load is going to rely upon the balance of the market and the reserve that sits within the balance of that market. So a very strong reserve within the balance of that market is going to so the benefit of the low that was taken out for an FRR. So absent some kind of ability to ensure that that is compensated for there is a bit of a free rider issue. So logically tell you that there should be a reserve that is going to be appropriate for the smaller amount of load just come out.
Paul Patterson: I hear you. That really hasn't been done with regulated assets, right? I mean, we don't see that I mean PJMs, IRM has been done throughout the footprints or regional specific area, it doesn't seem like they said, okay, this union is co-op that they have - right I mean, that is why it seems a little novel to me, I mean I understand the logic and - but I appreciate that that will be interesting to see how it all works out. Just an energy [indiscernible]. How much motive we have last year? What is the net investment after all this?
Ralph Izzo: For the [indiscernible] there is an aggregate total of $20 million. So and those are the more acute areas. So there is very little that remains in that results.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So we are pretty much finished all I think.
Ralph Izzo: We do, I mean, we'll see what happens. Ultimately, there could be some timing aspects to the extent that that there is a process that goes forward within a bankruptcy scenario. There could be a write down in the aggregate to be followed at a later date by a recovery in the aggregate. So from the accounting conservative standpoint, you could see more down before there is a recovery. And it could be separated as opposed to that. That would be the other element that I would point out.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Ralph Izzo: Sure.
Operator: Thank you so much. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Cregg, there are no further questions at this time, so please continue with your presentation and closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Right yes, so thank you all for joining us, I know that Dan and [indiscernible] will be on the road next week, if I’m not mistaken and then for sure we will see everyone at EEI in San Francisco in November and once again we are pleased with where we are in terms of Power portfolio and the construction of the new units going into service and the ongoing growth, the utility with no shortage of opportunities, that continue to surface, the strength of the balance sheet and security of the dividend and look forward to seeing you on the road in San Francisco. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Cregg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Travis Miller - MorningStar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Fremont - Mizuho Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Nicole and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter Earnings 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Monday, April 30, 2018 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1P.M. Eastern today until 11:30 P.M. Eastern on Tuesday, May 8, 2018. It will also be available for audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings call. As you are aware, we released first quarter 2018 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 is expected to be filed shortly. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA and GAAP results. But I do ask that you all read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regarding forward-looking statements details the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made there in. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even in light of new information or future events unless required by applicable securities laws. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measures of operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA provide a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand operating and financial trends, but should not be considered an alternative to our corresponding GAAP measure net income. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up to provide enough time for everyone. Thank you. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen and thank you everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning we reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.97 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.92 per share in the last year's first quarter. Our GAAP results for the first quarter of $1.10 per share reflect solid operating and financial contributions from both businesses. This compares to GAAP results of $0.22 per share in last year's first quarter, which includes expenses associated with our decision to retire the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations. Details on the results for the quarter can be found on Slide 5. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter benefited from an increase in earnings at both PSE&G and Power. On the operating front, our service area experienced four consecutive Nor'easters in March that wreaked havoc on trees and power lines. The repeated battering of freezing rain, heavy snow and high winds caused widespread service outages to over 500,000 customers during two of the back to back storms. PSEG employees once again rose to the challenge beginning with comprehensive storm preparation and then efficiently and safely completing PSE&G and PSEG- Long Island customer restorations the utility then actually offered assistance to neighboring utilities. The diversity of PSEG Power's generating fleet was also responsive to the extremes in weather that range from a near zero temperatures experienced in January to the very mild weather in February. Eight days of severe weather in January however, demonstrated again the importance of fuel diversity. Power's high nuclear availability and greater use of oil was able to meet weather related demand. For the quarter, PSEG's nuclear plants achieved the near perfect capacity factor of 99.5% anchored by a record setting 517 consecutive day run at the Hope Creek generating station. We have successfully advanced many policy and regulatory initiatives during the quarter. Last week, PSE&G reached the settlement to expand and extent its Gas System Modernization Program. The settlement which is awaiting approval by the Board of Public Utilities would allow PSE&G to invest approximately $1.9 billion over five years beginning in 2019. This next phase of GSMP will replace approximately 875 of miles of gas mains and make other improvements that will reduce methane emissions and ensure we have the critical infrastructure needed to grow New Jersey's economy. PSE&G is also implemented transmission and distribution rate reductions to pester the benefits of recently enacted lower federal corporate tax rates to our customers. In addition, PSE&G filed with the BPU this past January its first base rate case since 2010. PSEG Power made significant progress in its continuing efforts to ensure the economic viability of its nuclear plants. With broad bipartisan support the New Jersey Legislature passed the Zero Emissions Certificate bill in early April, key provisions of the ZEC Bill as we refer to it are outlined on Slide 6. We are hopeful that the safety net mechanism to be implemented by the BPU upon Governor Murphy's signature will secure Power's nuclear fleet as a major source of New Jersey's carbon free energy supply and acts as a bridge through a cleaner energy future as the state implements companion legislation to further promote renewable energy. The major energy policy goals of the new clean energy bill are outlined on Slide 7. PSEG has been incorporating climate change considerations into its business planning and investment decisions for many years. We look forward to working with the Murphy administration as New Jersey pursues energy policies which recognize the value of existing carbon free energy resources and promotes new opportunities to advance New Jersey's clean energy goals. Also in the category of good news, we have reached the full and final resolution of the long standing FERC investigation into Power's cost based bidding matter. PSEG continues to focus on its strategic investment program of $13 billion to $15 billion over the 2018 to 2022 period. Earnings for PSE&G are expected to grow by 5% in 2018 to represent 65% of our full year 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings. The previously mentioned $1.9 billion of settlement providing for the second phase of PSE&G's Gas System Monetization Program is aligned with our investment goals and supports annual growth in PSE&G's rate base at the upper end of our forecasted rate of growth of 7% to 9% through 2022. PSEG Power continues to operates its assets safely and efficiently and remains focused on the cost discipline essential in today's power market. Construction of two of Power's three combined cycle gas turbines under construction, is expected to conclude around mid-year and will at 1,300 megawatts of clean highly efficient gas fired generating capacity in favorable locations. This significant list of accomplishments could not have been achieved without the tireless effort of many talented teams across PSEG, from the Utility's line crews and Power's plant operations to state government affairs, communications, regulatory, legal and finance. I'd like to recognize their exceptional contributions to our progress. Today we are reaffirming our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for the full year of $3.20 per share. At the midpoint this represents 6% increase over 2017's full year non-GAAP results of $2.93 per share. With the support of our 13,000 dedicated employees, we expect to be able to successfully deliver on the promise of our investment programs that should provide growth for our shareholders and a sustainable energy future for our customers. With that I'll turn the call over to Dan who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Daniel Cregg: Thank you, Ralph and Good morning everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.97 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.92 per share in last year's first quarter. On Slide 5, we've provided you with a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter. And we've provided you with information on Slide 10 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. Slide 11 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. I'll now review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G as shown on Slide 13, reported net income for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.63 per share, compared to $0.59 per share for the first quarter of 2017. PSE&G's first quarter results reflected continued successful execution of our infrastructure investment programs. Growth in PSE&G's investment and transmission added $0.03 per share or the first quarter. And recovery of investments made under the Gas System Modernization Program, improve net income by $0.02 per share and favorable weather comparisons added $0.01 per share versus the year ago quarter. PSE&G experienced higher cost associated with restoring service to customers following four storms that occurred over a 30 day period. The increase in storm costs when combined with the change in pension accounting standards from non-service costs increased O&M by $0.01. In addition, higher depreciation expense reflecting the utility's expanded asset base reduced net income by $0.01 per share versus the first quarter of 2017. Weather-normalized electric sales to residential and commercial customers rose by four tenths of a percent compared to the first quarter of 2017. Weather-normalized gas sales were higher by 1.6% in the quarter led by increased residential and commercial usage. Residential and commercial growth continues to trend higher at eight tenths of a percent per year. PSE&G implemented a revised $64 million annual increase in transmission revenue under the company's FERC approved formula rate effective January 1, after factoring in the $148 million decrease in its revenue requirement associated with a lower federal tax rate. PSE&G also reduced its distribution revenue by 114 million in response to the BPU's order to accelerate returning the benefits of federal tax reform to customers effective April 1. Combined, that's $262 million of benefit to customers. As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G the GSMP II filing with the staff of the New Jersey BPU rate council and other parties, which remains subject to BPU approval. The details of the agreement are summarized on Slide 16. Model this to the BPU's recently enacted infrastructure investment program or IIP initiative, the agreement will allow PSE&G to invest 1.9 billion over five years beginning in 2019 to continue and accelerate the replacement of cast iron and unprotected steel mains in addition to other improvements to the gas system. The settlement provides five year project visibility to efficiently plan labor, materials vendors and permitting. Approximately 1.6 billion of the total program will be eligible for semi-annual rate ruling's with the remaining 300 million to be addressed in a future base rate case. The return on equity for the GSMP II investment will be determined in PSE&G's pending base rate case and as part of the settlement PSE&G agreed to file a base rate case no later than five years from the commencement of GSMP II. We are maintaining our forecast of PSE&G's net income for 2018 of $1 billion to $1.13 billion. Moving on to Power, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.33 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of 313 million. This compares to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.30 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of 359 million for the first quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA includes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense. The earnings release and Slide 21 provide you with detailed analysis of the earnings having an impact on Power's non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income quarter-over-quarter. And we've also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter in Slide 22. Power's net income comparison for the first quarter reflects an increase in capacity prices of $0.01 per share. Re-contracting and lower market demand reduced results by $0.06 per share versus the first quarter of 2017. Plant maintenance increased O&M expense and reduced net income comparisons by one penny per share. And lower depreciation associated with the early retirement of Hudson and Mercer generating stations in June of '17, along with lower interest expense added $0.02 per share versus the year ago quarter. A reduction in the corporate tax rate for recently enacted federal tax reform and other tax items improves first quarter net income comparisons by $0.07 per share. Gross margin in the first quarter declined just $35 per megawatt hour from $37 per megawatt hour in the year ago quarter. Although power prices were higher on average driven by extreme temperatures in early January, lower market demand experienced in February lowered dispatch of Power's intermediate fleet. Compared to last year's first quarter Power experienced the $4 per megawatt hour decline in the average hedge price. This decline is lower than the anticipated annular reduction of $6 per megawatt hour forecasted for the full year. As a result the first quarter benefited from the cold weather experienced in January. We forecast average hedge prices for the remainder of the year to decline by more than $6 per megawatt hour resulting in an average decline for the full year of $6 per megawatt hour. Capacity revenues by comparison are expected to increase throughout the remainder of the year with the average price received scheduled to increase on June 1, 2018 to $205 per megawatt hour in PJM and to $314 per megawatt day in ISO New England, that's 205 per megawatt day in PJM. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Generation output declined modestly compared to the first quarter of 2017. Output was affected by severe winter weather at the start of the year. And in conjunction with an unseasonably warm February and higher planned outage hours at the Bergen and Linden combined cycle units, Power's gas fired CCGT fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 37% and produced 2.7 terawatt hours of output. A higher price for gas in the quarter favored a shift to more production from coal, which generated 1.5 terawatt hours and a doubling of peaking output. Power's nuclear fleet operated an average capacity factor of 99.5% for the quarter, producing 8.4 terawatt hours representing 66% of total generation for the fleet. And of note, Hope Creek's strong performance was evidenced by a breaker-to-breaker run 517 consecutive days of production before entering its planned refueling and maintenance outage on April 13. Power continues to forecast an improvement in output for 2018 to 55 to 57 terawatt hours. For the remainder of 2018, Power has hedged 80% to 85% of total forecast production at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. For 2019, Power has hedged 60% to 65% of forecast production of 59 to 61 terawatt hours at an average price of $37 per megawatt hour. And for 2020, output is forecast to be 63 to 65 terawatt hours with 35% to 40% of forecast output hedged at an average price of $36 per megawatt hour. The forecasted increase in output for 2018 to 2020 includes generation associated with the mid 2018 commercial startup of 1,300 a combined cycle capacity at the Keys Energy Center in Maryland and at Sewaren in New Jersey and the mid 2019 commercial startup of the 485 megawatt combined cycle unit at Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut, that will also mark the conclusion of Power's construction program. I'd also like to update you on the conclusion of the FERC investigation for Power's cost based bidding matter that has been pending since 2014. Last week FERC issued an order fully resolving this issue. Financially, Power has recorded an incremental $5 million pretax charge to income in accordance with the order, which included $8 million non-tax deductible penalty, so $0.02 impact from that item. And operationally we do not believe that the order will have any material impact on Power's ongoing business operations. We continue to forecast Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2018 and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA at 485 million to 560 million and $1.75 billion to $1.180 billion respectively. Now let me briefly address the operating results from Enterprise and Other. For the first quarter Enterprise and Other reported net income of 5 million or a penny per share versus a net loss of 15 million or $0.03 per share in the first quarter of 2017. Net income for the first quarter of 2018 reflects the absence of tax benefits in the year ago quarter at PSEG Energy Holdings and higher interest expense is apparent. The net loss in the first quarter of 2017 included $55 million pretax charge related to the continuing liquidity issues facing energy arena partially offset by tax benefits at PSEG Energy Holdings and the forecast for PSEG Enterprise and Other net income remains unchanged at $35 million. PSEG closed the quarter with $118 million of cash on the balance sheet with debt at the end of March representing 49$ of our consolidated capital and debt at Power representing 28% of its capital at the end of the quarter. Based on our strong balance sheet and credit metrics we are able to fund our five year capital investment program without the need to issue equity. We continue to forecast our non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of $3 to $3.20 per share. That concludes my remarks and I'll now turn the call back to Nicole for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from Julien Dumoulin Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, I wanted to follow up on the latest clean energy bill signed at the legislation that passed. Can you define a little bit more specifically the energy efficiency opportunity at the Utility to how to think about the net income impacts at the end of the day and then separately related just the possibility of pursuing offshore wins given its risk profile and given your current position, I mean how do you think about approaching or tackling that opportunity here or if at all?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, so Julian thanks for the question. We are generally excited by the Murphy administrations stated energy policies. As I think you know, we've been strong at the case of energy efficiency. We've done in kind of small bites; I think total over the past10 years or may be little bit north of $400 million worth of energy efficiency programs. And the clean energy bill anticipates 1.50% or 2% reduction depending on whether it electrical gas. I think it's 2% on electric and three quarters of a percent on gas. And the BPU is going to come up with rules, but surprise to say we've been thinking about this for a good long time, as the legislation also talks about recovering that utilities have the right to file annually to recover their cost including return on and off their capital and loss revenues as well. So this is great news and we will jump into this feet first and deliver universal access to energy efficiency for all the New Jerseyan's. On the offshore wind piece, we don't have a track record on the offshore wind, but we do have at least offshore and we do have a partner that's part of a JB that we have in place. So I would say that whether it's a participant in the transmission aspect or in the offshore wind aspects the form itself - that's probably not quite as mature in our own thinking as the energy efficiency, but overall this notion of a sustainable energy future is one we've been talking about for a decade or more and we are excited by the prospects that are created.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: But just to clarifying the EE piece of this, I mean, how do you think about that in the context of de-coupling specifically and maybe that's a more wrecked question and separately if I can re-characterize a little bit how you describe when you talk to that sort of initial 400 million of cumulative spending. I mean, how does that compare versus what prospective you've been talking about even in order of magnitude?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I said that's right, an order magnitude difference. We analytically released our planned number for filing, but we have said that we anticipate putting a filing before the middle of the year and we still are on track to do that. I'd rather not give a specific number because there's a pre-filing meeting we need to go through before the Board of Public Utilities and they deserve to hear that kind of before we start blurting it out in the quarterly Earnings call. But it is an order of magnitude difference in terms of the opportunity.
Daniel Cregg: And to your point Julian, related to the rate case, we did file a de-couplings mechanism as part of the rate case and that really fits hand in glove with, what's going on from an energy subsidy standpoint.
Julien Smith: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta: Alright thanks so much. Hi guys.
Daniel Cregg: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Hi, so on the GSMP and the settlement and the distribution rate case, I'm trying to understand, where you're saying that if you achieve both you would be at the upper end of the 7% to 9%, just wanted to confirm that?
Ralph Izzo: So, it's a combination of multiple factors Praful, there is the rate case which includes various tax give backs that have to do with also change in federal tax policy and differed tax balances. There's GSMP II which takes up $300 million per year prior GSMP per room up to about 375 million per year program. It is still the number one investment area that we will be focused on, which is transmission and all of our expectations there. And then there is some expectation for continuation of energy strong and energy efficiency, but not at numbers that we have completely disclosed yet, but when you add all that together, at least just think that we're bias towards the higher end of the 7% to 9% range, but then you may want to turn the real stone.
Daniel Cregg: Gary, we said we are on the higher end of that and we anticipate being there and Praful I guess if we think about the rate case, the rate base element of that, it is a couple of things. One, it's the rolling some remaining portion of some prior clauses, but it's also rolling in the give back on some of the taxes effect. So with the way we characterized that earlier in the year was that we always talked about our growth rate and as we continue the capital program that we have, the existing rate base goes up. So, you're jumping off at a higher base and last year we were at about 7% to 9% growth rate, this year right about 7% and 9% growth. But, that higher base was really offset by some of the tax flow back that we would anticipate. So, that is what - basically the rate case and that flow back would hold you about steady and then with the existing GSMP settlement plus energy strong. Two, which we've talked a little bit about and possibly an energy filing we would anticipate moving higher up within that range.
Praful Mehta: Got you, that's super helpful. So, just to clarify, I think you said 600 million will be unprotected BTL on I think previous calls, is that re-fund expected to happen pretty soon? And is that part of like the growth that's kind of flowing in to the rate base?
Daniel Cregg: That will ultimately be determined in the rate case. So I think that the bulk of the excess deferred are going to be through the average rate assumption method, which will be a longer term period but some of that, in addition to some of the excess deferred it's going to be worked through the rate case related to some other item. So we will know more about that toward the end of the year.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough and just quickly on ZEC. Congratulations to where it's kind of come out so far, just wanted to understand in terms of the three year extension, it sounds like if the prices don't change meaningfully, you have a shot at continuous extensions. But, just wanted to understand from your perspective, how do you see that extension discussion going? Because if you do get the three year, what does it take to kind of happen next three year extension?
Ralph Izzo: So, first of all you got to realize that the ZEC price is not tied to market price, right. The ZEC price is an attribute payment for the carbon and field diversity dimensions of nuclear power. There is a consumer protection put in the bill that goes to simply the affordability of ZEC's, when viewed in a context of overall energy prices that customers have to pay. As well as a provision in the bill that anticipates a review by the BPU as to whether or not the plans are in any kind of economic de-rest. So, that's what the three year review is for right. Can New Jersey continue to afford to pay for zero emissions energy and that's a question the BPU will have to answer on behalf of the customers. We will always be mindful, both on behalf of customers, but on behalf of our shareholders as to whether or not the plans are making their cost of capital on a risk adjusted basis and if they are not then we will close the plan. It's not [indiscernible] that's just to share responsibility. And we will always work extra hard to make sure New Jersey is aware of those situations and what that means in terms of the wars of attributes. So I just think it's a - as you know in nuclear space nothing happens in less than a year anyway and in RPM and PGM world things tend to happen in three year increment. So, just checking in every three years as to affordability, economic viability seems like very natural rhythm to put in to public costs.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough, thanks so much guys.
Ralph Izzo: Nicole, do we have any other questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning guys.
Daniel Cregg: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Just on the energy efficiency and I hear you comment about filing by the middle of the year and then needing to go through a pre-file with the BPU. Is it a reasonable expectation that you'd be through that and able to give us a little more flavor by the time of the Analyst Day?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so we should definitely get the pre-file done before the Analyst Day, Jonathan and then we will tell you everything that we plan to file that point correct.
Jonathan Arnold: So, the filing itself might not have been made, but you'll have a better sense of the scope of it?
Ralph Izzo: It will be because the pre-file meeting is - there's a 30 day clock that starts from then and as you know the Analyst Day is on the 31and we haven't had the pre-file meeting yet although we like to have it.
Jonathan Arnold: So, now I've got hearing you tell us a bit more than you told us today?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah and we'll tell you lot more. We are just too excited not to tell you a lot more so. This is a favor.
Jonathan Arnold: Switching to something a little different, Slide 22 on power generation measures and just wanted to understand a little better, the coal costs up 9 million, it's about over 25% and the generation was a more like mid-single digits. So, is that just the fact that you're less hedged than you have been in the past and you are buying some spot to cover the extreme weather or is it a contract rolling off or how should we think about that, when we're trying to calculate coal cost for the rest of the year?
Daniel Cregg: I don't think I would too much weight into that Jonathan. I think it's especially if I think about it from an overall component of the generation. I think what we saw was really a little bit more reliance on coal because of the weather, and I think on an ongoing basis, I don't anticipate it to be much of an impact as we go through the rest of the year.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I didn't do the numbers Jonathan. But if you look at that slide, you'll see that Pennsylvania is down a little bit and Connecticut's up quite a bit and Pennsylvania is a lot more expensive coal.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, that's helpful, thank you. But then on the oil piece presumably the denominator for those few –25 million of cost is in the gas segment?
Ralph Izzo: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold: And again is there any - I guess what I'm trying to get a feel for is to what extent the weather may have actually hurt you at Power this quarter.
Daniel Cregg: I think it had a lot to do with what you are seeing on the delta quarter versus quarter from sample on the oil. That number under normal situation would be much, much lower and what you saw was prices moving up and gas getting a little bit tighter and gas prices going to extreme levels for the quarter. So, I think what you saw was much more an anomaly with respect to oil burn for the quarter and that's all -
Jonathan Arnold: Did you make that up in price or was that really just lost margin?
Daniel Cregg: We were economic when we were running on oil. So, if we weren't economic we wouldn't have been running. But, if you took a look at where gas prices were, I mean gas prices during that part of the year, very early part of the year we were dressing up looking like a very healthy age old power prices as opposed gas prices, well up into the double digits.
Jonathan Arnold: So, you don't feel that there was the - net-net this was a drag on the quarter, it just the moving pieces within the revenue and cost lines?
Daniel Cregg: Yeah, I think that's right. I think some anticipated spark for earlier January wasn't quite were we would have wanted it to be because gas prices basically push you into oil which had lower margin. But it was a fairly short term phenomenon in January and anomaly. But it really does drive all the oil burn that you see there for the quarter.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Gordon: Thanks, good morning. We were on the subject of PSE&G Power, there's several initiatives at PJM that are certainly in their pendency whether it's capacity market, design update or DC pricing, fast start pricing. I believe Andy put out a letter recently indicating that he hoped those three things would get done this year. Can you review what's your expectation is for the timing on those and the potential impacts on Power and then there's one thing extent, which is the management of PJM still seem support of overall price perform. There hasn't been much progress there, so can you give us an update on your expectations on that front?
Ralph Izzo: Sure Greg, sure. On capacity market reform we've been public that we prefer the two phase approach, which is the PJM preferred approach even though they submitted the market monitors [indiscernible] based approach as well. I think we have every reason to believe that will go on to effect by May of '19, obviously that won't have any effect on the current RPM. So, I think that's the timing there. I would view fast-start as yet another piece of the price formation puzzle. I know that many people including ourselves talked about the inflexible unit dimension of price formation. But fast-start does have now a proposed zero threshold element to it, which is characteristic of inflexible units right. They can't move over the time frames that PJM is seeking. We've never been one to quote whether or not the forward price curve has these numbers in it nor have we been one to quote what these changes will mean to the forward price curve. We just say the market is the best determinant to that and our all internal views will influence whether we hedge a little bit to the high side or to the low side of our own internal disciplined approach. I think Andy, himself has said that these should be able the energy prices fixes should be able to be put in place by a little bit more than a year from now, but sometime in the summer of '19, so that is a delay. I think that once upon a time there was a talk of fall of '18 for some of these reforms, but I think the combination effect has introduced that [indiscernible]. I think the good news if I might is that the PGM board appears to be willing to undertake what's called the Liaison process [ph] as opposed to the full-fledged stake holder process, which can put a little bit more of a limitation on the amount of time. I should by the way point out that in terms of RPM, we prefer the status score, but the middle of that PGM is made we think the two phase approach is better than one phase approach. I don't think PGM has given up on the full inflexible unit pricing, they see that as part of their resiliency discussion which continues comments due back from I think the rest of us, [indiscernible] has already made their comment, ours is due back I think in the middle of June or the middle May, I suppose. So, it's still working process not over by any shreds or something's that's bit of a date certain - are either capacity market reforms and energy market forms we think are still creep into the market.
Gregory Gordon: Thank you for the update.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller from MorningStar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Reading through the ZEC, it sounds like there could be out-of-state plans that would be eligible and most interested in your thoughts Peach Bottom plant if that is true, if I am in fact reading the ZEC correctly?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Travis, you are absolutely reading it correctly. The bill simply says that New Jersey wants 40% of its power supply by nuclear energy and it does not limit geographically. In terms of there being - more than 40% of New Jersey's electricity being deliverable by nuclear power plants whether its Salem, Hope Creek, Peach Bottom or a variety of others. Then there's a ranking system that the BPU is encouraged to undertake that is really driven off of the greatest impact on New Jersey from an air quality point of view and various other parameters that are detailed in the legislation. But the short answer to your question is yes. Out of state plans would be eligible, but New Jersey would not support or coincide to legislation more than 40% of its energy being supplied by nuclear power.
Travis Miller: Okay, what's the thought that Peach Bottom would rank at the bottom, just giving us on New Jersey?
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't want to pre-determine what the BPU will do. Peach Bottom will compete with Salem and Hope Creek and [indiscernible] but it doesn't.
Travis Miller: Yeah, sure, so second question on the clean energy bill. What components specifically could generate rate base growth if any? Just clarifying a couple I guess?
Ralph Izzo: There are multiple, right. So the utility has done grid connected solar, utility done roof top solar and the utility has done energy efficiency, it has done pilot programs in battery storage technology, so various - no shortage of opportunities that are expanded in the clean energy world. Two others, there's a transmission components offshore wind, there's offshore wind itself, so I think you just have to remember what the Governor says, he sees nuclear power as an important bridge to renewal future and the renewable future he has in that bill which he has not signed yet, is the 50% renewable target in 2035. And we expect to be participants in every aspect of that sustainable energy agenda.
Travis Miller: Got it and those are investments you foresee could go under rate basis and not just on an exit to rotate collections right?
Ralph Izzo: That's correct. Well, I mean yes. Look the reality is in New Jersey just given our geographic and natural resource profile, you are not going to be able to do merchant seller or merchant off shore wind, those will have to be supported through some type of regulatory revenue stream that's either in the form of renewable energy credit and - or some other mechanism. And again on the offshore wind piece I just want to empathize that while we have at least - we've never done that before, so we would be interested in the transmission component probably as much if not more than the actual wind farms and we are - as I said a moment ago, we are all in on energy efficiency piece.
Daniel Cregg: I think some elements of the legislation Travis, talks specifically about utilities investing and having recovery, I don't know, like the energy efficiency. Off shore wind, very different situation, not specifically laid out as to how that will work out. In fact, the legislation really calls for a study for that to be determined - things like that to be determined.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey good morning.
Daniel Cregg: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just ZEC under suspect [ph], when is the Governor expected to sign the nuclear legislation?
Ralph Izzo: Paul, so he has - so the New Jersey Governor has 45 days to act on legislation and that action could be either an outright veto which would require two thirds majority of the legislation to over write, something called the conditional veto which is like this except for and then he sends it back to legislature to change the piece that you like except for or to sign in for law. In addition, if he doesn't act for 45 days, it automatically goes it for a while. So those are the options.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So let me ask you this. If we don't get in signing it by the RPM auction which is in that far from now, how should we think about how that might effect, how you guys would be bidding into the capacity auction?
Ralph Izzo: You know we never comment on our bidding in plans prior to the auction but I - let's say this that we would view things differently if we do the legislation versus simply not get around to signing it yet. So those are two things.
Paul Patterson: I see. Okay, I got it. So, okay, absolutely you guys sort of expecting that this bill be enacted?
Ralph Izzo: You know he is - like ever wants to pretend to be constraining your government. He is a very important person and he is a talented person one that we admire. So I am not going to try to tell me what to do on an earnings call. But having said that I mean he has been outspoken and supportive of nuclear is a bridge to renewable energy in the future and he is also been outspoken and support of the important of those jobs so South Jersey. So I feel pretty good about those public statements on this part.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then the LG efficiency program, just how should we think about how that impacts the demand forecast longer term and just in general how we should think about how you see energy demand for electricity demand working in the State?
Daniel Cregg: You know Paul, we've been working hard to try to remind investors that the utility growth story is really independent of demand growth. Demand growth are the absence of it has significant implications for how regulations needs to be restart to avoid the compounding of inevitable when regulatory lag on investment returns. But PSE&G's growth over the past ten years and its continued future growth really is about an aging infrastructure and these replacement and a higher degree of customer service and customer demand for clean energy future. And I am absolutely convinced that we can continue to invest in a resilient grade cleaner energy and more efficient use of energy which would - that third piece would help lower customer bills and put smiles on our shareholders. So I think that energy efficiency is an important part of controlling the bill from the point of view of the extra cost associated renewable energy and making the group more resilient.
Paul Patterson: So you guys had demonstrated that too, so you guys have been the head of the group on that, but I guess sort of wondering though it does have an impact perhaps on non-regulated generation not just in your state but all over. So what you guys like be doing could have an impact there, I am just sort of curious is to what you guys think. And just roughly speaking all these demands - what you see the demand for cost kind of being?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I think RPM is a good example, demand forecast is down. I think that's the consecutive year over some large single digit number, well that's been the case. We've obviously made the decision in our own service territory that power has a much bigger market in which you plan and therefore to the extent that our own efforts cannibalize power, we've been willing and continue to be willing and continue to be willing to do that. I do think that the primary supply demand economics in the wholesale market are going to be determined as much by the shrinkage of supply as it is going to be determined by any changes in demand.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael [indiscernible] from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, thank you for taking my question. One easy one, you have talked about this in prior earnings call during Analyst Day, haven't circle back on this a bit. Can you just talk about how much extra balance sheet capacity that you think the company has right now, meaning either the fund, incremental rate base closed or incremental renewable growth at PS Power. Just kind of when you think about your credit metrics in a post-tax reform world and balance sheet strength, how big is that balance sheet strength?
Daniel Cregg: And Michael, I think you'd want to think about it really in two steps right, we've talked about the ability to fund the capital plans such as we have without the need for any addition equity. And then as you mentioned consistent with we talked about it in the past, if we take a look at our existing credit statistics and you take a look at where some of the threshold points are, you got somewhere in the order of $1 billion of excess at PSEG Power which then can be utilized at the utility within the existing regulatory capital structure. So that can be matched with debt and so you'd come up with that double if you think about from a utility overall investment incremental standpoint without having any impact on the existing ratings.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And incremental for potential holding incremental holding company leverage or do you just think about it as if opportunities came up for incremental investment at power or at E&G, you would simply make the leverage down at power?
Daniel Cregg: I think that the leverage could happen at power or at the parent company. I think we've had some parent company debt and we tend to talk a look at what makes them more sense from economics standpoint when looking to source that debt. So I think that it could be at either location but I think you are in the same ballpark when I talk about the numbers that I just referenced.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you, Dan, much appreciated.
Daniel Cregg: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont from Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. I guess the first question would be on the clean energy bill. When I think of the 7% to 9% rate based growth target and the fact that you guys are seeing yourself footed with the upper end. Do the investment opportunities under the clean energy bill keep you within that 7% to 9% band or would that potentially put you outside of that band?
Ralph Izzo: So I'd rather give more detail on the band at the upcoming investor conference Paul, right now because I think we'll have more information coming out of our pre-filing meeting with the board staff and hopefully definite resolution of the nuclear build by that point in time.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And then sort of a quick question on Hope Creek, the 60 megawatt upgrade that was approved, when would that take affect?
Ralph Izzo: It was 16 or 60?
Daniel Cregg: 16.
Ralph Izzo: 16, it was much small. You know I have to get on it Paul, I don't know the answer. Our nuclear has been jammed with broader issues than 16 out of the 1100. It wasn't occur - I mean this was a change I believe and our problem was to take risk assessment that allowed us to run the plant at different numbers. But I'm tempted to say it's coming out.
Daniel Cregg: I think coming out of this outage is the right answer, but we can't confirm that for you.
Paul Fremont: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: Any questions we can answer for you Paul?
Paul Fremont: No, that's good. Thank you very much and congratulation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So my only question is you guys in the past mentioned that you might try to pursue electric retail in the mid-Atlantic, we haven't actually had much, haven't heard much about it. And you know do you think that this is still something you'll be interested in and so do you think that this would be done organically or would you need to acquire every tool book? Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, Angie, thanks for the question. We're still at work, it is exclusively an organic effort. We did look at the potential for acquisitions but given that the purely defensive nature of this effort and our desire for it to basically help us improve our margins based on our own assets. You know there's been no book that kind of sit back to high enough degree of accuracy that the transaction costs what those swamped the benefits of, because whatever book we bought, we have to sell off a piece of it and that would be suboptimal. So we're continue to pursue an organic growth strategy there.
Angie Storozynski: Cool. And my other question on the regulated side. So even your rate base what you grow at 9%, would you consider acquisitions of other regulated under invested systems than your, around your service territory or in the same state?
Ralph Izzo: You know we always, there are logic announcements. I don't know if any that are available in that state that are bigger entity. So we always look at those right, but we've been very public that we are quite an advert with our organic growth strategy and without any disrespect to our colleagues in the industry sometimes are puzzled by the premiums that others are willing to pay and we've not putting a little pencil of those in the way that works. But we always look at those possibilities.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning. Sorry, quite buggy with some clarifications but just on the weight base growth comment, could you clarify what the base of your growth forecast, is that change due to some of the tax reform adjustments or is it the same current base level 37 to 9?
Ralph Izzo: Hi Steve. I think probably I'll let Dan dive into that. Yeah, but that's just a year end 2016 number, because 2017 number which is $17 billion.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So the base is still the same base?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah.
Steve Fleishman: And then and saying that you might be toward the high end that is including the GSMP but nothing else defined?
Daniel Cregg: It would include as we look forward, some opportunity related to future filings right. So I would say that if we had nothing beyond the GSMP filing will be more middle of the road within that range and with the opportunity for future filings, we could see the opportunity to go higher than the middle of the range.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So it may include some of these clean energy investments or?
Daniel Cregg: And any other adjustments as we step forward through time, yes, yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then - yeah, I am good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Weinstein: Hey Ralph. It's Mike Weinstein. A quick question. You said before you prefer the status quo for the current capacity market reforms I believe, I've heard some similar sentiment on and I'm just wondering what, is it about the status quo that's better than any of the proposal systems out there?
Ralph Izzo: I just said it the status quo has new plants being mopped as opposed to existing plants being mopped and it doesn't interfere with the state's ability to price attributes that the market isn't currently pricing. So we just don't see a need for this kind of a modification at the current time.
Mike Weinstein: I mean do you think any - is it that you think the modifications won't have an effect at all or?
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no. I mean they will have different effects, I think that the two phase approach at least continues to allow states to recognize the value of renewables and carbon free energy sources. The market monitors approaches this for tracked administrative battle over what constitutes the appropriate minimal of offer price which as you know can be moved quite a bit depending upon whether you believe something has a 30-year life or 40 depreciable life if you cross the capital's X or 1.1X or 0.9X. So to characterize that is a correction to ensure the market is working properly. I think is inaccurate, I think it's a correction to assure administrative power refers to people who want to have administrative power and that's not necessarily consistent with markets. I mean what we are all dancing around here is we need a price on carbon and then let the market pick the technology. And then I think you see every participant in the market sign up for that, or it's for me the carbon heavy participants I guess.
Mike Weinstein: Is that more handle better on the energy side basically and then you think, yeah total capital market reforms are currently distraction of some sort maybe?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, you've got a collapse an interim marginal revenues because there's no carbon price in energy markets. And that collapse in from marginal revenues, high fixed costs participants are getting crushed and that's, and yet people are saying they want the attributes of these high fixed cost participants are. You know you have the decoder ring right, the high fixed cost participant, there's a nuclear plant and yet people are paying record prices of anywhere from $5 to $200 per ton of carbon. And so the markets just got these inherent inconsistency is built into it. so if we did get a single price on carbon in energy markets then the in for marginal revenues will increase and the fixed cost recovery would be mitigated and then capacity markets can do what they were supposed to do, being for a liability mechanisms and nothing more.
Mike Weinstein: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Ralph Izzo: You're welcome. And I think we have time for one more question and then we'll I think let folks out the day back.
Operator: It sounds like there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: It's always a magic no matter where you are, whether it's a teleconference or public speaking, if we say one more questions there are no questions but that's great. So anyway, so thank you folks for joining us today and I hope you heard from Dan and I that there's a lot of good things happening at PSEG and they range from a continuation of a $143 to $15 billion investment program 90% of which is going to the utility and leads to be biased towards the upper end of that 7% to 9% rate base growth looking out to 2022 twenty offered the higher base in at the end of 2017. Again we've got to give kudos to the great work done by our utility crews and our power plant operations during what were some very, very difficult circumstances certainly in January. And Kudos to our regular team and all of our support functions for the strives that made on some of the policy fronts with the settlement of GSMP II and legislation that recognizes the value powers, nuclear generation, I mean getting 60 out of 80 votes in the assembly and 30 out of 40 votes there on basis, I think validates what we've been saying along that New Jersey will recognize the important of these plants to our environment, to our cost of energy, to our economic wellbeing and that they are much cheaper to keep than they are until it's shutdown. And then of course our ongoing commitment to maintain our financial strength which gives us flexibility to support the growth and dividend, fund these rate based growth investment and no need to issue equity and still some balance sheet capacity leftover. So hopefully we'll see all of you on May 31. I know that's the weekend after that's Memorial Day, so coming Chubby's or whatever other beach where you have, we will have a great conversation about the rate base growth in detail where we are with our PM and I think there is a brand of clothing. And we'll see you soon. Thanks a lot everyone. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - IR Ralph Izzo - President & CEO Dan Cregg - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Praful Mehta - Citigroup Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Securities Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Shelby and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2017 and Year End Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 23, 2018 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2 o'clock P.M. Eastern Time today until 11:30 P.M. Eastern Time on Friday, March 2, 20178. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings call. As you are aware, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings results earlier today. The release and attachments as mentioned are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter and year. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017 is expected to be filed early next week. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But I do ask that you all read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regarding forward-looking statements details the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made there in. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change unless required by applicable securities laws. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSE&G believes that the non-GAAP financial measures of operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA provide a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand operating and financial trends, but should not be considered an alternative to our corresponding GAAP measure net income. I'm now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, and we hope to get to everyone's questions. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen and thanks everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2017, a $0.57 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.54 per share earned in the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of $2.93 per share versus 2016 non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.90 per share were above the midpoint of our guidance range which was $2.80 to $3 per share. Our GAAP results for the full year of $3.10 per share included onetime non-cash benefits associated with the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities at enterprise and PSEG Power associated with a reduction in the federal tax rate and expenses associated with our decision to retire the Hudson & Mercer coal fire generating stations in June of '17. Details on the results for the quarter and the full year can be found on Slides 5 and 6. Successful execution of our capital program at PSE&G, an increased output coupled with strong cost control at PSEG Power offset earnings weakness experienced earlier in the year from abnormal weather conditions. Non-GAAP operating earnings from our regulated utility business grew 8.6% in 2017 as PSE&G's investment program expanded rate base by 12.5% to $17 billion at the end of the year. The utilities earnings have grown at an annual rate of approximately 13% over the past five years which is in line with its growth in rate base over this timeframe. While the growth in earnings occurred with PSE&G maintaining cost discipline -- I'm sorry, the growth in earnings occurred with PSE&G maintaining cost has been while was successfully implementing infrastructure programs that upgraded its electric and gas systems to make them both, more reliable and resilient. Importantly, PSE&G has achieved these results as customer bills have declined. This past January the utility filed it's first distribution base rate case since 2010. The filing which was required by the 2014 energy strong settlement calls for a 1% increase in revenue as it incorporates a reduction in revenue associated with the decline in the federal tax rate. Also in January PSE&G updated it's 2018 annual transmission formula rate with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; the update reflecting a lower federal corporate tax rate reduced the utilities annual transmission revenue requirement by $148 million. The timing of the reduction in the federal tax rate and the base rate filing places us in a position to pass along tax savings to our customers and keep rates low allowing us to continue to improve our ageing infrastructure. As important, PSE&G's achievements allowed us to maintain our best-in-class reliability. For the 16th year in a row PSE&G has worked to protect and strengthen the system yielded recognition as the most reliable electric utility in the Mid-Atlantic region. Also during the year the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved PSE&G's plans to expand its investment in energy efficiency by $69 million. PSE&G also filed with the BPU plans to extend its innovative gas system modernization program. The extension otherwise known as GSMP2 would accelerate the pace of replacement of ageing cast iron and unprotected steel. The program would in turn replacing 250 miles of pipe per year over five years at a total cost of $2.7 billion. We hope to have a decision on this program in the second quarter. The GSMP2 filing is modeled on the process outlined in the infrastructure investment program, and if I refer to that a future, I'll just say IIP which was approved by the BPU in January. The Board's approval of IIP provides for a rate recovery mechanism that encourages and supports the continued safety, reliability and resiliency of utility infrastructure which is essential for economic growth in New Jersey. In the coming months, you should expect PSE&G to seek approval once again under the IIP process. To extend this energy strong related investment programs, we also expect to make a filing to broaden our investment in energy efficiency. And expansion of energy efficiency is one of the best means of achieving the state's clean energy goals and simultaneously limiting growth in the customer bill. Now let me turn my attention to PSEG Power. Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of $505 million or $1 per share we're at the upper end of our guidance range. Cost discipline across the fleet and strong operations from Power's nuclear generating asset supported the better than forecast results. Power's nuclear fleet operated at 93.9% capacity factor for the year generating record electric output of 31.8 terawatt hours. PSEG Power has also made progress on construction activities related to it's three new natural gas combined cycle generation stations. Two plans; the Keys and Sewaren stations are expected to be operational during the second quarter of this year. And Bridgeport Harbor 5 is expected to achieve commercial operation during the second quarter of 2019. Together these represent 1,800 megawatts of efficient clean gas-fired capacity that will improve Power's competitive position. Safe and reliable operation has been a hallmark of PSEG Power. The cold weather experienced early in 2018 reinforced the importance of Power's diverse fleet and of course, making sure the assets were available when needed to meet demand. The nuclear plants ran at full power providing base load capacity for everyday demand as shortage of natural gas required some of Power stations to operate on oil. Power's management team has continued to drive efficient operations at it's fossils missions which included the early retirement of the Hudson & Mercer coal fire stations, as well as at nuclear. Controlling costs is vital but we face continued challenges in maintaining operations, particularly at our nuclear plants as the average price for Power's energy hedges is expected to decline by $5 per megawatt hour in 2018 from $45 dollar per megawatt hour in 2017 with even further erosion foreseen in 2019. On the policy front as you know, we've been focusing on raising awareness of the financial condition of our nuclear generating assets and communicating to the State of New Jersey the detrimental impact closure would have on the state's cost of electricity, its air quality and overall economy. The loss of the approximately 32 terawatt hours of clean electric energy produced by Power's nuclear generation in 2017 would represent a severe setback to the state's ability to meet its clean energy goals and result in crushing economic impacts due to resulting increases in electricity prices and major job losses. We remain involved in discussions with key stakeholders here in New Jersey and with those in charge of the wholesale energy market at FERC and PJM to secure the long-term viability of our nuclear generation assets. A bill as proposed in the New Jersey legislature would value the attributes of nuclear and create a safety net for our at-risk nuclear capacity. The bill also addresses the state's pass toward a clean energy future. We're pleased that the legislature is giving this issue the careful attention it deserves, and hope for timely resolution. But the risk of closure remains without a change in the financial condition of nuclear. To that end, Power recorded $276 million increase in its asset retirement obligation liabilities at the end of 2017 to take into account a higher assumed probability of early retirement of its nuclear units. Our financial condition is strong given the focus we've placed on maintaining a healthy balance sheet that supports our investment goals. Our balance sheet continues to provide us with a competitive advantage as we adapt to recently enacted changes in the federal tax code. We ended 2017 with strong credit metrics which support continued growth in our regulated investment program without the need to issue equity; and this position is unchanged with tax reform. Our capital program for the five year period ending in 2022 has expanded to $13 billion to $15 billion from the $13 billion level outlined a year ago. And it remains focused on investments that improved reliability and inefficiency of our operations which also advanced the state's plans to a clean energy future. The utilities investment program of roughly $11.5 billion to $13.2 billion, which accounts for 90% of the total PSEG program addresses customers desires for reliable, efficient and clean energy and provides for continuation of our projected 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate for rate base off a higher 2017 base. Also given the impacts of tax reform, we feel comfortable achieving the midpoint of that range. PSEG Power's major capital program will be complete in 2019 following the commercial operation of Bridgeport Harbor 5. The start-up of that 485 megawatt gas-fired combined cycle unit will represent the conclusion of Power's $2 billion capital investment in 3 new gas-fired combined cycle stations including the previously mentioned Keys Energy Center and Sewaren which as I said are scheduled to start up by the middle of this year. Power's focus will be on efficient operations, improving the returns on the generating assets and resolving the fate of its nuclear units. PSEG strategy implemented a decade ago has transitioned our business mix to one that is more aligned on regulated earnings. PSE&G, our regulated company has grown to represent two-thirds of our consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings. PSEG Power focused on improving its operational efficiency and maintaining a strong balance sheet continues to provide strong cash flow in support of our investment program. The growth in our investment program and the disciplined approach to O&M have overcome a decline in energy prices over the past five years and produced annual growth in consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings of approximately 4% during that time. Despite the challenges we continue to face in the wholesale markets, especially our nuclear units, the continued successful investment in regulated programs that provide reliability and quality service to our customers and the benefits of a reduction in the federal tax rate are expected to support continued growth in earnings. For 2018 we are forecasting consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings of $3 to $3.20 per share which at the midpoint represent 6% growth in earnings over 2017. The Board of Directors recent decision to increase the Company's common dividend 4.7% to the indicative annual rate of $1.80 per share is an acknowledgement and expression of confidence in our strategy and outlook. It needs to be said that our success as the result of the outstanding effort of our dedicated workforce, and we are positioned to continue to execute on our strategy to provide long-term value to our shareholders as we meet the needs of our customers in the communities we serve. I'll now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.57 per share versus $0.54 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016. Our earnings in the quarter brought non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $2.93 per share, a 1% increase over 2016's non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.90 per share and at the upper end of our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for 2017 of $2.80 to $3 per share. And on Slide 5 we have provided you with a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter. We've provided you with information on Slide 11 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. Slides 12 and 14 contain waterfall charts that take you through the quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year net changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. I will review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income for the fourth quarter of 2017 of $0.43 per share compared with $0.38 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016. PSE&G's full year 2017 net income was $973 million or $1.92 per share compared with net income of $889 million or $1.75 per share in 2016. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year were $963 million or $1.90 per share, an 8.5% increase over 2016 non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.75 per share. As shown on Slide 16, PSE&G's net income in the fourth quarter continue to benefit from a return on its expanded investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure which more than offset an increase in O&M. Growth in PSE&G's investment in transmission improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.03 per share, and recovery in investment made in gas distribution under PSE&G's energy strong and gas system modernization programs increased quarter-over-quarter net income by $0.01 per share. Colder than normal weather as compared to more normal weather conditions in the year ago quarter improved net income by $0.01 per share. An increase in O&M expenses associated with preventative and corrective maintenance reduced quarter-over-quarter net income by $0.02 per share. Electric sales on a weather normalized basis modestly declined 0.4% for the year as energy, efficiency and solar net metering offset growth in a number of customers. Weather normalized gas sales for the year increased 1.2% led by growth from commercial and industrial customers. PSE&G's distribution rate base filing provides it with an opportunity to reflect current estimates of electric and gas sales growth, and proposes improvements in it's rate design including decoupling and higher monthly fixed charges offset by lower volume metric rates to minimize the impact of sales variability. This aligns our interest with achieving greater energy efficiency results. Details of the base rate filing are outlined on Slide 18. The filing is based on a test year ending June 30, 2018 with some adjustments for the following months including rate base of $9.6 billion as of December 31, 2018. And as Ralph mentioned, PSE&G filed for 1% increase in revenue or $95 million. In keeping with maintenance of PSE&G's credit metrics, the request is based on a cap structure consisting of 54% common equity and reflects a 10.3% return on equity. PSE&G's filing took into account approximately $130 million reduction in its annual revenue requirement as a result of the federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%; and in addition provides for a one-time credit for estimated excess income tax collected from January 1, 2018 to the time rates go into effect. PSE&G is also proposing to increase the amount of tax credits flowed back to customers in subsequent years. This would result in rate decreases which would have the effect of offsetting the impact on the customer bill associated with investments such as the GSMP2 capital program. Pursuing to a recent BPU order, we expect to make a filing to lower our rates sooner by April 1 to account for the lower federal tax rate and we'll update our rate case filing accordingly. A decision on the base rate filing is anticipated in the fourth quarter. PSE&G has separately updated its transmission formula rate filing for 2018 to incorporate the lower federal tax rate. The update reduced it's annual revenue requirement by $148 million from the original filing which called for an increase in revenue of $212 million. This adjustment has no impact on earnings expectations. PSE&G's investment of $3.1 billion and it's transmission and distribution infrastructure in 2017 provided for approximately 13% growth in rate base to $17 billion. Of this amount, PSE&G's investment in transmission has grown to represent 46% or $7.8 billion of the Company's consolidated rate base at the end of 2017. Reported by the ongoing transmission and distribution investment program, we are forecasting continued growth in PSE&G's net income to a range of $1 billion to $1.030 billion in 2018. Now let's turn to Power. As shown on Slide 21, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.20 per share compared with non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.13 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year non-GAAP operating earnings to $505 million or $1 per share compared to 2016's non-GAAP operating earnings of $514 million or $1.01 per share. Power's adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and the year amounted to $196 million and $1.172 billion respectively, and this compares with adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2016 of $155 million and adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2016 of $1.201 billion. We provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and for the year on Slide 22 and 23. The earnings release as well as the earnings slides on Pages 12 and 14 provide you with a detailed analysis of Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and costs. Power's earnings benefited from an increase in capacity prices in New England NPJM which improved quarterly net income comparisons by $0.02 per share. A 2% increase in output improved net income comparisons by $0.01 per share as colder than normal weather resulted in higher gas end out which increased net income by $0.01 per share. A decline in the average price received on energy hedges of $4 per megawatt hour was partially offset by an increase in market prices on unhedged output which combined to reduce quarterly net income by $0.01 per share. A decline in O&M expense improved net income comparisons by $0.03 per share. A decline in depreciation expense associated with the retirement of Hudson & Mercer, as well as a decline in interest and taxes combined to improve fourth quarter net income comparisons by $0.01 per share. Gross margins in the fourth quarter increased to $38 per megawatt hour from $37 per megawatt hour, and power prices held up vis-à-vis gas prices in response to the colder than normal weather. For the year, gross margins declined to $38 per megawatt hour from $40 per megawatt hour, given a decline in average hedge prices for energy. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Output from Power's generating facilities decreased 2% in the fourth quarter and quarterly comparisons were influenced by the timing of nuclear plant refueling outages and increased demand in response to colder than normal weather during the month of December. Based on results for the fourth quarter output for the year of 51 terawatt hours was stronger than the forecast we provided you at the end of the third quarter which calls for full year output of 49 to 50 terawatt hours. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 89.9% in the fourth quarter, and the fleet's performance in the quarter resulted in a full year capacity factor of 93.9% producing record electric output for the year of 31.8 terawatt hours. The fleet's output was aided by strong performance from Power's 100% owned Oak Creek nuclear plant which operated at 100% capacity factor for the year. And based on our normal 18 months refueling cycle, Oak Creek is scheduled for refueling this spring and the spring of 2018. Power's gas-fired combined cycle fleet operated an average capacity factor of approximately 40% for the quarter, and approximately 47% for the year producing 13.6 terawatt hours of electric energy for the year. Output from the coal fleet declined slightly during the quarter as a result of the outage work at Keystone which for the year output from the coal fleet increased 12% as the fleets competitiveness benefited from an increase in gas prices. For 2018 with the addition of Keys and Sewaren combined cycle units, Power is forecasting an increase in output to 55 to 57 terawatt hours. Following completion of the recent basic generation or BGS auction in New Jersey, approximately 80% to 85% of production for the year is hedged at an average price of $40 per megawatt hour. Power is forecasting a further increase in output for 2019 to 59 to 61 terawatt hours for the full year of Keys and Sewaren in operation and a partial year from the new combined cycle unit at Bridgeport Harbor. And for 2020, Power is forecasting output of 63 to 65 terawatt hours; approximately 55% to 60% of 2019's expected output has been hedged at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour and approximately 25% to 30% of 2020's expected output has been hedged at an average price also of $38 per megawatt hour. And update of Power's hedged position is provided on Slide 26, and as you can see, Power has hedged it's base load nuclear and coal output for 2018 and is mostly hedged in 2019. The gas-fired combined cycle assets remain more open to the market during those years and will be available to take advantage of spark spread opportunities that have improved based upon recent fluctuations in commodity prices. The outlook for 2018 and 2019 has improved since our last update based on an increase in sparks in the region and Power prices have not declined to the same degree as gas. Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2018 are forecasted $485 million to $516 million and the forecast represents non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2018 of $1.075 billion to $1.118 billion. PSEG Enterprise and other reported net income for the fourth quarter of 2017 of $126 million or $0.25 per share compared to net income of $11 million or $0.02 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016. For the full year, PSEG Enterprise and other reported net income of $122 million or $0.24 per share which compares to a net loss of 2016 of $20 million or $0.04 per share and the results for 2017 include a one-time non-cash earnings benefit of $147 million related to the reduction in the federal corporate tax rate resulting in a decrease in energy holdings deferred tax liabilities, partially offset by an after-tax charge taken earlier in the year related to ongoing challenges facing energy Rina [ph]. The fourth quarter of 2017 PSEG Enterprise and other reported a non-GAAP operating loss of $21 million or $0.04 per share compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $17 million or $0.03 per share in the year ago quarter. Results for the fourth quarter of PSEG Enterprise and other non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $20 million or $0.03 per share versus $72 million or $0.14 per share in 2017. The decline in non-GAAP operating earnings in the fourth quarter reflects the impact of a $15 million after-tax contribution to the PSEG foundation, as well as certain tax items that's apparent and PSEG Energy Holdings in the absence of certain tax items in the fourth quarter of 2016 at PSEG Energy Holdings. For 2018, non-GAAP operating earnings for PSEG Enterprise and other, which are driven by PSEG [indiscernible] and partially offset by parent interest expense are forecast at $35 million. I want to spend just a moment on the subject of tax reform; PSEG is a net beneficiary under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017 and our financial flexibility remains strong. PSE&G as mentioned will be returning 100% of the benefit from the decline in the federal tax rate to its customers in the recently file distribution base rate request reflects a $130 million annual reduction in revenue associated with a lower federal tax rate. And as mentioned, we amended our 2018 transmission formula rate to incorporate the decline in revenue of $148 million associated with the lower federal tax rate. Net income from PSEG Power and Enterprise is expected to benefit from the decline in the federal tax rate; and our estimate of 2018's non-GAAP operating earnings reflects an improvement in earnings of approximately $0.16 per share. PSE&G's cash flow will be negatively impacted by the elimination of bonus depreciation and lower tax rates for ongoing tax depreciation. PSE&G Power's cash flow on the other hand is expected to benefit from it's ability to expense 100% of its capital expenditures. PSEG Power's cash flow in 2018 will also benefit from the reduction in the federal tax rate, as well as a decline in capital spending in 2018 of about $400 million with the mid-2018 completion of construction at both, Keys and at Sewaren. Given our strong balance sheet and low debt balance, we estimate that interest expense at PSEG Power and Enterprise will remain fully deductible for tax purposes. The reduction in the federal tax rate under the Tax Act also reduced the deferred tax liability of PSEG Power and Enterprise which was originally recorded based upon the higher 35% rate. At PSEG Power and Energy Holdings, we recorded onetime non-cash earnings benefits in the fourth quarter of 2017 of $588 million and $147 million respectively, resulting from this reduction in deferred tax liability. PSE&G has excess deferred taxes of approximately $2.1 billion as of December 31, 2017; and as recorded the impact of these excess deferred taxes as a regulatory liability. Approximately 70% of PSE&G's excess deferred taxes are deemed protected under the IRS normalization rules which requires the protected deferred taxes be returned to customers over the life of the remaining asset that generated deferred taxes in the first place. Given the long life nature of utility assets, it will take many many years for all of these protected taxes to be returned to customers. Remaining 30% or about $600 million; some of which were included in our distribution base rate filing will be returned to customers over a timeframe that will be determined in discussions with the BPU and with FERC. Of course as you know, the loss of bonus depreciation and reduction of PSE&G's deferred tax balance serves to increase it's rate base. We estimate that these two items combined will increase the annual growth in PSE&G's rate base by approximately 1% through 2022. The net result of the change in federal tax law on PSEG's consolidated cash flow and credit metrics is manageable given our business mix and the strength of our balance sheet. We do not anticipate the need to issue equity to finance our capital program and we continue to have excess balance sheet capacity to finance further growth. As Rob mentioned, our financial condition remains strong, we closed 2017 with $313 million of cash-on-hand, and debt representing 49.6% of our consolidated capital position and debit Power approximating 29% of it's capital base. At year end, Power's debt position was just over 2.1x the midpoint of our forecasted 2018 adjusted EBITDA. We are guiding to a non-GAAP operating earnings at PSEG for 2018 of $3 to $3.20 per share which is a 6% increase over 2017. And the common dividend was recently increased 4.7% to the indicative annual level of $1.80 per share. This represents a 58% payout of earnings at the midpoint of our 2018 guidance and builds on the 3.4% annual rate of growth in the dividend over the last 10 years. Shelby, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Julien Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: I just was wondering, could you provide a little bit of commentary on your outlook of ongoing PBM price commission reform discussion, as well as the potential for comprehensive energy legislation in New Jersey?
Ralph Izzo: As you know there is due date -- I believe it's sometimes in the first week of March where each RTO was supposed to get back to FERC with respect to the FERC decision to close the DOE [ph] and to ask the question about fuel diversity and resiliency of the grid. There have very public conversations and statements by PJM that they believe in particular inflexible unit challenges are things that need to be corrected in the market, these showed up in abundance during -- it's not called a pole vortex [ph], there is some other name for this past January, some sort of a cold bond. We're in the odd testified in front of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee that there had to be $4 million to $5 million in daily uplift payments. So without having control [indiscernible], I fully expect PJM management to submit comments to FERC that they have some improvements to make in their current tariff if prices in fact going to be the way in which the market is reliably dispatched because there continues to be out of marketing moments that are relied upon to achieve that. Switching gears on and moving over to New Jersey; we've had some very good conversations, we had a good day yesterday with a comprehensive energy bill which included our nuclear concerns reported out of the Senate Budget Committee in the Assembly Telecommunications and Utilities Committee getting further reference in the assembly to its budget committee, it's appropriations committee if you will. And I think the encouraging news there is that everyone who has testified and we now had four hearings on this thing I think with the exception of our competitors have said they don't want to see those plants closed. And our competitors obviously want to see those plants closed because that means higher prices. I just have a high degree of confidence that New Jersey policymakers understand the value of those plants and will do the right thing, but of course, one cannot guarantee any outcome.
Unidentified Analyst: You talked about roughly $80 million benefit from tax reform at Power but increased guidance by only $50 million. Are there any headwinds that limit the ability to fully recognize that tax reform benefit?
Dan Cregg: I think if you think about the overall impact year-over-year, we referenced the $0.16 related to tax reform but of course there is other impact as you step from year-to-year. What we'll see changes in capacity prices which will help but we also have a reduction in the average price that we sold our power. So that's a headwind that we have been fighting, and as you mentioned that we're [indiscernible] per megawatt hour, so you think about that across the fleet and then you compare that to an uplifting capacity and a benefit from tax reform, those are your biggest pieces.
Operator: Your next question comes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: I understand that you have a pending rate case for your utility but your guidance for '18 imply relatively low pick up in earnings power of the utility versus what we have seen in the past. Is this just because you are waiting for your rate to be shoot up in the rate case?
Dan Cregg: If you think about the timing of the rate case, we are essentially saying that we would intend to see rates at the end of the year; I think we referenced fourth quarter in our prepared remarks. So I think a big part of it is just related to the rate relief on the distribution side being -- coming at the end of the rate case which was really towards the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: But how about your at previous expectations that there would be a rate based growth of around -- let's look at 8% or 9% and a commensurate increase in earnings. Is that -- does this still hold? I mean, that we're still waiting for the outcome of the rate base.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think -- if you think about the two sides of the business; the transmission side, that's going to move along by virtue of the formula rate which is always the norm. But when we take a look at the utility side of the business, I wouldn't expect to see anything different. We have 6% increases to the midpoint of the range and with the rate case following on later in the year. And as we move into '19, I think that would bridge the gap for you.
Unidentified Analyst: On the Power side; it seems like you've marginally reduced your expectations of volumes for the VGS auction, there has been also some news or press coverage of your interest in the retail business. How should we think about it? How you are actually trying to shape up the merchant power earnings given the weakness of the fuller curves?
Ralph Izzo: We've been pretty consistent that the reach of our business is defensive play; it's primarily targeted at improving the negativity and basis differentials that we've experienced. We're looking at it as a nice supplement if you will to diminish of the BGS load contract that we have seen occurring over the years. What did change probably about a year or so ago was our recognition that we would not find an acquisition opportunity just kind of step into a New Jersey focused PJM centric opportunity; so we're building it organically and that's going fine but when you do something organically, it's a little bit more gradual than just stepping into it. So no change in strategy there at all.
Dan Cregg: And as we step from year to year, we will have a BGS auction roll-off, so the state goes out to auction, a third of the load each year; so over three years they auction everything, and so as we step from year to year to year there could be some modest differences within volumes of the number of tranches that we would have as we go from auction to auction to auction.
Ralph Izzo: I want to supplement something the Dan mentioned before. So the rate base growth; we're still saying 7% to 9% and comfortable with the midpoint. But remember, we had a fair amount of capital that was deployed coming at the back end of GSMP1 and energy strong, that is part of the rate case proceeding we are in now. So the 12% growth in rate base that you saw last year by necessity is then correctly pointed out is awaiting rate relief at the end of the year and when you get at the end of the year, you just -- and now Dan and I repeating ourselves, it doesn't give you the full 12 months of impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta of Citi Investments.
Praful Mehta: I wanted to just clarify in terms of tax reform, what is exactly built into the forecast? I know on the back power side it sounds like you've incorporated the lower taxes. On the utility side, the DTA refund the unprotected didn't sound like it was; so I just wanted to clarify specifically what is currently built in tax reform and what is more left in terms of regulatory outcomes than you're waiting to see?
Dan Cregg: I think if you think about the utility side of the ledger, it's much more a cash story especially right away. So it's about the pass back of taxes because frankly, you're not going to end up paying taxes. So if you think about what we did, we proactively in January went to FERC knowing that there was going to be a rate change and we knew we were going to pay less tax in 2018; so we proactively want to FERC to get that money back in customers hands; revenues come down, taxes come down, end up being a wash. There will be some modest benefit as we step through time because if you have less deferred taxes on your books and you pass that back to customers, you know deferred taxes as a reduction in rate base, so your rate base will grow as you step through time with that reduction in rate base but that will grow overtime and does not have really much of a P&L impact as you look at 2018 in particular for the utility.
Praful Mehta: I was -- again, more focused on the cash impact specifically; like for example, the DDL refund, is that currently incorporated within the forecast or no?
Dan Cregg: Yes. And further to the prepared remarks as well, you think about some of those are protected deferred taxes, that's the lion share of our deferred taxes; and that will get passed back over what's called the average rate assumption method, that's over the remaining life of the asset and I think it's a true statement to say that we are still passing back some deferred taxes from the 1986 Tax Act when it happened because we have such a long lived property. So that will go on for a period of time as those different lives end up turning. But yes, we've incorporated what we know and estimates of what we don't know into our numbers.
Praful Mehta: And then secondly, in terms of the New Jersey bill; it's helpful and yes, the conversations say you were productive from what we heard yesterday. How do you see that playing out from here in terms of timing? And when does it reach the governor's desk? And all of that; how do you see that playing out from here?
Ralph Izzo: My high degree of confidence in the ultimate outcome is matched by mild certainty over timing. I mean what I can tell you is the bill is posted for a vote Monday in the State Senate. The assembly doesn't have a voting session, I don't think at present scheduled until the end of March. So we're 140 year old company Praful, Salem is 40 years old, Oak Creek is 30 years old; I'm not going to sweat a couple of weeks one direction or another but I feel pretty good about the nature of the conversation and clearly, earnest desire in the part of all stakeholders to preserve those plans but timing is not something I can predict.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: My question has to do with -- on tax reform and your comments; Dan, I think you said obviously that you're not planning any equity but you said you also still have access balance sheet capacity. And I think you don't normally update till the Analyst Day but if I recall, at EEI [ph] you gave us a slide which showed something like $1.8 billion reduction or roughly halving of what it had been without tax reform. So I guess, my question is that still a good number or as you further refined your inputs and outputs, is this -- are we somewhere else?
Dan Cregg: No, I think you're still at very much in that range, Jonathan. I think that what we tried to do at that point is highlight that -- a number that we have provided was based on large part on FFO to debt and there was a lot of FFO that came from bonus depreciations. So by either the passage of time or by tax reform because at EEI we had not had tax reform at that point in time. Unless bonus was extended the FFO was going to come down; and so that was kind of a temporal aspect and what we tried to do to your good memory was to give some indication that that was going to come down. So the order of magnitude numbers was about $3 billion at that point and we were highlighting that about $1.8 billion or so would go away with bonus depreciation; so that's still in the right ballpark and I think the right way to think about it. And when I referenced before the strength of balance sheet and the ability to fund further investments, it's still that order of magnitude.
Jonathan Arnold: And so, that was -- if I remember the math was like $300 million FFO divided by your 18% target, and effectively that's how you got that. So presumably that means you're sort of -- as you've put all this together, you see FFO degradation roughly in that $300 million range.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, as you step out into -- I think our number were target around 2020 or so timeframe, right. So you're kind of come off of the bonus years but that's -- you're thinking about it exactly right.
Jonathan Arnold: Holdings is on the increase in '18 over '17; is that all tax reform related or is this -- and I guess some uptick in the Long Island contract or is anything else driving that?
Dan Cregg: No, it's not a lot. If you have a little bit lower taxes, you'll have a little bit higher income and that's not -- the $35 million we threw out is kind of a normal range; last year we had some tax issues coming through and we had made a contribution to the foundation. So I think you can look at '18 as being a more normal year.
Jonathan Arnold: So it's more that '17 was a little skewed low and '18 is more normal?
Dan Cregg: That's exactly right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Gregory Gordon: A lot of my questions have been answered, and this one you may not be able to answer but I'll try. In terms of your observation from the outside looking in at how PJM gets to the answer on implementing their price reform initiatives?
Dan Cregg: It appears that there is a bit of a cart-horse [ph] issue here and that one path is to wait for the FERC to potentially order a 206 proceeding and say that their rates are unjust and unreasonable. So my first question is, are we on a path in the current FERC docket where you believe at the end of the initial filings and the responses that the FERC could look at the evidence that PJM files to show that their rates are not appropriate? Can they actually get to a place at the end of this proceeding where they could legally say, yes, you've proven your rates are unjust and unreasonable and allow them to go ahead and change the rate? Or are we realistically on a path here where they have to make a decision on whether they're going to go through stakeholder process; and then it's whether they go through a truncated process with a Board vote or a more elongated process with a stakeholder vote knowing -- understanding that the former was what they used when they did capacity performance. It's a long question but hopefully, you get the gist.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that was just a jist but you we're right at the start; Greg, I'm sorry, there is no way to predict that. I would point out to you though that there is multiple things going off at FERC that matter right from PJM there is the capacity market reform as fast stock pricing as price formation So there is multiple issues, there is multiple degrees of freedom, is it 205, 206 or is it a truncated process. So it just -- I think we're all visiting with the commissioners and telling them how important and I think we're all seeing the same comments come out of PJM. So I don't know what else to say at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Turnure of JP Morgan Securities.
Christopher Turnure: The only question that I have left is on New Jersey in nuclear support. You've answered a couple questions on it already of course, but I'm wondering if there is a couple of potential hurdles to getting across the finish line this session that you're concerned about it seems like the governor could potentially further his environmental kind of effort and the emission free our efforts long-term through this and there the some other stakeholders that seem to have come in-line here but what might we be missing that could start all the entire operation?
Ralph Izzo: Chris, it's always nice to have quarterly calls where we're trying to explain the past but now you guys are really pushing us to predict the future, it is so hard. I mean the good news is, the Governor has publicly stated on numerous occasions that those plans have to continue to operate as a bridge to long-term renewables future. And as I said before, everyone has testified other than our competitors have begun their testimony by saying we don't want these plants to close but -- and they each have but that they put in there. So are there hurdles? Yes there are but I stay grounded on the support -- the articulated support of consumer groups, environmental groups, and the Governor, and the legislature itself and we have made progress in terms of schedule and in terms of going through the committee process. So we'll just keep making sure people know what it means if they go away. And then of course, the risk of stating obvious, all of our shareholders know that we will do what is right by our fiduciary responsibility in terms of [indiscernible] regardless of New Jersey's action.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: On PSE&G, I just want to make sure I understand the puts and takes in rates or revenue requirements that are happening this year. So on a year-over-year basis, is what you're saying is that transmission is actually down year-over-year and that's just all tax related.
Dan Cregg: From a pure revenue perspective, but completely neutral from an earnings perspective.
Michael Lapides: And then the distribution revenue reduction for tax is going to happen in April of this year?
Dan Cregg: Correct.
Michael Lapides: And that's not a full year number, that's an annualized number; so it says if they were able this year through March of next year?
Dan Cregg: Right.
Michael Lapides: And then the rate increase won't happen -- well, I'm going to rephrase that; anything tied to rate changes tied from the rate case won't happen until the end of the year?
Dan Cregg: That's right.
Michael Lapides: What about like tracker or GSMP1 or even GSMP2 related revenue changes or are you still getting those in 2018 or do the things we've talked about kind of supersede that or incorporate?
Dan Cregg: The only thing that ends up superseding that Michael is when the rate case is done. And so they roll in as we work our way forward, they'll be done I think by the time we get to the rate case and so that kind of wrap up at about the same time. But until then we'll have roll-ins as we always have.
Michael Lapides: So in 2018 you'll have the transmission revenue decline, obviously offset by tax. You'll have the distribution revenue decline offset by tax; and then whatever you'll have in the rate case, none of the other trackers or anything will flow in 2018 but they will kick back in 2019?
Dan Cregg: Yes. You'll have our continuing roll-ins as they are from the standpoint of energy strong and GSMP. And then we'll have the rate case as it comes in at the end of the year. So I don't think it's any different than the norm; the only thing different than the norm the way to think about it really is the two tax return actual rate -- the return of the taxes at both, the distribution and the transmission side which has no P&L impact, revenues go down and taxes go down. Also I think our solar and energy efficiency filings are not part of rate case proceedings, they will continue to have their trackers.
Michael Lapides: And then finally, what the tax rate are you assuming at both, E&G and Power this year? Like, what's in guidance?
Dan Cregg: If statutory moves to '21 and then we'll have some modest moves like we normally do. So for instance the update to taxes has eliminated a production deduction, a manufacturing deduction that Power would take to the tune of a couple pennies but other than that it's still modest adjustments off of the statutory rate.
Michael Lapides: And no significant state tax level added on top of that?
Dan Cregg: True but no different and other than the fact that the federal benefit you get from states is going to change by virtue of the federal tax rate change.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Paul Fremont of Muziho [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Does your GRC filing and the rate base numbers that are in there, does that reflect the rate base numbers after-tax reform or would there be a further adjustment that we need to make?
Dan Cregg: What we have filed within the rate case -- assume that we did have the tax rate, the tax changes come through. We had also within our base rate case filing, had a pass back of some deferred taxes within that rate case; and we will continue to do so as we make our prospective filings. Now what may end up happening in our prospective filings is some of the pass back of deferred taxes that were embedded within the filing may get swapped out compared to some of the excess taxes that we will ultimately pass back to customers. So part of the -- I guess I would say the -- as we step through the next steps of this rate case, we will have overlaid on top of it the BPU order to provide back the tax rate change which was in our base rate case. So we will adjust the base rate case in our next filing to adjust for the fact that a separate filing will be made by virtue of the BPU order outside of the rate case.
Unidentified Analyst: And then can you at all discuss what the retail contribution was in 2017?
Ralph Izzo: We don't break that out. It would have been very, very modest at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: I mean, can you give us maybe a metric like how many megawatt hours did you sell and…
Ralph Izzo: I just don't have that number. I don't think we're -- we were really -- we'd like to tell you so many people we were hiring to get going but not in megawatts we sold.
Unidentified Analyst: So when would be sort of the first year that you would expect any type of material contribution out of that business?
Ralph Izzo: Depends on your definition of material really. We don't break out a lot of the sub-numbers in Power, and we don't power plant by power plant; we don't give you gas versus electric. So I don't think you should expect us to break out something that is purely an organically grown defensive mechanism. There can be some changes in revenue recognition portrayals and SEC documents that may be a little more illuminating.
Operator: And your final question comes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: You kind of referred to it that utility growth is a little bit muted this year but then can we expect -- what the inference I got from your comments is that we make it up in '19 because of the back end loaded nature of the rate case. That's my one question. And the second question I had was that you mentioned the 7% to 9% growth rate in the utility rate base; and that's the same number you mentioned at your Analyst Day but now you also mentioned that you have an additional $1 billion of rate base because of the tax reform. Is that $1 billion rate base included in that 7% to 9% or no? Just a clarification on those two issues.
Dan Cregg: I think the way to think about it is that we jump off as we do every year from a higher base by virtue of the prior year's investment in rate base. So as rate base steps up, the ability to grow at the same rate kind of presupposes an incremental increase to rate base from a pure dollar amount. And if you take a look at the incremental rate base by virtue of the lower deferred taxes, and if you take a look at the bump up in the starting point year-over-year; it's a bit of an offset. So I think that you think about as going from 7% to 9% on a lower basis, 7% to 9% on a higher base. Basically, it's tougher to do but some of the deferred tax of tax reform provides that offset and leave us at comparably the same place.
Unidentified Analyst: And what base are you using; can you just mention.
Dan Cregg: End of '17.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on the utility earning question?
Dan Cregg: I think it it's essentially what we referenced before; if we have incremental spend that Ralph reference from both GSMP and Energy strong and that was going to roll into the rate case and we have rates that come in towards the end of the year, you would anticipate seeing maybe a little bit of a modest shave-off of rate of growth. What comes in 2019 will end up giving you the details on it this time next year from the standpoint of total '19 earnings guidance.
Ralph Izzo: So I guess that was our last question. Thank you, all. Dan and Kathleen will be on the road, hopefully seeing many of you next week. Three of us will be on the road a couple of weeks after that, maybe we will see many of you then. One thing that's little different this year, you may have noticed that we moved our Analyst and Investor Conference to June; please read nothing into that other than bad scheduling on my part that required some coordination of family calendars and business calendars but nonetheless, I think we have some good things to talk to about and we'll know a lot more than about the New Jersey nuclear situation, we'll know a lot more about RPM, comments will be into FERC from PJM and other folks. So I think we have a lot of opportunities ahead of us in the next few months. With that, thank you for participating in the call and we look forward to seeing you soon. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Cregg - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Julien Smith - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Travis Miller - MorningStar, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Shelby and I will be your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, October 31, 2017 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 o’clock PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Time November 7, 2017. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning. Thank you everyone for participating in PSEG’s call this morning. As you are aware, we released our third quarter 2017 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachments as mentioned are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2017 is expected to be filed today. As you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, unless required to do so. Our release also contains certain non-GAAP operating information. Please refer to today’s 8-K or other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP operating information to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen and thank you everyone for joining us today. PSEG reported results for the third quarter having executed well on major operational and policy initiatives. Despite the impact of abnormally cool weather on sales and earnings, we remain within our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for the full year of $2.80 to $3 per share. Earlier this morning, we reported net income for the quarter of $0.78 per share, non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 were $0.82 per share compared with net income of $0.64 per share and non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2016 of $0.88 per share. For the 9-month period, non-GAAP operating earnings were $2.36 per share, which is the same as non-GAAP operating earnings for 2016’s first 9 months. Slides 5 and 6 contain the detail on the results of the quarter and the 9 months. At PSE&G, earnings per share declined $0.01 per share from the prior year comparable quarter. The results for the third quarter were affected by cooler than normal weather which reduced demand for electricity from air conditioning. The weather comparisons for last year are stark. For instance, the measure of average temperature and humidity was 27% below the year ago quarter and the number of hours at temperature equal to or greater than 90 degrees was 69% below the year ago quarter. PSE&G’s expanded investment in transmission and distribution continue to benefit customers and had a favorable impact on PSE&G’s earnings. PSE&G’s rate base is forecasted to grow 12% in 2017 reaching $17 billion. The forecast is based on the continuation of PSE&G’s investment program to upgrade its transmission and distribution infrastructure. The upgrades will entail full year capital expenditures of approximately $3.1 billion. This figure is slightly less than our original budget of $3.4 billion and it’s the result of some projects being moved to 2018 and improved efficiency related to the cost of other projects. Based on further development of our various investment programs, we are increasingly comfortable with PSE&G’s ability to achieve growth in the rate base at the upper end of our forecast of 7% to 9% per year for the 5-year period ending in 2021. Our updated forecast assumes reasonable reception by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to PSE&G’s proposal to invest $540 million per year over 5 years to accelerate the pace of replacement of aging cast iron and unprotected steel mains and their associated services. Approval would support expansion and extension of the work currently being performed under the gas system modernization program. This filing was made in July and we expect to be a few to take action during the first half of 2018. We also intend to request the multiyear expansion of Energy Strong in the near-term. PSE&G is in the final stages of work previously approved as part of Energy Strong to strengthen and harden infrastructure damage during Hurricane Irene and Superstorm Sandy. The extension will address the remaining electric substations that need to be raised or projected. In addition, some other much needed work that enhances the resiliency of our system and reduces the risk of outages. That request similar to GSMP 2 will be consistent with the BPU’s draft regulation supporting multiyear capital investments under its infrastructure investment program. If the draft regulations are approved as we expect before year end, utilities will be able to proceed with 5-year investment programs that will allow more certainty in staffing and planning of work. Now, I want to bring you up-to-date on PSE&G’s distribution base rate proceeding. As you maybe aware following discussions with BPU staff and rate counsel and as approved by the BPU at its October 20 meeting, the deadline for filing our distribution rate case was deferred from November 1 to no later than December 1 of this year. The change in the filing date is simply an administrative procedural matter. We will now be providing the BPU with 3 months of actual data and 9 months of forecast data for the same test year that will end on June 30, 2018. A review of PSE&G’s distribution rates which is expected to result in a modest change in revenue is primarily driven by the need to recover investments made outside of cost mechanism since the last rate case, to recover storm costs and to allow PSE&G to reset assumptions for growth and sales in O&M. As part of the filing, PSE&G will also be seeking approval to decouple electric and gas distribution revenue from sales volumes and demand which would support larger scale energy efficiency investments. We believe that with the right regulatory policies, the states utilities can provide the energy infrastructure that meets customer requirements and creates a stronger and more efficient New Jersey. Now, let me turn to PSEG Power. Our PSEG Power, non-GAAP operating earnings declined by 9% to $0.31 per share from the prior year comparable quarter. A lower average price on energy hedges was partially offset by Power’s continued efforts to lower its costs and Power’s favorable gas supply position. PSEG Power also made progress on construction activities related to its three new natural gas combined cycle generation stations. The new stations will add 1,800 megawatts of efficient capacity over 2018 and 2019 and represent a reconfiguration of Power’s merchant fleet that will improve its efficiency and competitive position in the market. The design of the wholesale energy market and where the current policies provide adequate recognition of the cost for generation to be available is getting the attention needs. The Department of Energy issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking at the end of September regarding the need to properly value baseload generation with robust onsite fuel characteristics. We hope their interest in this important issue will jumpstart efforts by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to implement improvements in the market. It is encouraging to see that FERC has acted quickly. To meet the DOE’s 60-day requirement for response, FERC requested comments on the DOE NOPR to be filed by October 23 with reply comments due on November 7. A response by the FERC to the DOE NOPR is anticipated by December 11 of this year. PSEG filed comments in support of DOE’s initiative to immediately address the erosion occurring in the resiliency of our electric grid due to the risk of premature retirements of baseload generation and the subsequent trend towards greatly reduced fuel diversity. We believe that the DOE NOPR is necessary to address the challenges facing distressed yet valuable resources such as nuclear in the absence of a market solution that recognizes the attributes of fuel diversity and resilience. We recommend that measures adopted in response to the DOE NOPR should be viewed as an interim until effective mechanisms can be developed that recognized these attributes in the market. The current market design distorts efficient outcomes due to the disharmony between price signals, public policies and generation dispatch implementing the DOE measure as an interim step which stabilized the earnings for qualified units until a comprehensive market-based solution can be integrated into RTO and ISO market designs. It is worth mentioning that a significant amount of generation that competes in the PJM market already falls under cost of service regulation. We believe the DOE NOPR also provides the necessary impetus to push for further action by FERC to address longstanding price formation reforms that would avoid some of the continued distortions of competitive market results that disadvantage baseload resources. The PJM energy price formation proposal should be evaluated as part of the comprehensive solution to the challenges facing baseload units. As part of our response, we have requested that FERC promptly finalized the fast start pricing reforms and direct PJM through the Commission’s Federal Power Act Section 206 authority to submit its energy price formation proposal especially as it pertains to inflexible units. Getting energy prices right is critical to ensuring that the correct signals are sent to incent efficient investment as well as market exit. PSEG Power is making every effort to preserve its nuclear asset base, working in concert with the industry to identify means of improving operating efficiency without sacrificing safety. PSEG Power is on track in 2017 to reduce the all-in cost per megawatt hour of its nuclear operations by 10% from the average cost experienced during the prior 3 years, but energy prices influenced by the availability of natural gas have declined by a greater degree during this timeframe. State action also remains critical to prevent the loss of these units. We believe state action can be done the way that both maintains the integrity of the wholesale market and serves as a bridge until a regional federal solution is in place. A strong legal foundation has been established for state actions to preserve generating assets critical to meeting the state’s emission-related goals and to maintain the benefits to the state’s economy that comes with the safe, reliable operation of nuclear power. Successful execution of PSEG’s key policy and regulatory initiatives would assure the company’s ability to provide customers with the service, reliability and resiliency that they have come to expect. That is also affordable. Successful execution of our key policy and regulatory initiatives would also provide our shareholders with greater assurance of PSEG’s ability to meet our objectives for returns and growth. With that, I will turn the call over to Dan to discuss our financials in greater detail.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph and thanks everyone for joining us today. As Ralph said, PSEG reported net income for the third quarter of 2017 of $0.78 per share versus net income of $0.64 per share in last year’s third quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 were $0.82 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.88 per share in last year’s third quarter. A reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter and 9 months can be found on Slides 5 and 6. We have also provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 11 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 13 provides you with the changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business on a year-to-date basis. I will now review each company in more detail. Starting with PSE&G, PSE&G reported net income of $0.49 per share for the third quarter of 2017 compared with $0.50 per share for the third quarter of 2016. Results for the quarter are shown on Slide 15. Net income growth in the third quarter associated with PSE&G’s expanded investment in transmission and electric and gas distribution facilities was offset by the impact on sales of weather conditions, which were substantially cooler than experienced in the year ago quarter and cooler than normal. Returns on PSE&G’s expanded investment in transmission added $0.04 per share to net income in the quarter. Incremental revenue associated with the recovery of PSE&G’s Energy Strong Investment Infrastructure program, which added $0.02 per share to net income was offset by a decline in weather normalized electric sales and in electric demand related revenues. Demand related revenues were impacted by the significantly lower peak temperature hours, which as Ralph mentioned, were 69% lower than the year ago quarter and 47% below normal. Net income comparisons were also hurt by weather conditions, which were approximately 27% cooler than conditions experienced during 2016 in the third quarter and 5% cooler than normal. Electric sales as a result of the cooler summer weather declined 8.3% in the quarter. The decline was led by an approximate 14% decline in sales to residential customers. On a trailing 12-month basis, weather normalized electric sales were flat year-over-year and gas sales on a similar basis increased 1.5% led by the commercial sector. The decline in electric residential sales reduced third quarter net income comparisons by $0.03 per share, an increase in depreciation expense of $0.01 per share associated with PSE&G’s expanded capital base was offset by a decline in O&M expense and absence of tax credits available in the year ago quarter and other items reduced net income comparisons in the third quarter by $0.02 per share. PSEG’s 5-year capital investment plan includes approximately $6 billion to upgrade and expand transmission-related facilities and investment. PSE&G filed an update of its formula rate for transmission at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in October 2017 and the update which reflects an increase in the level of PSE&G’s investment in transmission and a true-up of prior year results provides for a $212 million increase in annual transmission revenues effective January 1, 2018. PSE&G under Energy Strong and the cost mechanism therein adjust electric rates 2x per year in March and September and gas rates are adjusted each year in September. Under the cost mechanism for the gas system modernization program, PSE&G gas rates in January of each year to reflect the investment made during the prior year. The combined annual revenue increase for the full year in 2017 for these two programs is forecasted to be approximately $56 million. As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G as agreed to delay the filing of its distribution rate case by 1 month to no later than December 1, 2017. This filing as you recall was agreed to as part of the Energy Strong settlement and provides the opportunity for PSE&G to recover capital investments made outside of existing cost mechanisms, an update for other factors such as storm costs and changes in sales growth in O&M. The distribution base rate filing will be based on a test year ending June 2018 and a 10.3% return on equity and provide for a mid single-digit increase in revenues still leaving overall rates below the level coming out of the last distribution base rate case in 2010. The 1 month delay in the filing hasn’t changed any of the economics associated with the request as the test year is unchanged that allows one criminal month of actual results to be included in the filing. PSE&G invested approximately $2.1 billion for the 9 months ended September 30 in electric and gas distribution and transmission capital projects designed to provide more reliable safe and resilient service to its 2.2 million customers. For the year, PSE&G currently expects to invest $3.1 billion on upgrading its infrastructure. And this is slightly lower than the $3.4 billion we originally forecast for 2017. A delay in timing of some projects in greater cost-related efficiencies on others are the primary reasons for the decline in the forecasted spending for the full year. As Ralph mentioned, as a result of identifying incremental investments, we now expect PSE&G’s investment program for the 5 years ended 2021 will provide growth in rate base of 2016 year end amounts at the upper end of our 7% to 9% per year growth rate. This is driven by incremental investments in our GSMP 2 filing relative to what is reflecting in our base capital plan and planned expansion of our Energy Strong filing. These important initiatives built confidence in PSE&G’s ability to extend its growth beyond the end of this decade. For 2017, we are maintaining our forecast of PSE&G’s net income at $945 million to $985 million. Now, let’s to Power. PSED Power reported net income of $136 million or $0.27 per share. For the third quarter of 2017 compared with net income of $139 million or $0.27 per share for the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.31 per share for the third quarter of 2017 compared to non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2016 of $0.34 per share. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of 2017 was $356 million versus non-GAAP operating EBITDA for 2016 of $387 million. Our non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense and depreciation and amortization. The earnings release and Slide 19 provide you with detailed analysis of the impact on Power’s non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and we have also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and the first 9 months of the year on Slide 20 and 21. Power’s net income in the third quarter was impacted by a decline in average energy hedge prices and the effect of cooler than normal weather on demand and output which offset a decline in operating and maintenance expense. During the quarter, non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons increased $0.01 per share as a result of higher capacity prices in New England and PJM. This increase in capacity prices occurred on June 1, 2017 and will run through May 31, 2018. Lower average prices on energy hedges and a decline in market prices combined to reduce non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by $0.05 per share, a 6% decline in output associated with the impact of cooler than normal weather on demand, reduced non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by an additional $0.02 per share. Power’s focus on improving operational efficiencies help mitigate the impact of the decline in energy prices. The June 1, 2017 retirement of the Hudson and Mercer coal stations and a decline in nuclear plant related O&M, improved non-GAAP operating earnings by $0.02 per share and a decline in depreciation expense associated with the retirement of Hudson and Mercer combined with a decline in interest expense and taxes improved non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by $0.01 per share. Now, let’s turn to Power’s operations. Output of Power’s generating stations declined 6% in the quarter and nuclear fleet’s output increased 20% in the third quarter to 8.2 terawatt hours as the fleet’s capacity factor improved to 96% from 80%. The quarter-over-quarter improvement was due to strong performance at Oak Creek, which operated at an average capacity factor of 98.4% in the absence of an extended refueling outage and repairs at the Salem station in the year ago quarter, which addressed the repair and replacement of baffle bolts at Salem 1 and repair of the transformer at Salem 2. The nuclear fleet’s performance for the third quarter brought the capacity factor for the 9 months ended September 30 to 95%. As mentioned cooler than normal weather limited energy pricing peak demand requirements and utilization of gas-fired combined cycle and peaking fleet, Power’s combined cycle fleet experienced a 29% decline in output to 3.7 terawatt hours while an increase in the price of gas improved the competitive position of the baseload coal fleet. As we indicated earlier this year, average hedge prices during the second, third and fourth quarters of the year were expected to decline by less than what we experienced in the first quarter and by less than the average decline of $5 per megawatt hours we anticipated for the full year. This reflects the absence of weather-related risk premium during the winter months that was experienced in prior years. Gas prices improved in the third quarter, but since Power prices didn’t move in conjunction with gas, spark spreads declined relative to year ago levels. Power’s realized spark spreads held up better than the market declining $1 per megawatt hour quarter-over-quarter given its beneficial gas supply position. And Power’s beneficial gas supply position also held gross margins in the quarter to a decline of $1.50 per megawatt hour to $40 per megawatt hour. Power continues to forecast output for 2017 of 49 to 50 terawatt hours. Approximately 86% of production for the remainder of the year of approximately 11 terawatt hours is hedged at an average price of $45 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged approximately 70% to 75% of 2018’s forecast output of 52 to 54 terawatt hours at an average price of $41 per megawatt hour. And for 2019, Power has hedged 30% to 35% forecasted output of 58 to 60 terawatt hours at an average price of $39 per megawatt hour. The average price for energy hedged in 2019 is $2 per megawatt hour lower than our prior forecast and the reduction reflects a decline in market prices. The forecast of output for 2018 and 2019 remains unchanged from prior estimates. Forecasted increase in output in both 2018 and ‘19 reflects the commercial startup in mid ‘18 of 1,300 megawatts of new gas-fired combined cycle capacity at the Keys Energy Center in Maryland and at Sewaren in New Jersey. And the forecast increase is also supported by the commercial startup in mid-2019 of the 485 megawatt gas-fired combined cycle facility in Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut. Our forecast of Power’s full year 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings remains unchanged at $435 million to $510 million. The forecast represents non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $1.80 billion to $1.210 billion. Now, let me turn briefly to PSEG Enterprise and other, which reported net income of $0.02 per share for the third quarter 2017 compared with a net loss of $0.13 per share for the third quarter of 2016. Results for the third quarter of 2016 were impacted by the impairment of the REMA leases. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 were $0.02 per share compared with non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.04 per share for the third quarter of 2016. The decrease in non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter reflects the absence of certain tax items recognized in the third quarter of 2016, as well as higher interest expense at the parent. And the forecast for enterprise and other for the full year 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings remains unchanged at $35 million. PSEG also closed the quarter ended September of 2017 with $287 million of cash on its balance sheet and with debt at the end of the quarter representing approximately 49% of consolidated capital. PSEG Power had debt at the end of the quarter representing 31% of capital. And as Ralph mentioned, we are maintaining our guidance for 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 to $3 per share. And Shelby, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Julien Smith from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Julien Smith: Hi, good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Julien. Welcome back to the fray.
Julien Smith: Thank you so much. I appreciate it. So perhaps just to kick it off a little bit here on the New Jersey and some of the background with the politics here, I would be curious one, do you think there is potential for reform in New Jersey just given what’s already going on at the FERC level? And then secondly in that same vein of thinking, how do you think about the potential for our more comprehensive review of energy mix obviously there is some considerations with respect to solar in addition to the nuclear issue that you have addressed as well as just your ongoing utility spend in the extension and expansion of those programs. So to the extent to which that legislation might be a fixed for all, I would curious how that might be shaping up?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Julien. Yes, I do think that depending on what happens at the federal level, there remains the opportunity for New Jersey to recognize certain attributes that perhaps are not explicitly identified at the federal level. To the extent that the federal level does recognize the same attributes then you would not have redundant programs. So, an example of that might be you could have price formation improvements at the federal level just to make the market more efficient sort of along the lines of what PJM has talked about with inflexible units and that doesn’t do anything explicitly for fuel diversity or resiliency and therefore New Jersey could have an overlay on top of that. Similarly, fuel diversity versus carbon would be mutually exclusive, but if both jurisdictions recognized carbon, then you would not have two programs overlapping each other. Those are just types of examples I would think about in terms of state and federal programs being complementary versus redundant. To your second question, whenever you have a change in administration and as you implied, Governor Christie is term limited, now he is finishing his second term, has a desire on the part of the new incoming administration to establish themselves in various ways, it could be environmental, it could be the economy, it could be education and both candidates have talked about their desire to look at things a little bit differently when it comes to energy policy discussions about REGI and green energy targets and we absolutely as we have done for 110 years we absolutely will work with the incoming administration to understand their policy objectives and inform them as the implications both about positive and negatives of whatever we want to be done, because as we know things cost money to do, but if the benefits outweigh the costs, then we are eager to help them pursue it. So, yes, we will work closely with whoever the new governor is to help them formulate and execute their energy policy. Lastly, I think you are correct and if I could say implicit remarks that an ongoing investment in the infrastructure is something that is no matter who comes into office will probably be supportive of and I do think that’s correct, there is a widespread recognition on the part of regulators and policymakers that we have an aging infrastructure that’s not perfectly suited for the growing dependency that people have on electricity nowadays and the improvements we are making will certainly continue proposed, but I think will be well received.
Julien Smith: Excellent. Thank you for that. Just a follow-up again congratulations on moving higher within your range here at the top end on the rate base side, can you talk about reconciling that against earnings and some of the key factors that might be relevant in the current rate case and/or through the current period just in an attempt to reconcile the rate base trajectory against kind of hitting the upper end of that earnings, perhaps items might include like an authorized equity ratio or other deferred items in the context that we should be paying attention to you once it’s filed?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Our last base rate case was in 2010 and we have done a very good job of controlling O&M expense, but circumstances have conspired against us by having complete actions of low growth over that time. So, even a very good job of controlling O&M expense loses out to no load growth. We have also as you know had some of the clauses anticipate this rate case. So, we had some un-recovered CapEx and we had some modest investment levels above depreciation that served to build the rate base to levels that were not commensurate with what was in the 2010 rate case. That’s a really longwinded way of saying we need some rate relief, but we have managed our overall portfolio well enough that we are describing this is a kind of middle single-digit type of rate increase, which will be far below the compounding of CPI over the last 7 years that one might otherwise have expected. So, I think it will be something that is easily explained. Now, the 7% to 9% figure in rate base is more a prospective conversation. And my last 3 minutes was really looking in rearview mirror, but now as I look out the windshield, basically we have as you know in our 7% number, programs that were wholly approved than the 7% to 9% number anticipated some fairly high degree of confidence in some program extensions. And I think what you are hearing in our voices today is that, that confidence has grown as we have been able to put our engineers to work and understand some of parts of the system both gas and electric that needs strengthening. So, as you think ahead to earnings and as you know we don’t forecast earnings beyond the current year, the three levers you have in the regulated utility are earnings grow with load, I think down we are seeing 0.4%, 0.5% is the forecast.
Dan Cregg: Within the last 12, that’s about right.
Ralph Izzo: And then you are subtracting that O&M, we have been pretty good at controlling that and you add to that the clauses that we expect to get recovery of. So, its two additions and one subtraction and you will get pretty close to what the utility should look like in the coming 5 years.
Julien Smith: Got it. So, let me just make sure what I am hearing you say is it shouldn’t be all that different notwithstanding any kind of uncertainties with respect to the case?
Ralph Izzo: I think that’s correct within the limitation of as you know we don’t smooth for pension. So, some massive change in pension funding which we don’t expect we are 92% funded right now, but the equity ratio could be adjusted in the case to – we are probably going to ask [indiscernible] more, a bit more than we used to have in the past and so yes, the case could set a new base from which that upper end of the 7% to 9% can grow.
Julien Smith: Excellent. Alright. I’ll leave it there. Thank you all very much. Good luck.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta of Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Praful.
Dan Cregg: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: So I got the point of this decks and the DOE being mutually exclusive just wanted to understand given, Ralph, your initial comments on the DOE initiative, how do you see it playing out like do you see it as dollar per megawatt and dollar per megawatt hour. Do you see – how do you see that actually playing out and do you see that how much in terms of benefit you expect for your facilities?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, probably, so, of course, probably I wish I could answer that with definitiveness, but let m answer it with the way which we proposed that to be played out, which may or may not have any bearing with what actually happens. In our comments to FERC, we basically said first of all bringing PJM in under Section 206 to do what PJM says needs to be done is a no-brainer. So, the inflexible unit treatment, they fast start reforms, that is long overdue what needs to be done and that is the easy part. Others have estimated that could be anywhere from $2 to $4 per megawatt hour. Others have estimated that. Secondly, as this specifically pertains to the DOE recommendations put forth in a NOPR, we have pointed out that there is a substantial portion of PJM that is competitively positioned in the market, but yet receives cost of service rates from their state regulators. And on an interim basis that can be replicated at the federal level through a version of RMR type reliability, must run type contracts. So the units that are at risk of premature retirement and that would be an interim solution until one comes up with a market-based solution that values the diversity associated with these different field types. We have proposed one method that relates to tranching of the capacity markets, others have proposed methods that relate to scarcity, pricing and energy markets for different fuels, but that permanent solution will involve a longer discussion with affected stakeholders. So really, it’s three steps, it’s hey, there is plenty of evidence already that fast start and inflexible unit price formation needs to be fixed now and can happen now, interim solution for at risk of premature retirement using a cost of service methodology can be put in place very easily and then a longer term market-based solution. There are known solutions and options that people can pursue, but a more fulsome discussion would not be inappropriate in that regard.
Praful Mehta: Got it. That’s very helpful color, Ralph. And secondly, in terms of long-term views, I know you’ve talked about long-term the generation business probably not being as part of the consolidated business over the long-term. Now, given what’s happening with the IPP space and either company is going public or shrinking given the mergers. How do you see that playing out? Has that changed in anyway? Do you now see Power being more part of the business going forward or has that view on separation is still hold at this point?
Ralph Izzo: No, the view still holds, but I think it’s pretty obvious to us to at least, but right now in the short-term with all of the conversations taking place at FERC, at DOE, at the state, with new entrants being formed in anticipating the Vistra Dynegy combination with all the entrants exiting in terms of public markets, anticipating the Calpine going private. I think it’s – this is a good time to just sort of wait and let something settle out of it, right. So, we are in a great shape. Power is a cash generator and earnings producer. And about 15 months, Power will be a healthy free cash flow generator. The utility has an insatiable appetite for that cash. So, we are not in any hurry during this period of tremendous change, all healthy, all very healthy given the dialogues taking place at FERC and given the dialogue taking place at the state to let it kind of play out while we enjoy the benefits of the two companies being together. That doesn’t change the fact that we continually assess our strategic flexibility going forward on whether these two businesses belong together or not. And I standby my prior belief that I think over the long-term they do diverge.
Praful Mehta: Got it. And just to be clear that time of change is what 2, 3-year period while all of this benefit is down, do you think it’s…
Ralph Izzo: I did make that mistake about 3 or 4 years ago. I may not be this large, first off all, but I do learn from those mistakes, I am not going to give you that, nice try.
Praful Mehta: Alright. Thanks, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Almost it’s like the gasoline started like choking me, so my voice broke a little bit.
Praful Mehta: Thank you, guys.
Ralph Izzo: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it’s [indiscernible] here. Good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just want to see if you could quantify the uplift in PJM price reform as it’s currently being contemplated?
Ralph Izzo: So, Kevin what we quoted is what other sources have talked about if you just take Dan’s comments about 55 terawatt hours, every $1 is worth $55 million pre-tax. So, if it’s $2 to $4, but I just strung three if statements in there, so please be aware of that. You come up with the impact on us. Dan, did you want to add some color there?
Dan Cregg: No, I mean I think that’s right. I think there has been an awful lot of people that have put out some numbers on it. They have actually coalesced around that range pretty tightly. So, we will see as these different initiatives get done what it ends up looking like, but I think that seems to be a reasonable place to lot of the [indiscernible]. We think it’s pretty reasonable as well, Kevin.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, now how would that impact your hedging? Would you like hedge less or stop hedging ‘19 if you start to see progress or how do you think about that?
Ralph Izzo: So we have constantly disciplined ourselves to staying within a certain range in terms of how much we hedge, we have various parameters, gross margin at risk, standard VAR calculations. We do allow our ERNT folks, our trading organization to float high and low in that range depending upon what’s going on. To the extent that the whole market anticipates price formation you should start seeing that in the forward price curve and therefore our hedging approach would stay the same. We do challenge ourselves if we think the market is missing something to make darn sure that we can figure out why the market will be missing it before we would push one boundary or another, but in general, we will run a place to where we always have which is not assume we are smarter than the market and to just stay within those limits, but again, those limits are range and we do let our folks have some flexibility within that range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Christopher Turnure of JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, guys. I wanted to get maybe a little bit more detail on the rate case last year and in particular, kind of the true-up in what’s included in that. I guess that would kind be a third quarter event after the test year ends on June 30, but I am just trying to get a sense as to how next year will shape up there and what the rate case will ultimately include in terms of timing coming out of the gate?
Ralph Izzo: So, Christopher, we had originally planned to file November 1 per the agreement we made back in May of 2014 coming out of Energy Strong. There was widespread recognition that, that will be 2 in 10 and there was preference for 3 months of actuals and 9 months of forecast as opposed to 2 months of actuals and 10 months of forecast and that was the primary driver behind the 1 month delay, if you will. So, there is nothing mystical or profound going on there. So, the test year still ends in June of ‘18. As I mentioned before, we are expecting mid single-digit, we are requested to increase that will still keep rates below where they were in 2010 when we had our last base rate case. Remember, we have $250 million of GSMP stipulated rate base that was not covered by GSMP. We have about $100 million of Energy Strong above the $1 billion that was in the clause. We have storm recovery cost that’s I think $200 million something. That was deemed prudent, but hasn’t been returned to us yet. We have some new business that added to the CapEx. And candidly, we had some additional capital that was above depreciation levels that were accumulated over the course of the year. So, we would anticipate rates going into effect October, November of next year. And I don’t want to front-run the filing, we owe to the board staff. So, let them be the first ones to read the details, but Dan if you want add any thoughts.
DanCregg: Just one thing, Chris, it sounded like your question was implying there would be a rate case and then there would be a true up afterwards and the way that we describe the rate case is basically it is a truing up host of the things that Ralph just talked about. So we will come out of the rate case with the rates that are set within that case and historically we’ve seen a settlement in these cases and in the statement and that may well be where it ends up going, what we’ll see. We would look for rates next fall usually these are taken about a year and we would hope to anticipate that we can get rates may be in like the October range, but it’s a little different than our transmission formula rate which is file those rates going to effect for the following year and then there is a separate true up that happens the year after that. So just for clarity sake there is no true up after the rate case, rate case itself will true up our distribution rates and we would anticipate the new rates would be in effect say October of next year.
Ralph Izzo: And just I think most of you know this, but our rate base is roughly half transmission, half distribution right now, so tiny but more distribution.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, that was all very helpful context and I mean that’s kind of what I was driving at there towards the end-to-end just that the distribution rate case itself would have a 9-month forecasted test year, but that itself would never be trued up during the rate case process.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so the 9 months it will be a 12 year, 12 months test year and it will start with 3 months of actuals and 9 months of forecast and as we step through we’ll update those as we go forward.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. So you would have some update on or something during the process?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, yes.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, got it. And then just on the request for decoupling can you help put that into context for me just kind of understanding your motivation for that and maybe how you think it may or may not be perceived by interveners?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Chris, we’ve had a series of energy efficiency filings approved over the past 7 or so years. I think they’ve totaled out about $400 million most $69 million past summer. And we have basically worked around this issue of fixed costs recovery with the stakeholders in these processes and it kept us from doing something in a much grander scale and we’ve simply decided that with the prospect of a new administration coming in and ongoing indication that there are market imperfections that keep customers from investing in energy efficiency despite the compelling economics of that that we would like to do this in a much more significant way, but we are not going to do it and suffer fixed cost losses at the options recovery of fixed costs. So given the traffic redesign involved with decoupling we thought well, since we are going in for rate case, now is a good time to raise the issue and that’s the motivation. The motivation really is not so much of this rate case, but the rate case is an opportunity to pave the way for significant energy efficiency proposals early next year.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks, Ralph.
Operator: Your next question comes from Travis Miller of MorningStar, Inc.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller: I was wondering if we could boil down all of these power market issues and the two buckets, the price formation bucket and the fuel diversity bucket. How do you think about the next 2 to 3 years perhaps even more of capital investment based on what happens in either of those two buckets? So, what happens to the capital investment depending on the outcome [indiscernible] capital investment based on an outcome in fuel diversity?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I can tell you what it means for us Travis is we are not deploying additional capital into the power generation business, we have 1,800 megawatts of 6,000 to 6,500 heat rate power plants coming online and we are quite happy with that. At the risk of speaking for others, which is always going to be wrong that PJM in particular many other markets are in oversupply situation and there has been reasonable demonstration of capital discipline in the most recent auctions that have taken place. So, I think that the supply demand imbalance that exists is a separate issue that will continue to impart that capital discipline and the price formation issue is just the recognition that if you want the market to be efficient, then price should determine who runs and who doesn’t and you can’t keep having uplift payments and sidebar out of market payments guiding the dispatch of the system, which is what PJM has going on right now. I mean, price is not the sole determinant of how the systems dispatch, then that’s not a market, so that needs to be fixed, so two separate issues I guess.
Travis Miller: Okay, then got a reason that you don’t think there would be much capital investment in general across certainly the PJM region however this turns out?
Ralph Izzo: I think you can, without question, read into it, but that’s our point of view. Again, I don’t want to speak for others, but I know what our capital plans are, is to finish these three projects and generate some healthy free cash flow for the utility.
Travis Miller: Sure, sure. Okay, all my other questions are asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: I am sorry. Can you hear me?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Paul. There we can.
Paul Patterson: Sorry about that. So, just to follow-up on Travis’ question, what we often see with these market reforms is that others seem to deploy capital and I am just wondering when you see this $2 to $4 price increase with price formation we are potentially seeing that. How long-term do you think that would be or is the proposal, it’s hard for me to really completely get my arms around it? Is it such that you would still see location marginal pricing being set by inflexible units even with new entry showing up in the gas-fired area if you follow me. I mean, how should we think about sort of the sustainability of something like price formation given what we have seen quite frankly with the capacity markets and other “market reforms” to change the price that’s evolving?
Ralph Izzo: So, Paul, I mean that’s fair, I think that one has to realize that there is cyclicality in these markets that have different periodicity associated with them, right, the cyclicality in fuel prices, the cyclicality in boom/bust cycles associated with oversupply and under supply, the cyclicality in oversupply and undersupplies determined by power plants being built and is determined by pipelines being built. So to simply say that price formation will drive prices up $3 picking the midpoint in the range that Dan and I have talked about which we don’t attest to, but simply quote from others and then automatically concluding that, that’s going to lead to people running the numbers and assuming that, that number stays there for the plants, it could be a little bit risky right. I mean, what does it mean for the timing of pipelines that may change the basis differential of gas in Western PJM versus Eastern PJM? What does it mean for future carbon constraints that may or may not be part of a subsequent administration in Washington? I think all of us want to go – some people on this call may want to go see their children in their Halloween parades, otherwise I would list a thousand other factors that should go into people’s thought process before making those kind of investment decisions.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Dan Cregg: Just a matter, a market that is working better by virtue of some of the changes that need to be made is going to get you to a better answer.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to the DOE proposal, I know this is kind of a sort of moon shot question I guess maybe, but how much assets should we think about is being potentially if it were to be enacted for you guys I mean how should we think about what the potential impact might be there? I mean, how many units – just how do we sort of quantify that, if that were to – I mean, I know it’s kind of a hard question maybe to answer, but I mean, how would you suggest we think about it?
Ralph Izzo: I think Paul the way I will break it down is based upon how they have the DOE described the eligibility. So – and one of the main ones is having 90 days of fuel onsite. And if you think about what that means, that means our nuclear facilities certainly and it means our small interest in Keystone and Conemaugh.
Paul Patterson: So, all those units would theoretically be able to get rate of return rate base sort of what you are getting at the utility kind of thing?
Ralph Izzo: We will see where the – ultimately where the NOPR goes with it, but certainly from an eligibility standpoint, those are the units that would come to mind.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And I guess we don’t have – do we have like a – what the asset, what the day base number would be kind of if you me associated with that, you thought what I am saying I mean…
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean but there is a little bit of data related to some of the nuclear facilities in the Q, but it’s not on an asset-by-asset basis from a book value perspective.
Paul Patterson: Okay, well, I will follow-up afterwards. I mean I was just wondering, I was just curious if you had some sort of idea there, but I don’t want to hold it up. Thank you so much. Have a great one.
Ralph Izzo: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi, hey guys, easy question your 2017 CapEx guidance, the reduction of 300 million, can you give a little more detail about what’s moving and does that get put back into a future years CapEx and if so how far out in the future?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Michael so it’s a little bit of a split, I think we had reference, there were a couple of things that were going on related to the total sum is frankly just doing some work more efficiently and I think there’s a the majority of that it is on energy strong you heard about talk a little bit earlier about $1 billion going through the clause and about 100 million that will await the rate case and you remember it's about a $1.2 billion program. So frankly, some of that work was done more efficiently and I think that’s a great outcome and then it’s great for customers and we’re pleased to be able to do it that way and we had a little bit of the same on transmission not a whole lot. And then the balance really is timing and the timing is not anything that’s going to move dollars out 3, 4, 5 years it just moving ‘17 out into ’18. So in the aggregate if you think it may be about half-and-half, half being just efficiencies that we brought to the process and about half being some capital that move into next year.
Michael Lapides: So when you think about efficiencies, if I did half-and-half reducing CapEx Over the cycle by about 150 million and pushing out 150 in the next year kind of ballpark?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, if you think about that the 31 versus 34 that we talked about that’s about right, yes.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay.
Ralph Izzo: That trend towards the upper end of the rate base growth through 2021 includes all of that thinking.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. And then one other just thinking about transmission rate base growth and transmission capital needs and kind of how you’re thinking about whether there’s any lumpiness in some of what PJM is trying to plan around, given what happened with the [indiscernible] wheel. How are you thinking about just whether there are any lumpier or larger scale projects coming down the pike with transmission or is it all going to be just lots and lots and lots of kind of small and midsize ones?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, it’s more the latter than the former, I think if you had gone back 3 or 4 years you would have found more bigger lumpier projects a fair bit of what we are spending now is around 29 – 69 KB upgrade of 26 KB systems and that actually moves capital from the distribution area into transmission as it goes up in voltage. And those are smaller now a lot of them are still sizable projects, but smaller than for instance a Susquehanna Roseland type of project that we talked about in the past. So there are more smaller projects, projects as opposed to fewer larger projects that we seen in the past that will us forward and in fact as we think about our 2018 revenue number that we talked about even within our prepared remarks some of what you see their it’s a is a step up from what we have seen in some prior years even if you look back to last year there’s a pretty sizable step up in the amount. Some of that is incremental capital year-over-year and both the return on that capital and the depreciation the return of that capital will contribute to some of that increase, but you may recall last year part of the number that we had from a revenue increase was inclusive of a true up and that true up was related to bonus depreciation, so a couple years back, the bonus depreciation extension took place ironically goes December 31, it was roughly close to that it was certainly after we had filed our October formula rate filing. So the impact of bonus depreciation in 2015, getting it approved moved into 2016 after we had set our rates in a true up in 2017 included the reduction in rate base for those excess deferred taxes for bonus depreciation. So on a year-over-year basis you’ll see a jump in a lot of that had to do with the fact that 2017 had a true up reducing revenues for transmission related to that late enactment of bonus depreciation back in 2015.
Michael Lapides: Got it guys. Thank you much appreciated. Maybe one last one O&M at the utility has been very strong meaning you produced O&M this year. How much of that is just one off stuff related to maybe storms in 2016 and how much of that is kind of active O&M management?
Dan Cregg: It is the latter. It’s active O&M management and we’ve kept O&M to a very manageable rate over frankly the last number of years and we look to continue to do so going forward.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks Dan and much appreciate it.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning, guys.
Dan Cregg: Good morning, Jonathan.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: I have just one on the hedging data that you mentioned that you would had a $2 down in the average price to 39 after 2019 and hedged amount ticked up by 5%. Can you just remind us does that include an estimate of the pricing on the open position or is that just the average price on the hedge piece?
Ralph Izzo: It’s the latter, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So then I guess, following from that and between over the last four quarters it’s ticked down from 43 to 39 and the hedging is going from 15 to 30. How do we can reconcile that math?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I think if you take a look at what the ‘19 – 2019 forwards it look like over that period, you’ve been in a $29, $30 rate and what you’re doing is you’re pulling down from a BGS price in those out years which is exclusive of the capacity components, but inclusive of the other. So it’s not an unusual trend that we start in the out year of our 3 year cycle with BGS and then we layer on flat hedges as well as some other low deals in those slack like just tend to come in at lower prices and part because the curve has come.
Jonathan Arnold: Right.
Ralph Izzo: But also because their energy only hedges.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Sort of those two things going on that and then but also the curve is sort of the trade-off in the quarter and then recovered a couple of dollars since is a fair to say these were sort of down in the heart of the third quarter or can you give us any sense there?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, during the quarter since our last update.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then one other thing just on enterprises than the your guidance for ‘17 is 35 million number is that still the right ballpark going forward?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, yes, that’s right.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. I think that’s it. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Excellent. Thanks Jon. So I’ll go next, I’m sorry if we one more question otherwise I never got over our allotted hours time, but I don’t want to cut anybody off with the significant questions. So we’ll allow one more question.
Operator: Okay. So your final question comes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, how are you guys doing? [indiscernible] can I just ask through Ralph, can you just talk a little bit about the legislation if when we should kind of expected or what should we expect in the last 2 months starting tomorrow I guess November starts Buxton? And then I just had a one more question for Cregg was that could you remind us how much of the transmission increase went into effect on January 1 of the year. You said you’re going to requests something like 212 million, right January 1, 2018. Could you remind us what an amount was January 1, 2017?
Ralph Izzo: So we are just in a series of conversations with people right now, we are just making sure they understand what are nuclear plans meaning to New Jersey. And yes it is true that if New Jersey were to build a safety net, so as to guarantee or sure the continued operation those plans it would require legislation, but anything more than that would be premature to discuss right. So there is just a lot of conversations that we’re having with folks to say. If those plan were near here’s what happened.
Unidentified Analyst: And then 2017, Dan?
Dan Cregg: Yes, 2017 was $121 million and that was down over the last couple of years, which is 146 and 182. So it’s moved around a fair bit a lot of that is the bonus depreciation not I’m going to talked about earlier.
Unidentified Analyst: So from $121 million we are now going to like $212 million right, am I correct?
Dan Cregg: That’s right.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Ralph Izzo: So just to summarize what hopefully you heard from me and Dan this morning, our power plant construction is on budget and on schedule, three power plants that we hope to have online in June of next year and the subsequent June. We have a very healthy dialogue that we are active participants in going on under way on wholesale power market design and reform taking place at FERC, at DOE and at the state level. For the utility, we are now pointing toward the upper end of rate base growth at 7% to 9% range we are now thinking we will be able to hit that upper end of the range of between now and 2021. We have a very busy, but a constructive regulatory agenda coming up at PSE&G. We have GSMP in play. We have a rate case. We will have Energy Strong 2 in the near-term and longer term some energy efficiency. And we are happy to go over all of that and then some with you at EEI next week. I know we have a full set of meetings setup and if you are not on the meeting schedule, I am sure you can corner one of us in the hallway, they wouldn’t let me say it at the beginning of the script, but I wish everybody a Happy Halloween now and have a great holiday and a safe day. Thank you. We will see you all next week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc. Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc. Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Jamie, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Friday, July 28, 2017, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern on Friday, August 4, 2017. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning. Thank you, everyone, for participating in our earnings call this morning. As mentioned, PSEG released earnings statement for the second quarter 2017 earlier today, and you will find the release and attachments on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2017 is expected to be filed shortly. As you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless required to do so. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We won't go through the full disclaimer statements or the comments we have on the difference between non-GAAP financial measures, but I do ask that you read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measures providing information on operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA offers a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand the operating and financial results. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. PSEG delivered solid results to the second quarter and has had a good first half, putting us on a solid path to meeting our full-year objectives. Earlier this morning, we reported net income for the quarter of $0.22 per share. PSEG's non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2017 increased 9% against the prior-year comparable quarter, reflecting strong performance at both PSE&G and PSEG Power. The results for the quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2017 to $1.54 per share, which is a 4% increase over non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.48 per share earned in 2016's first half. Slides 5 and 6 contain the detail on the results for the quarter and the first half. At PSE&G, earnings increased $0.06 per share from the prior year comparable quarter. Continued infrastructure investment was the primary driver of this growth. PSE&G's focus remains on providing customers with what they want in terms of enhanced reliability, resiliency and green energy, while keeping bills affordable. PSE&G continues to make progress in its 2017 plan to invest approximately $3.4 billion in transmission and distribution upgrades. The investment will allow PSE&G to meet its commitment to provide customers with high quality service. Yesterday, PSE&G filed for continuation and acceleration of its Gas System Modernization Program. PSE&G is proposing to invest $540 million per year over a five-year period beginning in 2019. The program would allow PSE&G to shorten to within 20 years the replacement of its aging cast iron and unprotected steel mains and associated services. The filing is consistent with the draft regulations that the BPU issued in June regarding infrastructure investment programs. We applaud the BPU's efforts in this regard. While PSE&G has received approval from the BPU for several multiyear investment programs in recent years, they have generally been two to three years in duration, limiting the opportunity to expand as efficiently as we could with longer term programs. The BPU's infrastructure investment proposal would address this, encouraging needed infrastructure investment through timely recovery of investments and providing increased predictability by expansion of the investment time horizons of five years. The longer timeframe provides for better planning with contractors, vendors, municipalities where the work takes place, our own workforce, and of course, helps to promote economic growth in the state of New Jersey. PSE&G has made progress advancing its investment initiatives. Earlier this week, PSE&G reached an agreement in principle with the BPU Staff and Rate Counsel, which provides for a $69 million extension of its investment in energy efficiency equipment for hospitals, multifamily housing and other sectors. The agreement represents more than 90% of PSE&G's original request and will bring PSE&G's cumulative investment in energy efficiency to approximately $400 million. We believe an investment in energy efficiency programs is a cost-effective tool to lower air emissions and control the growth in customer bills. The work PSE&G has done in promoting solar energy in New Jersey was recently acknowledged by the Smart Electric Power Alliance, also referred to as SEPA, which named PSE&G the 2017 Investor Owned Utility of the Year. The award honors PSE&G for its ongoing commitment to increasing the amount of solar power in New Jersey and specifically for its work to build solar farms on landfills and brownfield sites in the state. PSE&G, as you know, will be filing a distribution base rate case with the New Jersey BPU no later than November 1 of this year. The timing of this filing was agreed to in the settlement of the Energy Strong Program. The case will provide PSE&G with the opportunity to reset assumptions on sales and O&M growth, as well as provide the opportunity to recover investments not recognized in various clauses since our last base rate proceeding, which was settled in 2010. It will also give us the opportunity to recover prior approved storm costs. PSE&G, as part of the filing, will request approval for a decoupling of distribution revenue from sales volume to support larger-scale energy efficiency investments. We believe strongly that this latter action will incentivize continued investment in energy efficiency and help lower participating customer bills. We expect PSE&G's initiatives to provide value for the customer and our shareholders. For the five-year period ending 2021, PSE&G's successful execution of its investment program is expected to result in compound annual growth in rate base of 7% to 9%. At PSEG Power, non-GAAP operating earnings increased by 6% to $0.19 per share as ongoing programs to reduce operating expenses supported earnings. PSEG Power retired its Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations on June 1 and made good progress on construction activities related to its three new natural gas combined cycle generation stations. The new stations will add 1,800 megawatts of efficient capacity over 2018 and 2019 and represents a reconfiguration of Power's merchant generation fleet that will improve its competitiveness in the market. We've seen some improvement in energy pricing in the PS zone relative to the PJM West Hub. A higher gas price with the opening up of more outlets for gas supply and the completion of work on transmission lines has released congestion and improved energy prices in the East. Power's primary market in PJM has also experienced an improvement in capacity prices. In May of this year, PJM announced the results of the RPM capacity auction for the 2020 and 2021 delivery year. Power cleared approximately 7,800 megawatts of its generating capacity at an average price of $174 per megawatt day. The average price received by Power was higher than prior auctions and continues to represent a premium to the price per capacity in the RTO. However, the number of megawatts, which cleared the auction, declined from the amount we have cleared in the past. Our results reflect the higher price resulting from the increased risk in the market associated with PJM's move to 100% capacity performance requirements, and the absence of available capacity to meet emergency situations following the retirement of Hudson and Mercer. The results of the latest auction provide stability in Power's capacity revenue through calendar year 2020. The energy markets, on the other hand, continue to be impacted by a slight demand and excess capacity which has hurt the return on our base load resources, as the average price on energy hedges declines. Power continues to advocate for policies at the federal level that would correct flaws in the wholesale market design that suppressed prices, and provide adequate recognition of the value that fuel diversity brings to a competitive wholesale market. We believe that state action is also critical and can be done in a way that both maintains the integrity of the wholesale market, and serves as a bridge until a regional or federal solution is in place. A strong legal foundation for state action appears to have been set with recent district court rulings upholding the legislative and regulatory actions in Illinois and New York. We continue to educate stakeholders at the state level about the need to preserve the diversity and resiliency of our electric generating mix. Successful execution of PSEG's key policy and regulatory initiatives would assure the company's ability to provide customers with the service, reliability and resiliencies they want and need at an affordable price in today's technologically-advanced society. Our non-GAAP operating earnings for the first half of 2017 are solidly within our outlook for the full year. So, we are maintaining our guidance for 2017's non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 to $3 per share. We expect the growth prospects of PSE&G, the reconfiguration of our merchant-generating fleet and successful execution of our policy initiatives will allow PSEG to extend its track record of delivering value for our customers and growth for our shareholders while we maintain a strong balance sheet and credit metrics. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dan who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Ralph and thanks, everybody for joining us today. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2017 of $0.62 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.57 per share in last year's second quarter. A reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter can be found on slide 4. We've also provided you with a waterfall chart on slide 11 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on slide 13, which provides you the changes in non-GAAP operating earnings on a year-to-date basis. I'll now review each company in more details starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income for the second quarter of 2017 of $0.41 per share, compared with $0.35 per share for the second quarter of 2016. And results for the quarter is shown on slide 15. PSE&G's operating results for the second quarter reflected benefits of revenue growth associated with its expanded investment and the continued control of growth and operating expenses. Growth in PSE&G's investment in transmission improved the second quarter net income comparisons by $0.04 per share. And revenue recovery from investments made to enhance system resiliency under the Energy Strong and Gas System Modernization Programs, GSMP, drove improved margin and second quarter net income comparisons by $0.02 per share. And an increase in depreciation expense is offset by a reduction in O&M and other expenses. Recall the transmission revenues are adjusted each year to reflect an update of the company's investment program. PSE&G's investment in transmission is expected to grow to represent approximately $7.6 billion of rate base at the end of 2017, which will be 45% of the company's year-end consolidated rate base. Under Energy Strong, electric rates are adjusted two times during the year in March and September and gas rates are adjusted each year in September. Under the Gas System Modernization Program, gas rates are adjusted each year in January to reflect the investment made during the prior year. The combined annual revenue increase in 2017 from these programs is forecasted to be approximately $56 million. Economic conditions in New Jersey continue to show steady growth, particularly in the level of employment. On a trailing 12-month basis, weather-normalized electric sales were flat year-over-year due to the impact of increased deficiency in solar net metering, which offset customer growth. Gas sales on the same basis were slightly higher with growth and demand from the commercial sector. PSE&G has had significant advances on a number of fronts. As mentioned by Ralph, the company filed earlier this week for an extension of the Gas System Modernization Program. This program, which calls for an average investment of $540 million per year, would accelerate the pace of replacement of aging cast iron and unprotected steel mains to 250 miles per year from the current GSMP pace of 170 miles per year. In addition, PSE&G reached an agreement in principle with BPU Staff and Rate Counsel, which provides for $69 million increase in the company's investment in energy efficiency equipment for hospitals and multi-family housing, as well as for new residential energy efficiency offerings for smart thermostats and data analytics. The agreement calls for a 9.75% allowed ROE and is subject to review by the BPU in the near future. PSE&G continues to advance its five-year $12.3 billion program in transmission and distribution, and continues to identify incremental investments. We expect to see growth in rate base through 2021 of 7% to 9% per year. Assumed within that $12.3 billion capital program is the extension of our existing GSMP program at the current rate of $300 million per year. Our filing yesterday reflecting investment of $540 million per year would increase our forecast capital program by investments made in excess of that $300 million per year amount. These important service quality-related initiatives build confidence in PSE&G's ability to extend its growth through its five-year capital cycle. Based on results for the first half of the year, the forecast of PSE&G's net income for 2017 remains unchanged at $945 million to $985 million. Now let's turn to Power. PSEG Power reported a net loss for the quarter of $97 million or $0.19 per share compared with a net loss of $11 million or $0.02 per share for the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings was $0.19 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA was $261 million in the quarter, compared with non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.18 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $250 million for the second quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure, as well as income tax expense, interest expense and depreciation and amortization. The earnings release and slide 20 provide you with a detailed analysis of the impact on Power's non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter. We've also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and the first half of the year on slides 21 and 22. Power's non-GAAP operating results for the second quarter of 2017 reflect the benefit of ongoing programs to reduce operating expenses and an increase in output, which offset a decline in average energy hedge prices. PSEG Power's net loss for the second quarter reflects the impact of incremental depreciation and other expenses of $387 million pre-tax associated with the June 1, 2017 retirement of the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations. This incremental depreciation expense associated with the retirement of these units is now complete and will not continue into the second half of the year. An increase in capacity prices in both PJM and New England on June 1 for the 2017/2018 energy year improved quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by $0.01 per share. Growth in output improved second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by $0.01 per share, and a reduction in O&M associated with fewer nuclear and fossil unit outage-related days in the quarter and the June 1 retirement of the Hudson and Mercer coal stations improved non-GAAP operating earnings by $0.02 per share. A decline in the average price received on energy hedges reduced non-GAAP operating earnings by $0.03 per share. And an increase in depreciation expense was offset by a decline in interest expense. Power's O&M for the remainder of 2017 is expected to compare favorably against 2016. And this reflects the absence of a refueling outage at Power's 100%-owned Hope Creek nuclear station, a decline in major maintenance expense at the fossil stations and, of course, the retirement of Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Output of Power's generating facilities increased 4% in the second quarter. The improvement reflects a 30-day reduction in nuclear refueling outage days in 2017 relative to the year-ago quarter, which improved the nuclear fleet's capacity factor to 89.6% from 82.7%. And you may recall Salem 1 underwent an extended refueling outage in 2016 to inspect and replace that unit's baffle bolts. The outage lasted through the month of July and the work required during Salem 2's recent refueling outage to inspect and replace baffle bolt was less extensive and has been completed. And no further work associated with this issue at Salem is currently contemplated. An increase in the price of gas improved the economic competitiveness of our base load coal fleet during the quarter. And during the quarter, that fleet saw an improvement in its capacity factor to 32.6% from 18.4%. Conversely, the gas-fired CCGT fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 55.3% versus 62.3% last year. As we indicated earlier this year, we experienced a more modest decline in our hedged energy pricing in the second quarter than in the first quarter, as weather related risk has not been priced into the market to the same extent as was experienced in prior years. Gas prices have improved year-over-year, but we have not seen a similar improvement in Power prices, which has led to a compression in Western hub spark spreads. In the PS zone, spark spreads have held up relative to what we experienced a year ago with an improvement in basis. Power continues to forecast the output of 49 terawatt to 50 terawatt hours for 2017 and approximately 90% of production for the remainder of the year's hedge at an average price of $46 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged approximately 65% to 70% of 2018's forecast production of 52 terawatt to 54 terawatt hours at an average price of $41 per megawatt hour. And for 2019, Power has hedged up to 30% of forecast production of 58 terawatt to 60 terawatt hours at an average price of $41 per megawatt hour. Power continues to assume deliveries in 2017 under the Basic Generation Service or BGS contract will represent approximately 11 terawatt hours of hedged volume. The forecast increase in output in both 2018 and 2019 reflects the commercial start-up in mid-2018 of 1,300 megawatts of gas-fired combined cycle capacity at the Keys Energy Center in Maryland and Sewaren facility in New Jersey, and the mid-2019 commercial startup of the 485-megawatt gas-fired combined cycle generation unit in Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut. Our forecast of Power's full year 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings remains unchanged at $435 million to $510 million and the forecast represents non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $1.80 billion to $1.210 billion. Now, turning to PSEG Enterprise and Other, we reported a net loss of $2 million for the second quarter of 2017 versus net income of $19 million or $0.04 per share for the second quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter of 2017 were $11 million or $0.02 per share compared to $19 million or $0.04 per share for the second quarter of 2016. The net loss for the second quarter includes a pre-tax charge of $22 million related to ongoing liquidity challenges facing NRG REMA and deterioration in market conditions affecting the residual value of the leveraged lease portfolio. The decrease in non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter reflects the absence of certain tax related items at PSEG Energy Holdings and higher parent interest expense. Lastly, discussing our financial position. Our financial position remains strong. Moody's recent upgrade of PSEG's senior unsecured rating to Baa1 stable from Baa2 positive, a test to the strength of the balance sheet and the changing composition earnings with PSE&G forecast represent two-thirds of 2017's non-GAAP operating earnings. PSEG closed the quarter ended June 30, 2017 with $430 million of cash on its balance sheet, with debt representing 49% of consolidated capital. PSEG Power's debt at the end of the quarter represented 31% of its capitalization, providing a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.1 times at the midpoint of 2017's Power's non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA forecast. As Ralph mentioned, we are maintaining our forecast of operating earnings for the full year at $2.80 to $3 per share. And Jamie, we are now ready to take your questions
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. One moment please for the first question. First question is with Neel Mitra with Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead with your question.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on the dispute against the transmission ROE with the 11.68% base level. And then, basically, how it was redacted and how that process went. And if you anticipate any conflicts in the future, how we should kind of interpret that?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Neil, I mean, three New Jersey towns did file and then they withdrew a couple of weeks later. We're not at liberty to disclose anything other than that. As you know, large customers always can challenge a lot of ROEs. But at this point, those are the only chance we've had.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Jon.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: God morning, Jon.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just checking if it's still morning. Feels later than that.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: What have you been doing, Jon?
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Always not much. Waiting for your call. Ralph, I missed a little bit of this, I think you made some generic comments about support for nuclear-friendly market reforms and legislation. I'm curious whether you could just give us some insight into what you believe the prospects might be for moving something like that in New Jersey this fall. And also, from your perspective, what is the most effective format for something like that to take?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, I don't want to put any kind of timing stuff, Jonathan. But I did comment that the court decisions that came out of Illinois and New York Federal Districts relevant to the states have solidified the fact that the states have the ability to act in these matters, and that's good news. We've been maintaining this is both a local and national issue, and it's good to see that it's getting national attention. But the problem, according to the forward price curve, is at New Jersey's doorstep, and there's no denying it. So, we've continued an education campaign, and I am pleased that actually in those conversations we've received just about, not exactly, but just about universal support for the continued operation of those plants. But we're going to work at all levels, primarily at the state, but also with PJM and FERC to do what we can to just make sure those plants are continuing their operation, that they don't prematurely retire and they do so with economics that is satisfactory to customers and shareholders. So, we don't have specific solutions. We're just really right now in a kind of education mode and we're pleased with the kind of feedback we're getting.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. So, I wanted to follow up a little bit on the strategic direction, I guess, and we've talked about this before but with the Zek and the Zen (28:10) discussion happening in New Jersey, obviously, is something around the nuclear support, how do you think about strategic direction of PEG Power? And also, given what IPPs are going through in terms of a number of them either merging or going private, how do you see the long-term vision of this business? Do you still see separation as a possibility or now you are thinking of it more as an integrated platform?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, Praful, I think the best way to look at strategic direction is to look at how we're allocating our investment dollars. And if you look back over the past 10 years, you'll probably see a 75/25 split utility PSEG Power. And if you look ahead five years, that ratio has changed a little bit. Now, it's 82% PSE&G at the utility and 18% at Power. So, the strength of the company and its growth is clearly at PSE&G, but we are not making VCRs or buggy whips, right? We're producing electricity and power and people still need that, so we're constantly optimizing that portfolio. We retired 4,000 megawatts of uncompetitive assets. We're now building 1,800 megawatts of competitive assets and we're warning people about 3,500 megawatts that are in some parallel that, actually, is a greater parallel to the customer and policymakers than it is to our shareholders, that being nuclear. If there is a strategic opportunity to do something different, we'll entertain it. But right now, we're quite happy with the cash being generated by Power and the utility's ability to deploy it very, very productively, which gives us extremely healthy balance sheet, one that rating agencies are looking more favorably upon, and robust growth of the utility without any need for additional equity and solid support for dividend that continuously grow with 4% a year. So, we're in a good place.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: On the new rules at the BPU that they filed with New Jersey or they're going to file with the New Jersey register, I was wondering if you could just – is there any flavor you can give us in terms of what that means quantitatively in terms of earnings or where your CapEx prospects or what have you?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, Paul, I don't think of it necessarily as increase or decrease in earnings prospects. I think of it as greater predictability of those earnings. So, for example, we talk about GSMP and the expansion we're filing – that we filed yesterday and the reality is that our filing follow those proposed new rules. So, that makes life a little bit simpler in terms of the discussion. But, think about this for a second, GSMP-2 is a bit of a misnomer. We could just have easily have called it GSMP-4 or GSMP-5 because it's prior incarnation it was called Capital Infrastructure Program, and then, it was called Capital Infrastructure Program 2 and then it was the Gas Improvement within Energy Strong. And so we've had great dialogue with the board's staff and consistent recognition of the need to replace this aging infrastructure. But it's been going on in 18-month increments and more recently in 36-month increments. And from an operational point of view, it just makes life difficult. And I think the board realized it. Okay, we've got a 100 years and then we got it down at 30 years, now hopefully we get down to 20 years of this pipe that needs to be replaced. Why are we doing this in such small increment? So, as you can see, we filed for 9.75% on the GSMP program. It's similar to what – it's exactly the same as what we've been getting on other programs. The mechanism is what's anticipated in the rule, in the proposed rule. So it's not a question of how much more or how much less the earnings will be, but just greater predictability, greater clarity, longer duration.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. An easy one. Just trying to think about PSE&G's capital spending over the next three to four years, three to five years. And a little bit what's changed since your March analyst conference? If I go back and look at like that slide 13 I think or one of the other CapEx slides, how should we think about how different the CapEx level is today going forward for the next few years versus what you discussed three or four months, or four or five months ago?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Michael, this is Dan. I don't think about it as being very dramatically different. I think that one of the things that we sought to address and as we talked about a 7% to 9% rate base growth, and identifying things that weren't necessarily in the base plan, but were on our radar screen to layer into the back end of the plan because of the nature of how we put forth our capital plan based upon what we know. I think what you've seen is very, very consistent with that as we moved from a 7% rate base CAGR over five years and targeted a 9% rate base CAGR. One of the things we identified to be able to fill that gap was energy efficiency, and we talked today about $69 million being approved for energy efficiency. Another is GSMP. And embedded within our base plan was $300 million a year on GSMP, which is the consistent run rate, but we thought that we could expand that. And we talked about maybe another $100 million or more that we could put into that plan to be able to get us from 7% to 9%. And what you saw us file was very consistent with that. So I don't think that I would describe the capital plan as being very different. I think I would describe it as us executing on the upsides that we saw within it and being able to achieve the higher end of that range, and we will continue to look for opportunities to do exactly that same thing.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. But if I go back and look at the Analyst Day deck, and I think it was actually slide 15, that's maybe the most appropriate one or so, you kind of showed a roll-off or a roll-down of CapEx from close to $3.5 billion at E&G this year, going at $2.5 billion or even less in 2018 and beyond. Do you still think you're at that $2.5 billion level in 2018 and beyond? Or do you think the run rate might look a little bit more something closer to the 2017 level?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Well, I think I would say that, directionally, it's not inconsistent with how we have talked about it in the past. And as we step forward into these years, we have been able to find appropriate investments that the system needs to have done. And as we step through time, that number has tended to grow. So 2017 is a high year for us with respect to capital. But I do think what we represented then through some historical data and how the years have progressed through time and what we anticipated on a go-forward basis was an opportunity to grow that capital program. And I think that's what we conveyed then and, I think, we still believe that now.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, Dan. Much appreciated.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Fair enough.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Ralph. You talked about the different avenues that you're watching for your nuclear generation stake (36:18), but also PJM and FERC. Could you maybe focus a little more on the PJM, FERC and DOE side and just kind of how much progress do you think is occurring there? And really, can they do enough, I guess?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So I think if you look at DOE, first. It's just good that from a policy point of view DOE recognizes a challenge with base load generation and fuel diversity. As you know, Steve, they don't have day to day regulatory authority. They have some emergency powers and various things of that sort. But most of the attention, I think, needs, from our point of view, to be at FERC than PJM. And there we've been talking about price formation for quite some time. The recent PJM proposals on how to deal with inflexible units is potentially quite helpful to the market overall in terms of the missing money issues associated with the fixed cost component of energy that it's not recovered as clearly the market design is to drive towards short run variable costs. I think that could benefit all power generators from the point of view of more accurate pricing. This bifurcated capacity market or different approaches to the capacity market can also be helpful in terms of mitigated units. At the end of the day, there are some policy objectives that states and others have sought to pursue, typically environmental, but there may be resiliency policy objectives that unless they are explicitly targeted by FERC and PJM, the states will continue to reserve that right to go forward. So, I guess what I'm saying is that we're encouraged by the reception at DOE and the administration at the importance of this reliability, national security, fuel diversity issues. It's going to be up to FERC to translate that into a price. And there is a recognition that price formation has not delivered on the workshops of two years ago, all the benefits it can. What is missing in everything I just described is the national levels of price on carbon. We don't anticipate that being made explicit in the near term. And that's probably going to be the domain that states will continue to probably add incremental value in terms of the environmental benefit. So, to me, Steve-
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: -as I said, we're not shy of our retiring plants. Hopefully, we've proved that. But in the case of nuclear, that's a state, local and national disaster in the making and we're just working double time every way we can to point that out to people that this is something that they don't want to let happen, and then say, 5 years or 10 years now, oops, what were we thinking?
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you for the follow-up. Just at the Analyst Day, in addition to the incremental items you've added, you had the expansion of ESMP or a continuation. Is that still something you see as possible? What should we be thinking around timing there and size-wise? Anything you can give us on that.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sure, Jonathan. So, that one is more of a fourth-quarter event. This year, it'll be after the rate case is filed. The rate case will be over by then. You should think of that in terms of the balance of Energy Strong. If you remember back to Energy Strong, we asked for close to $3 billion. And because we had never done anything like that before, the board staff suggested that we just do the most critical components first and see how it goes. The board then actually hired a third-party consultant to oversee our work, and that's gone very, very well. So, I would say it could be an additional $200 million to $300 million per year nominally in terms of electric system modernization that we would be filing in Q4. Well, probably in Q1 of next year, file our large – much larger energy efficiency program. So, there is no shortage of things that need to be done, some – continue the aging infrastructure replacement, for further enhancement of the grid, and balanced by the energy efficiency to help those participating customers control their bill.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Would that be a five-year type program, Ralph, the $200 million to $300 million you just-
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. No. You should expect in all of these cases we will comply with the infrastructure program rule – proposed rule. So, I keep stumbling on my word. So, yes. It would be a five-year for the current proposed rule.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So, we may see more about that in 4Q?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yes. You will.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: May I just ask one other thing while I'm on?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Sure.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You're up 4% in the first half. But your guidance is still midpoint. It's kind of flat in the year. Are there other specific drivers in the second half that you can point to that would sort of tamper things back down?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: There's two things going on. Number one is that I think was only one year being the exception that we changed our numbers after Q2. It's also 72 degrees in New Jersey today on July 28, so the third quarter although not a big pricing event for Power is still a big volume event for Power. And Dan is waving at me. He may want to add to that.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. Just last year there was a little bit of tax help that we saw towards the end of the year that we may not end up seeing for this year. So, that and just some of the pricing and what we'll see over the summer, and we talked a little bit within the prepared remarks about how prices are coming down. So, I would point to that and some tax help we got at the end of last year.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: You got it, Jon.
Operator: The next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. I was wondering if we look out a few years and if you get the nuclear support that you're thinking about, wherever that comes from, what would you think about upgrades and investments in upgrades at your existing plants?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, Travis, good morning. We are actually looking at a very modest upgrade (43:17). And it's mostly, I don't mean to diminish this paper exercise, it's the way in which one can measure, monitor, and calculate operational risk associated with different operating parameters. So, at the risk of stating the obvious, you're not going to see any major equipment investments at the same time that I'm talking about the forward price curve coming down and putting tremendous economic pressure on the plants. But, to the extent that we have the same staffing levels and the same overhead costs and we can squeeze out a couple more megawatts by doing better probabilistic risk assessment, we're going to do that. We do have a couple of up rates going on at our fossil plants that we've announced in the past at both our Bergen and our Bethlehem plants and those are a bit more meaningful in terms of their size. But at the nuclear plants right now at Salem and Hope Creek, we're just looking at Hope Creek and it's about 18 megawatts, I think, is the exact amount.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's right. And so, the incremental benefit that you would get versus the incremental cost is very favorable given the fact that you have the base plant running as Ralph mentioned.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Sure. Okay. Could up-rates and promises to expand nuclear power? Do you think considerably (44:33) be part of some kind of negotiation state legislative level?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, from the point of view that as we just try to suggest getting a few more megawatt hours without increasing the cost is helpful. Let me be 1,000% clear. We are working our tails off to make sure we don't need any help from anybody, right. The most important thing is to control what we can control and make sure we run those plants as well as we can, as at low a cost structures as we can so that even with the flaws in the market, they can still win. And if that means paper up-rates, then we'll do that. If it means more staff optimization, we'll do that. And so that's job number one, two and three. The comment I made before about near universal desire to see those plants operate is accurate. Obviously, our competitors don't want to see those plants operate. And that's a very rational position on their part. But I don't think we get the same universal reaction to new nuclear or building additional plants and not that we would have even considered that in the current gas price environment. So, I think to the extent that getting more out of the plant is something that helps make the more competitive answers, yes, but no one has talked to us about we'll build another plant and we'll let you keep these running. I mean that's not part of anybody's calculus right now.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Mr. Izzo and Mr. Cregg, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie. So, thanks everyone for joining us and we hope you- we genuinely hope you're as pleased as we are with the results we've had here today, and also hope you're as encouraged as we are with the growth prospects that we have, anchored by the agility with programs such as GSMP. As Dan said, it's just a few months ago, we thought that was probably going to be a $300 million a year program and maybe winding down in 2019, and now we have some good hopes that it could be a $500-plus million program and have five years of life after 2019. So, as always, Kathleen and Carlotta and the rest of the team are available to you for follow up. And with that, I'll just wish you a very happy and pleasant rest of the summer and we'll see you I'm sure on various different venues. Thanks everyone. Take care.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc. Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.
Analysts: Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Antoine Aurimond - UBS Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Daniel Yu - Goldman Sachs & Co. Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Dennis and I will be your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, April 28, 2017, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2:00 PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Time on May 5, 2017. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in PSEG's call this morning. As you are aware, we released our first quarter 2017 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017 is expected to be filed shortly. The disclaimer statement regarding forward-looking statements details the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even in light of new information or future events unless required by applicable Securities laws. We also provide you with commentary with regard to the difference between non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. I am not going to read to full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between non-GAAP operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measures providing information on operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA offers a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand operating and financial trends. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service. And joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Thank you. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you everyone for joining us today. As you saw earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2017 of $0.92 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.91 per share in last year's first quarter. Our GAAP results for the first quarter of $0.22 per share reflect the decision we made last year to retire the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating units, which will happen in June of this year. Results also reflect an increase in the reserve for the impairment of our leveraged lease investment in the Keystone, Conemaugh generating stations. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter benefited from the ongoing successful execution of our investment program. Growth of our regulated utility business and effective cost management offset the impact on Power's earnings of a continued decline in energy prices. Our regulated utility business is expected to grow 8.5% in 2017 to represent two-thirds of our full year 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 to $3 per share. We're off to a good start for the year by maintaining our usual focus on operational excellence, disciplined investment and financial strength. We've also increased our attention on achieving a few key policy objectives. First among these is getting recognition for the value of our nuclear-generating assets. As you know, nuclear generation is facing challenges that are real and serious. We've initiated discussions with key stakeholders at the federal and regional levels and here in New Jersey to improve awareness of the importance of nuclear power. Nuclear is a clean energy resource that provides nearly 97% of the energy that is free of air emissions and is generated in New Jersey. Nuclear supports resiliency of the electric grid by adding to a diverse fuel mix and avoiding the potential reliability problem of putting all of our eggs in one fuel basket. And nuclear provide significant benefits to the regional economy. We've been working on many fronts to secure the long-term viability of our nuclear generation assets. We've reduced staffing and cut expenses at our nuclear facilities. We've also advocated for change in wholesale market price formation that more accurately recognizes the value that these and other generation resources bring to the customer. The common sense reality is that these plants are valuable for a variety of reasons. Nuclear-generating facilities have unique characteristics that enhance the resiliency of the system and support public policy objectives that are not recognized or priced in current markets. While we commend the efforts that FERC is taking on price formation, time is running out for a wholesale market solution. We believe progress in recognizing the value that nuclear brings to the environment, the resiliency of the grid, and the economy of the region has been and will take place at the state level. Enhancing the resiliency of the power system has become an important issue for our company. Superstorm Sandy was the wakeup call that affected our thinking about what is important to our 2.2 million electric customers and 1.8 million gas customers. PSE&G's $12.3 billion base capital investment program over the next five years is focused on ensuring continued reliability and on anticipating, preparing for, and recovering from high-impact, low-frequency events. PSE&G's investment program includes $6 billion dedicated towards transmission system improvements. $3 billion of electric distribution investment is focused on lifecycle investments to ensure continued top quartile reliability performance and even better customer service. Another $3 billion is focused on modernizing and upgrading cast iron and unprotected steel gas mains. And lastly, $250 million is directed to investments in solar and energy efficiency programs that support New Jersey energy policy objectives. PSE&G's base capital program provides the opportunity for annual growth in rate base of 9% through 2019 and annual growth in rate base of 7% for the five years ending 2021. The expansion and/or extension of existing capital programs could lift PSE&G's five-year capital program by up to $1.5 billion and raise the growth in rate base from 7% to 9% per year over the five-year period. At the beginning of March 2017, PSE&G filed for approval to extend its investment in energy efficiency. This request represents a capital investment of $74 million and you should expect to see PSE&G request an extension of its existing program to replace gas mains and to modernize its electric distribution system later this year. PSEG Power's construction of 1,800 megawatts of new efficient combined cycle gas-fired capacity within PJM and New England markets is underway at a total cost of $2 billion. Earlier this month, the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection issued the last set of regulatory permits necessary to begin construction of Bridgeport Harbor 5. The Keys Energy Center in Maryland and the Sewaren Station in New Jersey are scheduled to begin operation in mid-2018. The Bridgeport facility is scheduled to begin operation a year later in mid-2019. The retirement of Hudson and Mercer, and the commercial operation of the new gas-fired, combined-cycle gas turbine capacity repositions Power's portfolio more toward efficient, cleaner assets. Our company-wide investment program is focused on building an infrastructure that improves system reliability. We will update you throughout the year on our efforts to preserve the value of nuclear energy for New Jersey and to secure approval for regulatory mechanisms that provide customers clean, affordable, resilient energy supply. As mentioned, we are maintaining our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for the full year of $2.80 to $3 per share. With the support of our dedicated 13,000-plus employees, we expect to be able to successfully deliver on the promise of our investment program that should provide growth for our shareholders and a sustainable energy future for our customers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dan, who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2017 of $0.92 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.91 per share in last year's first quarter. On slide 4, we've provided you with a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter. We've also provided you with information on slide 8 regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. And in addition, slide 9 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. I'll now review each company in more detail, starting with PSE&G. PSE&G, as shown on slide 11, reported net income for the first quarter of 2017 of $0.59 per share compared with $0.52 per share for the first quarter of 2016. PSE&G's first quarter results reflect the ongoing successful execution of its growth initiatives and control of operating expenses. Growth in PSE&G's investment in transmission improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.03 per share. Revenue recovery of investments made to replace gas distribution mains under the Energy Strong and Gas System Modernization Programs improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.02 per share, and the reduction in O&M expense also improved quarter-over-quarter net income comparisons by $0.02 per share. PSE&G implemented a $121 million increase in transmission revenue under the company's FERC-approved formula rate on January 1, 2017. Our transmission revenues are adjusted each year to reflect an update of the company's investment program. PSE&G's investment in transmission is expected to grow to represent approximately $7.6 billion of rate base at the end of 2017 or 45% of the company's year-end 2017 consolidated rate base. Gas distribution revenue increased by $16 million, with the completion of gas main replacement work approved under Energy Strong and GSMP. Under Energy Strong, electric rates are adjusted two times during the year in March and September and gas rates are adjusted each year in September. And under the Gas System Modernization Program, gas rates are adjusted each year in January to reflect the investment made during the prior year. Annual revenues in 2017 under both of these programs are forecasted to increase by approximately $55 million. Actual and weather-normalized electric sales increased about 1.5% in the first quarter compared to the year-ago period. The increase is due to a spike in industrial use from one customer that use PSE&G service in 2017, while the dedicated generation plant that normally serves the customer was out in an outage. So, the improvement in sales to this customer did not lead to an improvement in margin and actual and weather-normalized from gas sales increased about 3% on the quarter, and the high volatility of the weather experienced over the last few winters challenges the weather normalization calculations. But over the trailing 12-months period, we view weather-normalized electric and gas sales as essentially flat. As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G filed with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities in March of 2017 for approval to increase its investment in existing and new energy efficiency programs. The programs, if approved, would represent a capital investment of $74 million. As part of the petition, PSE&G is also seeking recovery of additional administrative and other costs, including costs associated with the enhancement of the information technology system. The petition has been deemed complete, which starts a 180-day clock to complete a decision on the filing. And this is expected during the third quarter. PSE&G invested $752 million in capital expenses during the first quarter of 2017 and is on track to invest $3.4 billion in 2017 on transmission and distribution infrastructure. And we are maintaining our forecast of PSEG net income for 2017 of $945 million to $985 million. Moving to Power, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.30 per share and adjusted non-GAAP EBITDA of $359 million. This compares to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.36 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $409 million for the first quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure, as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense. The earnings release and slide 17 provide you with detailed analysis of the items having an impact on Power's non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income quarter-over-quarter. And we have also provided you with more detail on the generation for the quarter on slide 18. PSEG Power's net loss for the quarter reflects the impact of incremental depreciation and other expenses of $564 million pre-tax associated with the decision to retire the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations on June 1 of this year. Power's results in the second quarter will also be impacted by incremental depreciation expense associated with the early retirement of these units. A decline in the average price received on energy hedges reduced Power's quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by $0.09 per share. The non-GAAP quarterly operating earnings comparisons are also lower by $0.01 per share due to a decline in generation output and by $0.01 per share increase in the reserve-related to a FERC investigation of Power's cost-based bids that began in 2014. The impact on non-GAAP operating earnings from these two items was offset by a $0.02 per share improvement in off-system gas sales. A reduction in O&M as a result of cost control efforts at the nuclear stations improved non-GAAP quarter-over-quarter operating earnings comparisons by $0.03 per share. Power's O&M for the remainder of 2017, particularly the second half of the year, is expected to compare favorably into 2016, given a reduction in pension expense, a decline in major maintenance expense at fossil, the absence of a refueling outage of Power's 100% owned Hope Creek nuclear station, and of course, the June 1 retirement of Hudson and Mercer, as I previously mentioned. Now, let's turn to Power's operations. Output from Power's generating stations declined 2.8% in the first quarter from year-ago levels. Quarterly comparisons were affected by one fewer day of operation this year versus last year, due to leap year, and also reflect the adverse impact on energy pricing and volatility from above normal temperatures during the first two months of the year. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 100% in the quarter, producing 8.4 terawatt hours of energy. Power's combined cycle fleet experienced a decline in its average capacity factor during the quarter to 41.8% from 51.7%. For the quarter, the combined cycle fleet produced 3 terawatt hours of energy as the coal-fired fleet produced 1.4 terawatt hours of energy. During the first two months of the year, the power markets were characterized by warmer than normal weather, reducing overall demand and lowering price volatility. The impact on realized energy pricing from the decline in our average price on energy hedges was notable in the first quarter of 2017 versus 2016. As previously disclosed, our average hedge price on energy for 2017 is expected to decline from $51 per megawatt hour in 2016 to $46 per megawatt hour in 2017. The impact on realized energy prices in the first quarter of 2017 reflected a larger decline than the average for the year, contributing to the $0.09 per share impact from recontracting I mentioned earlier. This quarter-over-quarter decline was related to higher seasonal pricing on contracted basis in the eastern PJM region realized in the first quarter of 2016. For the remainder of 2017, we anticipate a more modest decline year-over-year in energy pricing than what we experienced in the first quarter and a lower decline than what we are forecasting for the full year. Although Power's access to low-cost shale gas continued to provide a benefit to its margins relative to the market, power did experience a compression in spark spreads during the quarter, which had an impact on output from the gas-fired combined cycle fleet. The market has sustained higher prices since the end of February and the improvement can be attributed to higher gas prices and a reduction in congestion with the completion of some transmission work in the area. Based on the milder weather to-date, Power's forecasting output for 2017 of 49 terawatt hours to 50 terawatt hours and the forecast is modified slightly from our prior forecast of output for the year of 49 terawatt hours to 50 terawatt hours. The change in output is primarily the result of a mild winter and the impacts on output on the combined cycle fleet. The nuclear fleet's full year forecasted capacity factor is unchanged at 92%. Salem 2 is currently in a refueling outage that's forecasted to be longer than normal, given the decision to proactively address any needs related to the unit's baffle bolts. Approximately 90% of production for the remainder of 2017 is hedged at an average price of $46 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged approximately 55% to 60% of its forecasted production for 2018 of 52 terawatt hours to 54 terawatt hours at an average price of $41 per megawatt hour. And for 2019, Power has hedged 20% to 25% of its forecasted production of 58 terawatt hours to 60 terawatt hours at an average price of $42 per megawatt hour. Power continues to assume BGS volumes will represent approximately 11 terawatt hours in 2017, which is consistent with 2016 volumes. Power's average hedge prices don't include any anticipated future benefit from its retail marketing efforts. We continue to forecast non-GAAP operating earnings for Power in 2017 of $435 million to $510 million. And the forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings represents an adjusted EBITDA of $1,080 million to $1,210 million for the full year. Now, I'll briefly address the operating results from Enterprise and Other. For the first quarter, Enterprise and Other reported a net loss of $15 million or $0.03 per share for the first quarter of 2017 compared to net income of $17 million or $0.03 per share for the first quarter of 2016. The net loss for the first quarter of 2017 reflects the impact of a pre-tax charge of $55 million associated with the continuing liquidity issues facing NRG REMA. The charge reflects our current assessment of the ongoing matter. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2017 of $17 million or $0.03 per share were unchanged quarter-over-quarter from the first quarter of 2016 and reflect contractual payments associated with the operation of PSEG Long Island and certain tax items at PSEG Energy Holdings. And we continue to forecast full-year 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings from Enterprise and Other of $35 million. With respect to financings, PSE&G closed the quarter with $193 million of cash on the balance sheet and with debt at the end of March of 2017, representing 47% of our consolidated capital. Debt at PSEG Power represented 30% of its capital at the end of the quarter. In March 2017, PSEG Power and PSE&G extended the expiration dates on $4 billion of credit facilities to March of 2022. At the end of March, total available credit capacity was $3.6 billion. We remain in a position to finance our five-year base capital program of $15 billion without the need for the issuance of equity. And we remain in a position to finance an expansion of our investment program also without the need to issue equity. Power's cash flow is forecasted to improve following the completion in 2018 and 2019 of construction of the three new combined cycle units, with the decline in annual capital spending at Power to $200 million a year from 2017's capital budget of $1.2 billion. PSE&G's internal generation of cash is expected to remain strong throughout the forecast period. We continue to forecast non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year at $2.80 to $3 per share. That concludes our prepared remarks and now I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. And your first question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I was curious about the REMA item. When I look back to the Analyst Day, I think you had said, when you were talking about guidance, you'd highlighted this as a write-down of what you described as the residual value. So, is it safe to assume that you have no further exposure?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Jonathan, I think we're in a good place right now. The best information that we have is what we have booked to, really based upon what we know about the liquidity issues at REMA, the issues surrounding the facilities themselves, and basically the alternative outcomes through our discussions with them. So, we think based upon what we know right now, to the best of our information, we've recorded to where we think things will be when all is said and done.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can you share sort of how much still on the books?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. Between Keystone and Conemaugh, there's about $55 million of total investment that remains on the books.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, you've written off basically half of what was there?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: That's correct. Yes.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just on the $0.01 charge you took for the FERC investigation, not much happened on that recently. And can you just clarify what's going on with that given the situation at FERC at the moment, and what led to that charge?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, as you know, this has been an issue that's been around for a while and 2014 is when it began, and there was that $25 million charge that was taken in 2014. We are moving forward with it. There's still a fair bit of uncertainly that remains, but based upon where we are right now within the investigation and discussions, the lower end of the range of our exposure as we've seen it has raised to $35 million from that $25 million number that we had. And that was the driver behind the reserve that we know.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, you were still booking the low end and that's up $10 million.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: That's exactly right.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. That's all I had. Thank you.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Antoine Aurimond - UBS: Hey, guys. This is Antoine Aurimond calling for Julien. How are you?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good, Antoine. How are you?
Antoine Aurimond - UBS: Good. First, after this quarter, how do you see BGSS margins trending for the full year? And more generally, how do you see gas basis in PJM is evolving in light of the recent pipeline delays?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Your first question was on BGS or BGSS?
Antoine Aurimond - UBS: BGSS. The margins for the full year.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So frankly, as we look that product in particular, most of what we'll see throughout the year takes place in the first three months of the year. So, I would say that the BGSS component of our business really will have minimal impact until we get into December, so not a whole lot of variability that we would anticipate until we get adjusted to the fourth quarter there. We have seen some delay in pipelines. I agree on that front, but we have seen some movement within the basis as well. I think that over time as we continue to see more takeaway capacity built, we will see some levelization of gas prices over time.
Antoine Aurimond - UBS: Okay, got it. And lastly, with regards to the Con Ed wheel, given that Con Ed has been dropped out and that NYPA could possibly follow, do you see any risk of the transmission carving allocated to your utilities customers?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, that's a subject of ongoing dispute at FERC. I think the bottom line for us is that there's no question about recovery of investments that we make. But you're right, Antoine, there will be some healthy debate over who pays that. But at the end of the day, we are getting paid.
Antoine Aurimond - UBS: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. One in the weeds question and one higher level question. It looks like you have slightly lower – not just slightly lower from output for this year, but also slightly lower projected output in the subsequent years. It doesn't look like it would impact margin much, but I'm just wondering is that a function of sort of your dispatch model just being updated for current forwards?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's all it is, Greg. I'd say the most solid impact is what we've seen year-to-date on the winter. So, the lower end of that range stay the same. We just took the top-end down by 1 terawatt hour.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. And then, I know that you obviously have state level activity with regard to what you believe to be the right infrastructure agenda for your customers. But at the same time, you've got this federal move with Rick Perry at DOE opening up a process. And my understanding is that FERC may consider a stakeholder process that ultimately develops into potentially a 205 proceeding to amend their tariffs to deal with the proliferation of subsidies. Can you comment on all those on whether you believe that – how you think those tensions ultimately get resolved and whether or not that's accurate.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Greg. Yeah. We're following the DOE studies through EEI, which is we're paying very careful attention to what the future prospects are for base load generation, primarily in organized markets, but in general around the country. And the discussions we've had at every level, right, so we've been talking to people at federal levels, we've been talking to people at PJM, we've been talking to people at state, is that regional and national solutions are preferred, but given the time that's required for naming of FERC commissioners, getting your arms around the value of fuel diversity, getting your arms the value of the environmental impacts of NOx, SO2, carbon, et cetera, that states should be in the lead on those attributes that they value and those programs should go away as regional and federal programs take over. So, it's not a question of holding off on everything until we get clarity from DOE by any means.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Do you think it's plausible that there could be a stakeholder process that ultimately results in a request for a tariff change at FERC...
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's possible. Sure.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: ... for the PJM auction in 2018?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: It's possible. Sure. We all know what the time frames are at PJM and at FERC, but, yes, it is possible.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just following up the nuclear discussion, wanted to understand what kind of timeframe do you have in your mind around getting some resolution on this? If there is no support or no exact or any other form of nuclear support, how long are you willing to wait before you take a decision on the nuclear assets?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: We haven't drawn a line in the sand, Praful. I mean, our units are hedged. And as we've said publicly that our – because of those hedges generating positive cash flow, however, as one looks at the forward price curve, as those hedges roll off, that cash flow becomes more and more challenge. And in fact, if you believe the forward price curve out three years, those cash flows turn negative. One then has to ask, well, what do you think will happen to the price curve beyond that? So, rather than draw a line in the sand, what we've said is we ought to work collectively with people to make sure that the attributes of nuclear are being compensated in the market. And that to the extent that those attributes are not being compensated, they should look at providing a needs tests for nuclear plant to say, okay, if they are in fact not profitable and are at high risk of going away and we will regret losing those attributes, then we want to make sure they don't go away. So, I think what we've tried to go out of our way to say is the day we announce a date, we are in a mode that is a place that nobody ought to want to be, because these assets are too valuable to the state of New Jersey for us to announce a date. So, we're doing all we can to avoid having to do that.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. And secondly, just a detail question. On the hedges, it look like the percentage hedge obviously comes down over time, but the price also is down, which you would expect from the forward curve down from 46% to 42%. I guess the question is, generally when you're hedging in the forward market, or hedging better periods of time, peak periods or peak hours, what do we take away from the hedge price? Does that mean that the average is actually even lower than that? Just trying to get a sense for what the 42% really means in terms of forward achievable prices for 24/7?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe two ways to think about that, Praful. One is – I don't know that I would say that we are necessarily hedging the highest prices earlier and then moving down the scale. There's on-peak and off-peak hedges that get put on without a particular pattern necessarily. So, I would diffuse you of your first thought that it's definitely the higher prices. That said, as we look to the outer years of our disclosed hedge prices and into 2019, given that we've had some BGS auctions that have rolled through, some of that 2019 volume is based upon BGS and we decomposed the BGS price and pull out the capacity components, but there are some other non-energy components that are in there that give a little bit of a lift to that price. So, maybe not so much the fact that it's the higher price or the on-peak prices that have been hedged, but more so that some of the BGS volume that rolls into 2019 shows that price to be what it is. But that's the makeup of it.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. That's very helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. I just – I don't know if you're willing to give us a sense what would be the potential construct of that support for nuclear plants in New Jersey. It's my understanding that it wouldn't resemble the one from New York or Illinois. Would it be more like what we're seeing in Connecticut or something completely unrelated? Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Angie, I would say right now we're in what I would call an education phase. And the only thing that we know for a fact in New Jersey is that if New Jersey were to agree to the importance of nuclear from an environmental point of view, from a regional economy point of view, from a fuel resiliency point of view is that it would require legislation. And I just have a lot of confidence that New Jersey will give it serious thought. I mean, the issues are pretty clear here. If those assets are not earning their cost of capital over the long term or if they turn cash flow negative, we'll retire them. That will be a very painful decision given the impact it has on New Jersey, but, unfortunately, it's a very clear decision for us from a shareholder point of view. So, now, the question is how do policymakers feel about the increased emissions of NOx, SO2, CO2, single-fuel dependency. And I thank you for your question. This is not a slam against natural gas. This is not a projection that natural gas won't be abundant for decades to come. It's not a slam against renewables. This is the case for the value of fuel diversity, the value of not putting all your eggs in one basket, the value of something that does not have air emissions, the value of something that has, candidly, really good jobs, and obviously the laws of economics, supply and demand. You cannot remove 40% of the supply without having an increase in prices in New Jersey. And that's something New Jersey consumers should not like. So, once the plants become quote uneconomic, they still have enormous value to New Jersey. So that's what we're doing right now. We're just educating people about that. To us right now, they are still positive cash flow generators.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: So, just following this line of thinking. So, basically, the plants become free cash flow negative come 2020?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Well, if the forward price curve is realized, the answer is yes.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And so -
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: And we do not try to outguess the forward price curve. As you know, we run this company in accordance with a hedging program that feathers in the forward price curve. Now, we're working hard to lower our cost at nuclear and try to fight against that stream, that current.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. But in light of that, right, you said that it's still a discussion phase in New Jersey. We're going into a capacity auction, which will cover the summer of 2020 and beyond. You have a set of assets that based on observable curves is free cash flow negative. So, what do you do going into the auction?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Of course, we discuss that all the time and you know us well enough, Angie, to know that we're not going to disclose that. You're really asking how we we're going to bid the units in RPM and we just never talk about things like that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. I had to try. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: But it's worth trying though.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Yu with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Yu - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Daniel Yu - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Two parts to my question on Power and market fundamentals. First, are there major supply changes in New Jersey that we should keep in mind in addition to the retirement of Hudson and Mercer and the elimination of the Con Ed wheel? And second, in your view, what are the impacts of these supply changes on the energy and capacity markets?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: I mean, I think the one that we would point to is we have our Sewaren plant that's coming in, but maybe I would say you have the RPM auction that has happened for the past couple years. You can see what has come forth from the standpoint of new capacity there. And in the last auction, there was nothing that was in EMAAC. But that's your best indication as to what's going to happen in the near term, near term being three years out coming out of the capacity auction given indication. So, you'll be able to see what supply and demand has committed to the market three years out. And then, the other thing that we look at that we talked about briefly before is just overall supply of gas and pipeline capacity in the region.
Daniel Yu - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I know that you had a couple specific things that you wanted to see changed or things that you thought were, I guess, unjust or unreasonable in regards to the PJM parameters in the transmission capacity in the eastern region. Given the changes that were announced a couple of weeks back, did they fully reflect those changes or partially reflect those changes or can you give us some color there?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yes, Chris, partially only. We're still confused and our technical people have a different point of view than what was published by PJM, in particular on the CETL/CETO parameters as it pertains to the PS Zone, and in particular, PS North. So, we are going to follow the appropriate communication channels to PJM. And I'm sure that they will post our communications with them on Oasis or whatever other mechanisms they choose. So, it was better the second time around, but we still either need to be educated or PJM needs to make some further changes.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And when you say that, are you referring to changes for future auctions or something that could impact this year?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah, think it's more than likely for future auctions, Chris. I've lost track of time. I think today's April 28 and the auction starts in two and a half weeks. So, I think we're talking about future auctions.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, I know you don't have that much capacity up there, but the ISO-New England proposal from I think last week was pretty interesting. Do you have any preliminary thoughts on what the impact of that might be over time and the next steps that would be required to get that in place there?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, as you know, the most important thing we have up in ISO-New England is the construction of a new combined-cycle gas turbine unit, which has a seven year lock on prices. So, we're good to go for the foreseeable future. So the changes that you're referring to are not of a big consequence to us.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. We'll have to wait and see. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Paul.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: A few quick ones. First of all, on the DOE examination, et cetera, just in general, are you hearing anything about perhaps something more dramatic coming out of Washington to deal with nuclear or coal plant retirement, base load retirements outside of the sort of normal stakeholder process sort of approach? Anything that would lead you to think that there'd be something outside of the stakeholder approach that we've been seeing for so many years now? Have you heard anything perhaps more dramatically happening more quickly to address some of the more imminent closures that might be happening?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: No. Paul, we haven't. I mean, the reality is last congressional stab at tax reform has some phasing out of both the production and investment tax credits. I suppose Congress could revisit that and try to further accelerate those phase-outs. The real issue is what happens in organized markets to price the attributes of fuel diversity and/or environmental attributes. And I think that's less about doing away with something and creating something and that, as the earlier questions pointed out, really lends itself more to a stakeholder process or a discussion that would play itself out over the coming months, if not, years, which is why we would say that state action is likely going to front run any federal consensus on these issues. But to be blunt, Paul, we're reading the same stuff you are and just getting feedback through EEI on what this all means.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then – and I apologize. I was interrupted just briefly during the call. There was this infrastructure strong proposal at the New Jersey BPU and another one of payments of it, a disc sort of setup. And I was wondering if you guys – if you've already talked about it, I apologize. But if you haven't, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more about what you see happening potentially there and how could it impact you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Sure, yes. No, we haven't discussed it. I describe it as a step in the right direction on an issue that we and the board staff and others have been talking about now for a well over a year. You may remember, we have filed 14 trackers/clause programs over the past 10 years and had all 14 approved, not exactly as we had filed them, but with modifications. And it's become abundantly clear to us and to the board staff that many of these programs that we've initiated have many, many years ahead of them. I mean, we have an aging infrastructure that needs replacement. And to constantly go back in because of an 18-month program's expiration is just suboptimal in terms of how much work you can do efficiently. So, things like training programs for long-term employees, permanent hires versus contractors are things that we don't do now because we don't know whether our capital program is going to end in 18 or 36 months. So, what the board has come out with, all right, we'll give things a kind of a standard recovery mechanism in a five-year life, but in exchange you have to come in for rate case every five years. And given the actions to load growth, that seems like a very, very reasonable thing to do. Now, the devil's in the details, and based upon the straw man that was put out, there's a couple of significant improvements that we think we need to be made. I'm sure that maybe some other folks who have a different point of view. But we think it's a good step in terms of realizing that long-term ongoing infrastructure replacement should not be done in 18-month increments. And giving us five years of clarity will help us hire the people, train the people, invest in new equipment that can help us replace miles of pipe more efficiently and reinforce circuits more efficiently and do things that customers are expecting from us. So, to be continued but certainly a constructive first step.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: And then, Paul, this all will be a public process. So, as it progresses over time, you will be able to see the discussions that are going on and how it is going.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Any sense on the timing? I mean some of these things can – I don't know, I mean the consolidated tax seems to take forever. Do you have any idea when this might be resolved?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Not resolved. Next week is the beginning of the process. I believe there's – you may see some more discussion around it next week that would give more of an indication. But I think as far as when it would end is we don't know right now.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: I'm going to hope that it's done this year, but we don't have a control over that schedule.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: I'm sorry. It's been answered. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. Please continue with any closing or prepared remarks.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Sure. So, thank you all again for joining us. As is often the case, we're greatly appreciate it. As is always the case indicates, we're greatly appreciate of you spending your time with us. So, hopefully, the main messages you heard is that the utility investment program is on track. We're doing things that are valuable to customers and hopefully provide a fair risk-adjusted return to our investors. We certainly view them as being such. Dan briefly mentioned, but it's worth repeating that the Power construction program is on schedule and on budget, so all looks okay there. We continue to realize the benefits of careful cost control in the utility, in PSEG Power and that commitment is a daily one and you can rest assure that will continue out to the future. And lastly, we are engaged in some policy discussions that we believe can be helpful to our customers and our shareholders whether it's energy efficiency, recognizing the value of nuclear or putting in place predictable long-term infrastructure programs, all of which will help us run our system more efficiently and in a way that's safe, reliable and affordable for all involved. I'm sure Kathleen and Dan and I will see you at various venues in weeks and months ahead, and we look forward to chatting with you at that time. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc. Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Ashar Hasan Khan - Visium Asset Management LP Andrew Levi - Avon Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome, everyone, to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 24, 2017, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2:00 PM Eastern today until 11:30 PM Eastern on March 3, 2017. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings call today. As you are aware, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings results earlier this morning. The release and attachments are posted on our website www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016, is expected to be filed early next week. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement, or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you all read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regarding forward-looking statements details a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although, we may elect to update those forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change unless required by applicable securities laws. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measures of operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA provide a consistent and comparable measures of performance to help shareholders understand our operating and financial trends. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group, and joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions and we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kathleen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of 2016 and as you saw we reported that the non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.54 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.50 per share earned in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our GAAP results for the full year of $1.75 per share reflect the impact of our decision last year, to retire the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating units in June of this year. The non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year of $2.90 per share were closely aligned with 2015's non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.91 per share. And they were solidly within our revised guidance of $2.80 per share to $2.95 per share, as well as within our original guidance. Our results reflect the benefits of growth through organic investment and control of O&M expense, this helped to offset the impact on earnings from low energy prices and record mild temperatures experienced during the first quarter of the year. Actions we have taken to transition our business mix in response to changing market conditions have supported PSEG's earnings and will continue to have a positive impact. For 2017, we're focusing on our non-GAAP – forecasting, our non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 per share to $3 per share. Now, let me just describe a few highlights in 2016. First off, PSE&G was named by the ReliabilityOne organization, as the most reliable utility in the mid-Atlantic region for the 15th consecutive year. The utility invested $2.8 billion during 2016 to upgrade and expand its transmission and distribution system. As part of this work to enhance the system's resiliency and its reliability, PSE&G placed into service the 345 kV northeast grid transmission line. The utility upgraded 177 miles of gas pipe in more than 80 towns under its three year, $905 million gas system modernization program. As part of this work, PSE&G collaborated with Environmental Defense Fund to help detect methane emissions. This collaborative effort helped determine which gas pipes to replace first and that led to a greater reduction in emissions at less cost. In addition, upgrades to PSE&G's electric distribution system continue under the $1.2 billion energy strong infrastructure program. The utility also received approval during the year to expand its Solar 4 All program. The decision by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities allows PSE&G to build an additional 33 megawatts, that's DC, of solar farms on landfills and brownfield sites in the utility serviced territory. Solar 4 All with this latest approval grows to represent a 150 megawatt program, that's also DC. PSE&G's investment program, its supportive revenue recovery mechanisms, and tight control of O&M provided for growth of 12.9% in its net income from 2015 to 2016, increasing its contribution to 60% of consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings. This continues PSE&G's track record of 16% compound annual growth in earnings since 2009. And we also made strides in 2016 at PSEG Power. Despite the continuation of difficult power markets, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year within original guidance, and in excess of our revised guidance. Management's ability to control expenses in response to market and operating conditions helped to offset the impact on earnings of lower volume and pricing, and speaks to the capability of our management team. Power invested $1.3 billion in capital in 2016, construction of 1800 megawatts of new, efficient combined cycle gas-fired turbine capacity within the PJM and New England markets at a total project cost of $2 billion remains on time and on budget. Also during the year, Power invested approximately $300 million, a nearly double the size of its portfolio of solar projects to 400 megawatts DC. During the year, Power announced it would be retiring the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating stations on June 1 2017, given the outlook for energy prices and the cost of operating these older stations. Retirement of these facilities will improve the outlook for Power's cash flow and income going forward. The addition of the new gas-fired capacity and the retirement of Hudson and Mercer will transform Power's generation mix. Coal-fired generation is expected to represent 7% of our fuel mix in 2017. As energy produced from natural gas represents 30% and nuclear fuel generation provides 63% of our energy output. An improvement in the fleets' economic efficiency with a decline in the average heat rate will also benefit the dispatch of Power's assets. We continue to focus on safe efficient operation of our base load nuclear fleets. Power's management team has implemented cost reduction measures in coordination with industry groups to help assure these assets operate in a safe and reliable manner. Controlling cost is vital in the current energy price environment, but even with stringent measures, these units faced continued challenges. A key element of PSEG strategy has been to maintain a strong financial position that supports our investment goals. Our balance sheet continues to provide us with competitive advantage. We ended 2016 with strong credit metrics, which allow us to pursue investment opportunities for growth. For 2017, we intend to invest $4.7 billion to enhance the efficiency and reliability of our businesses at PSE&G and at Power. This represents a record amount for PSEG to invest in any one year. We continue to have the ability to use our financial strength to improve returns. This includes an increase in our capital program, primarily in our regulated utility. Our investment program at PSE&G for the three years ending 2019, will provide for 9% annual growth in rate base. We plan on providing you with an update of our five-year outlook for capital spending, and our Annual Financial Conference on March 6, when we will use our time together to describe what is known and what else maybe possible. I truly believe the investment program is exciting for shareholders and customers as it is focused on meeting their needs with the platform that provides reliable, efficient clean energy at an attractive return. The strategy we implemented over the recent past has transitioned our business mix, as it provided annual growth in earnings. Over the past four years, we have achieved annual growth in earnings at PSEG of 4.4% albeit inclusive of a flat 2016. We want to outperform our recent past and to do so we must remain focused on our principles of operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment. Of course meeting our objectives would not be possible without the significant contribution made by PSEG's dedicated workforce. The continued successful deployment of free cash flow into regulated investment programs that meet customer needs, is expected to support 8.5% growth in our utility company's net income, at the midpoint of our 2017 guidance. This then would represent 66% of enterprise's forecasted 2017 non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 to $3 per share. The board of directors' recent decision to increase the common dividend by nearly 5%, or $0.08 per share on an annual basis to the indicative annual level of a $1.72 per share, is an expression of confidence in our outlook, and an acknowledgment of our strong financial condition. We do see the potential for consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend as an important means of returning cash to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Dan for a more details on our operating results and will be available for your questions after his remarks.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.54 per share versus $0.50 per share for the fourth quarter of 2015. Our earnings in the quarter brought non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $2.90 per share, in line with 2015's non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.91 per share, and at the upper end of our revised non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for 2016 of $2.80 per share to $2.95 per share. On slide 4, we've provided you with a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter. I'll be providing you with information on slide 10, regarding the contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. Slides 11 and 13 contain waterfall charts, that take you through the quarter-over- quarter and year-over-year changes in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. And I'll review each company in more details starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income for the fourth quarter of 2016 of $0.38 per share and that's compared with $0.31 per share for the fourth quarter of 2015, as shown on slide 15. PSE&G's full year 2016 net income was $889 million, or $1.75 per share compared with net income of $787 million, or a $1.55 per share in 2015 for year-over-year growth of 12.9% PSE&G 's net income in the fourth quarter continued to benefit from return on its expanded investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure. Net income for the quarter improved by $0.06 per share based on growth in PSE&G's investment in transmission and the absence of an adjustment for bonus depreciation in the year-ago quarter. More normal weather conditions relative to unseasonably mild weather in the quarter a year ago, improved net income by a $0.01 per share. And a decline an O&M of $0.03 per share and other expenses was offset by an increase in depreciation and taxes. At the start of 2017, PSE&G implemented a $121 million increase in revenue under the company's transmission formula rate. Transmission revenues are adjusted each year, to reflect an update of the company's investment program. PSE&G's investment in transmission has grown to represent 44%, or $6.7 billion of the company's consolidated rate base of $15.2 billion at the end of 2016. Economic conditions in the service territory are stable. During the quarter, weather-normalized electric sales were flat compared to the year ago period as an increase in demand from the commercial sector offset a decline in sales to residential and industrial customers. For the year, continued decline in the industrial sector and increases in efficiency offset the positive impact on sales from growth in residential customers. The experience in 2016 is representative of our long-term forecast for electric sales of under 0.5% per year. Weather-normalized firm gas sales declined slightly during the fourth quarter, compared to the year ago quarter, and declined 1.9% for the full year. We believe the decline in weather-normalized gas sales for the year is due to the extreme weather conditions experienced over the past two years, starting some in precision in the weather adjustments and over the long-term we forecast annual growth of a 0.5% to 1% in firm gas sales. PSE&G invested $2.8 billion on its transmission and distribution system in 2016 and has forecasted to invest an additional $3.4 billion in 2017. We're forecasting growth in PSE&G's net income for 2017 to a range of $945 million to $985 million. And at the midpoint of that range, the forecast represents 8.5% growth in net income for the year. Now, let's turn to Power. As shown on slide 20, PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.13 per share, compared with non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.19 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full-year non-GAAP operating earnings to $514 million, or $1.01 per share, compared to 2015's non-GAAP operating earnings of $653 million, or $1.29 per share. Power's adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and the year amounted to $155 million and $1.201 billion respectively. This compares with adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2015 of $218 million and adjusted EBITDA for the full-year of 2015 of $1.435 billion. And as of this reporting, the calculation of Power's adjusted EBITDA no longer excludes costs associated with major maintenance activities at Power's fossil generating stations. The earnings release as well as the earnings slides on pages 11 and 13, provide you with the detailed analysis of Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and cost. We've also provided you more detail on generation for the quarter and for the year on slides 22 and 23. PSEG Power's net income for the fourth quarter reflects the impact of incremental depreciation and some other expenses of $555 million and that's associated with the decision to retire the Hudson and Mercer coal-fired generating units effective June 1 of 2017. The company's fourth quarter results also reflect the impact of a decline in energy prices on output and margins. The decline in the average price received on energy hedges reduced Power's quarter-over-quarter net income by $0.05 per share and improvements in our system gas sales partially offset the impact of reduced output, resulting in a net reduction of a $0.01 per share in quarterly net income comparisons. During the quarter, an increase in O&M expense of $0.03 per share, associated with the planned refueling outage of Power's 100% owned Hope Creek nuclear station, was offset by a decline in taxes and other items and for the full-year, lower O&M improved Power's net income by $0.13 per share. Let's turn to Power's operations and the output from Power's generating facilities was 7.6% lower in the fourth quarter, compared to a year ago levels. Quarterly comparisons were affected by the planned refueling outage at Hope Creek by major maintenance on the Bergen 1 gas-fired combined cycle gas turbine unit during the quarter and by market conditions. For the year, output was 6.7% lower than the amount of energy produced in the prior year. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor for the year of 86.9%, producing 29.6 terawatt hours of energy representing 57% of Power's total energy output for 2016. If you recall, the refueling outage at Salem 1 in the spring was extended to replace baffle bolts in the reactor and Salem 2 was removed from service during a portion of the third quarter to repair a main power transformer. The Salem units each operated at capacity factors in excess of 98% in the fourth quarter. Power's gas-fired combined cycle fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 57% for the year, producing 16.4 terawatt hours of energy, representing 32% of Power's 2016 energy output. The coal-fired fleet primarily Keystone and Conemaugh generated 4.8 terawatt hours of energy during the year, producing 9% of Power's 2016 energy output, with the remaining output produced from our peaking assets. Operation of our gas-fired combined cycle fleet, for the year has been affected by the timing of outages and market conditions. Although a compression in markets spark spreads could continue to influence output from the combined cycle fleet in the upcoming year, we don't forecast the deterioration in the spark spread earned by the fleet given the availability and pricing of shale gas. We've seen an improvement in forward zonal market prices over the quarter, particularly for 2018 and 2019 pricing. The improvement stems from an increase in pipeline capacity moving gas from the Marcellus basin, as well as transmission repair work, which has supported movement of electricity. Over the long-term, however the market prices do remain backward dated. Overall, Power's gross margin declined slightly to $37 a megawatt hour in fourth quarter, versus $38.83 per megawatt hour in the year ago quarter. For the year, Power's gross margin was $40.40 per megawatt hour versus $42.25 per megawatt hour last year. And slide 25, provides detail on Power's gross margins for both the quarter and for the year. Power's forecasting output for 2017 of 49 terawatt hours to 51 terawatt hours, a slight reduction from the 51.5 terawatt hours of energy produced in 2016. Following completion of the BGS auction in New Jersey earlier this month, Power enters the year with a 100% of its 2017 baseload generation hedged and approximately 80% to 85% of anticipated annual production hedged, at an average price of $46 a megawatt hour. The percent of output hedged is higher than what we've typically hedged at this time a year, and the difference is the result of a slightly lower generation forecast for the year. For 2018, we forecast annual production of 55 terawatt hours, approximately 50% to 55% of 2018's forecast generation is hedged at an average price of $43 a megawatt hour, and for 2019, Power has hedged 15% to 20% of forecasted production of 60 terawatt hours at an average price of $43 per megawatt hour. And Power assumes BGS volumes will continue to represent approximately 11 terawatt hours in 2017, which is consistent with 2016's deliveries of 11.1 terawatt hours under the BGS contract. Forecast increase in output in 2018 and 2019 reflect a commercial startup in mid-2018 of 1,300 megawatts of new gas-fired combined cycle facilities at Keys, in Maryland and at Sea Warren in New Jersey, and the mid 2019 commercial startup of the 485 megawatt gas-fired unit at Bridgeport Harbor in Connecticut. Moving to retail, Power has received approval to operate as a third-party supplier of retail electric energy in both New Jersey and in Pennsylvania. The forecast for 2017 doesn't assume meaningful contribution from retail sales, the Power's team will begin its marketing efforts. Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2017 are forecast at $435 million to $510 million. The forecast represents non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the full year of 2017 of $1.080 billion to $1.210 billion. Moving to Enterprise and Other. Enterprise and Other reported net income for the fourth quarter of $11 million, or $0.02 per share, which compares to net income of $4 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. For the full year, Enterprise and Other reported a net loss of $20 million, or $0.04 per share compared to net income in 2015 of $36 million, or $0.07 per share. Net income in the fourth quarter and the full year 2017 included pre-tax charges of $10 million and a $147 million respectively, related to impairment of leveraged lease residual values and an estimated loss as a result of liquidity issues currently facing NRG REMA. Non-GAAP operating earnings for Enterprise and Other in the fourth quarter were $17 million, or $0.03 per share compared to $4 million in the year ago quarter. The results for the fourth quarter brought full year 2016 non-GAAP operating earnings from Enterprise and Other to $72 million, or $0.14 per share compared to $36 million, or $0.07 per share in 2015. Excluding the issues related to the leases, the improvement in non-GAAP operating earnings reflects the absence of certain corporate expenditures, as well as contractual payments associated with the operation of PSEG Long Island and certain tax items. And for 2017, non-GAAP operating earnings for Enterprise and Other are forecasted at $35 million. I'd now like to spend a moment on the subject of tax reform, and as you all know it's very early in the process, but that said, we've evaluated the impact on PSEG of key changes to the tax code that are being discussed that you've, no doubt, familiarized yourself with over the past quarter. Slide 31 provides an overview of these key issues, and overall we believe PSEG is well-positioned and would benefit from a decline in the federal tax rate due to Power's contribution to earnings and our strong balance sheet. We anticipate any reduction in federal taxes at PSE&G would be passed through to our utility customers, and we also anticipate the customer rates would decrease as excess deferred income taxes are returned to customers. The payback period as you know is unknown at this point. But our strong balance sheet puts us in a position to comfortably manage that return of cash to customers. And you should also expect that our November 2017 distribution base rate filing at PSE&G would reflect any changes in federal taxes that would be known at that time. The first changes in federal taxes are expected to improve PSEG's and Power's after-tax earnings and cash flow. And we estimate that given our low debt levels, the impact of deductibility of interest expense would be moderate to us versus our peers, as with potential loss of deductibility of our relatively low property taxes paid by Power. We do bear the risk of a boarder adjustment tax on our nuclear fuel, but on balance we believe, we are well-positioned for the elements of tax reform that are currently being discussed. Next I'd like to provide a brief update on our pension, pension and OPEB expense in 2017 is expected to be $22 million lower than our 2016 level of expense. Contributing to that reduction was a merger of our three qualified defined benefit pension plans and the assets of those plans into a single plan. As a result, total pre-tax net periodic benefit costs are expected to decrease by $48 million in 2017 from what they would have been, but for the merger of the plans. And this is due to a change in the amortization period for gains and losses for the merged plan, resulting in a lower amortization expense than that of the individual plans. Returns on our pension fund in 2016 exceeded our targets and at year end, the pension plan was well-funded with no anticipated funding required over our five-year planning horizon. With respect to financing as Ralph mentioned, our financial condition remained strong. We closed 2016 with $423 million of cash on hand and debt representing 47% of our consolidated capital position. Debt at Power represents approximately 29% of its capital base and at year-end Power's debt position was just over 2.1 time to the midpoint of our forecast for Power's non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for 2017. During the fourth quarter, PSEG issued $700 million of three-year and five-year senior notes at favorable interest rates, and we plan to provide you with an updated five year view of capital spending at our Annual Financial Conference on March 6. We're guiding to non-GAAP operating earnings for 2017 of $2.80 to $3 per share, in line with our 2016 operating results, as forecast growth at PSE&G offsets lower energy prices on Power's income. The common dividend was recently increased 4.9% to the indicative annual level of a $1.72 per share, which represents the 13th increase in the last 14 years, and builds on a 3.9% average annual growth in the dividend over last 10 years. And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, good morning, thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I just was looking at the guidance that you last gave on a segment basis on the Q3 call versus the actual results. And it looks like PSE&G net income came in slightly below the low end of the higher articulated guidance range, but PSE&G Power had a phenomenal year, at least relative to what you thought at the end of the third quarter. Can you compare your last articulated segment guidance against the year-end results and explain where things were consistent with or inconsistent with where you thought you were going to end up the year?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, I'll give it to Dan, Greg, good morning, but I think basically we had a pretty cold December and great O&M control and a tax issue with the utility, but Dan do you want to...
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's exactly it, Greg. There was a tax issue that's not an ongoing issue, it's a one-time tax item at the utility that brought them just below and Power just did a great job of controlling costs as we went through the balance of the year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. So when we think about the guidance for 2017 then, whatever that – and I can go over it with Kathleen offline, whatever tax issue you had is normalized in terms of expectations?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's exactly right, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, fantastic. And when you talk about the – sorry to focus on the tax stuff because who knows three months from now, we may wind up not having any tax bill at all, but one of your other competitors that's a large nuclear generator did point out that they thought that there was a significant exposure on border tax on uranium costs since we now unfortunately import the majority of our uranium. Is that theoretically true? But in the longer term if that were the case, are there domestic sources of uranium that would be quickly brought online to mitigate that?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Greg as we think about it, we spend about $200 million a year on nuclear fuel and a little more than half of that is sourced outside of the U.S. So we show that issue, obviously, not to a major extend from the standpoint of the overall impact on Enterprise. But if you think about a border tax trying to encourage domestic production, I don't know that it would – there is any way it would get you all the way there from the ability to source what the industry needs domestically. That said that doesn't mean that you would necessarily have it as part of tax reform. So, we're aware of the issue, watching the issue, and that would be an area, where it would have an impact on us.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: And Greg, just the risk of getting into too much detail, remember when we say nuclear fuel, that's a complicated noun to use right, because there is a whole bunch of processing that goes along with it. So, when the answer is half of it is outside, it doesn't mean that from uranium cake to fuel rod, we do half of that in the country, and half of that outside of the country, all parts of it are touched outside of the country. So, as you point out, this is an attempt to bring this product into the nation, that we don't know, how that's going to be doable.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys. Take care.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Julien.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, just to finalize that question, just to make sure I heard you right on the nuclear fuel piece. You should assume the vast majority of the fuel CapEx is subject to the border adjustability tax?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Since the laws aren't written it's going to be tough to say, but there is different components going from uranium to enrichment to fabrication along the way, and those steps are more external than internal to the U.S. So, however they would make the determination to apply any kind of a border tax that doesn't – that isn't written as yet, we would apply that against the components of how that comes together, so we're grasping a little bit at trying to define, a number around something that doesn't exist, but if we think about it little more than half of the aggregate cost seems like it might qualify to be non-domestically resourced.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right, got it. And then vis-a-vis your cash taxes, can you remind us exactly where do you stand today and what your effective and cash tax rates would be as you look at the forecasted future?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So, future would not include any tax reform, I presume. But as we think about overall tax profile, we are a taxpayer and get a little close to not being one into this year, depending upon where the results go and then move back into a tax paying position?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it, all right. Then turning to the CapEx bucket, your GSMP program, do you have plans to increase that going into the rate case? And can you remind us of the potential upside there as you see it in terms of the next filing?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Sure. Julien, (34:20) that's a $300 million a year run rate adjusted for inflation going forward, we think that's a 30-year program, so that means we have 27 more years after this first tranche of GSMP and you remember we were operating at a $300 million a year run rate and we have gained confidence that we can push that number up higher. I'd rather leave the details of that discussion for March 6, but it will be – we certainly have the capability to do more than $300 million a year, which would of course shorten the 27 years proportionally.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Travis.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): I was wondering if you could update us, Ralph, on your thoughts about the retail business? The speed at which you would like to ramp that up, the extent to which you might ramp that up relative to the generation output?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So our philosophy hasn't changed, remember this is primarily a defensive move on our part. We did make clear that we were looking at possibly trying to find a couple of tuck-in niche acquisitions, but we have not, and so we've opted to pursue this organically building the capability in house. We still are targeting between 5 terawatt hours and 10 terawatt hours at its maturity. We have received licenses to market in Eastern Pennsylvania and in New Jersey. We have a head of the operation on board that we've hired and a couple of support folks and are talking to people about some of the back-office fundamentals that we don't want to build on our own. Don't forget we still have BGS, which is the 11 terawatt hours of our 50 terawatt hours round numbers that is essentially retail product. And what we're looking to do here is to basically claw back some of the BGS that over years had gone away by some combination of migration or changing of thresholds for the BGS customer. And we think that it will help us capture some loss margin and improve our management of basis differentials. So I think from the point of view of organic growth, I'm pleased with the approach it makes it harder, but it does make it more profitable if done this way.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Yeah. Got it, thanks. And then within that retail business, would you think about doing anything unique like energy services or C&I energy management, anything like that or are we just talking plain retail?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: This is plain retail capturing better margin for our hardware that exist.
Travis Miller - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys. Congrats on a good 2016. I want to come back to the utility and the commentary about CapEx. I think if I read the release correctly, you said $10.2 billion of total CapEx for the entire company over the next three years and 77% of that is the utility. So that's kind of roughly $7.8 billion of utility CapEx. But then, and I may have misheard this, I thought you said that 2017's CapEx at the utility is going to be $3.4 billion. So that would leave $4.5 billion for 2018 and 2019, which implies $2.2 billion a year roughly. That's a pretty big step down in PSE&G's CapEx. a) I want to make sure I heard that correctly. b) could you walk us through whether that's the number you're likely to lay out at the Analyst Day, or at the Analyst day are you going to update that number? What are the things that are not included that could wind up in there when we think about the next couple of years?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Okay, Michael. Well, first of all good morning, thanks for the nice words. Yes, you heard the numbers correctly. This is our age-old problem, that you now have grown accustom to, where the out years have in the past grown beyond, what we predict them to be in the current timeframe. So, what we'll do at the Analyst Day is try to explain to you, what's been approved, what's about to be filed, what we've confidence in, in terms of being a mere extension of existing programs, and we're actually going to expand a little bit at the Analyst Day to kind of give you a little bit more insights into what I would just call our opportunities set, our drawing board things which we were always working on, but we normally don't bake into our bar charts showing five-year growth. But at the risk of sort of doing the preview with details on the news at 11 you are once again going to see a five-year set of numbers that are higher than what we thought they were going to be last year at this time and that just seems to be the natural trend. And I wish I could always get it right in terms of the prediction, but the out years are always less certain. So – yes, you heard it correctly.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. It just seems in this – and I want to make sure I understand. The CapEx you're likely to layout at the Analyst Day will differ from the $10.2 billion total number that you put in today's release, or will those two, for just the next three years, be the same number and you'll give a lot more detail about drivers and what could change it?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, in terms of three years, what we'll show you is stuff that we didn't include and why didn't include it, and then we'll expand the five-year view for you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. The only reason I ask is that when I go back over the last decade, it's really years three through five, where you would show a cliff in the slide deck at the Analyst Day, and then as we got closer to year three and year four those numbers would come up. And the only thing that differs from the detail this time is now it's FY 2002 (40:53), meaning it's the 2018 number where you kind of assume a $2.2 billion if you just assumed 2018 and 2019 were the combined equal amount of what's left over. And so I'm just wondering, are we reaching a point where CapEx at PSE&G is starting to moderate?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: So I think, I think that your observations are accurate that the turnover generally occurred in years – it slightly occurred in year three and turnover in year four and year five. The other observation I would offer those that this year is a record breaking year for PSE&G CapEx. So, I think it's a combination of kind of GSMP and ESM and Energy Strong in tandem and Solar 4 All in tandem with still some major transmission work going on in the Bergen-Linden Corridor that's feeding a record breaking year. So, that year four and year five is coming up a little bit earlier this time, but that won't change the 9% growth in rate base, which is off of a higher base, and a larger capital program than we've had in the prior years and the prospects for even more to come.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And one thing, in thinking about rate base calcs, what is the bonus D&A impact on rate base over the next couple of years?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: It's in the numbers that we're providing, I don't have a separate breakout of what the implications of that were, we can get you a little bit color on those numbers, but we broken out with the total cash flow aspect is and then that will ripple through based upon timing.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thanks. I can follow up with Kathleen. Much appreciated, Ralph, Dan. Much obliged.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Really quickly. The leases, they were, as I understand, last quarter they were all being paid. Is that still the case?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yes, everything is still current on them, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And what is the earnings impact associated with these leases for 2017? Is it anything significant?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Not a significant contribution to the ongoing earnings, no.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. That's my only question. Everything else has been asked. Thanks.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks, so much.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, my first question was on the O&M operation. You said the Q4 PSEG Power costs were low and were run efficiently. I wanted to understand, is that a one-time thing? What drove that, and can that be replicated going forward or is that already reflected in your guidance?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, our O&M forecast for 2017 is clearly included within the guidance for 2017 and we continue to manage as efficiently as we can within the facilities that we have it. I guess the items that I would think about it, as you move through time and Ralph referenced, maybe some of the operational aspects as supposed to cost specific. But you'll see Hudson and Mercer coming off from the standpoint of those units retiring, and you'll see as time moves on with some new units coming on into retail operation, coming together, you will see some cost come back on from more productive purposes. But we have operated the Power business at an extremely efficient O&M trajectory and if you look over the last five years or so, our O&M is basically dead flat.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And that's helpful. Any perspective on PJM capacity prices? How do you see all the supply that could impact the upcoming auction, any view on that at all?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah, we never forecast what that is going to be, largely because we don't know what that's going to be. I think, what we are paying careful attention to and I suspect everyone on the call is as well as this first of a kind footnote by PJM that they may have to revisit some of the reliability parameters in the PS Zone and PS North in particular, that's something we all expect to see updated prior to May, I know that we have launched some questions with PJM about some of the reliability assumptions made, these seem to emanate from the change in the wheeling circumstances associated with the New York ISO. So, no we don't forecast, we don't predict to the outside world, we obviously do a lot of analysis inside about what we think may happen, but right now I believe the parameters unfortunately are in a bit of flux, and they need to be fixed sooner rather than later.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. And just finally quickly on the tax reform side, you said with the reduction of corporate tax rate, obviously the excess deferred tax liability, whatever you revalue, you'll have to refund back to customers. Can you give us a sense of what that size is and what do you expect in terms of timeframe if you had to refund that?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah, the second question is the harder one to answer, because it is not determined yet, where that's necessarily going to come from, so that could be legislated as part of what ultimately may come out or be left to the regulatory agencies to make that determination. So, we don't know if you look back to 1986, there was something called the average rate adjustment method, which was painfully complex, and pushed the excess back on a unit-by-unit or a class-by-class as the timing difference has changed. So it was very structured, and very complex and pushed them back over a long period of time. So as it stands right now, we don't know what that message is going to be, because nothing is in place as yet, but that's just an eyeball to history. And if you take a look, you can see just by going through the overall tax footnotes and looking at the aggregate deferred taxes that we have and grossing up at 35% and pulling down at whatever rate you think the rate is going to go to. So you'll have to determine whether you had a 15% or 20% rate or something else based upon what gets legislated. But if you're in that range, you're probably approaching about $2 billion of excess deferreds, just by doing that math off the footnotes of the 10-K.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks so much, guys.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. I just have hopefully one quick question. The midpoint of the utility guidance $945 million to $985 million, what's the assumption on earned ROE?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's not changing this year for any reasons that we can think of Anthony. We're looking at each other right now say, does somebody knows something that we don't. The rate case filing for base distribution will go in November my guess is those rates will be effective sometime either late in 2018 or January 1 of 2019. Our FERC formula rate has already gone through for January 1. Our clauses are all baked in already at varying degrees from 9.75% to 10.0% So, there is no ROE – there is no allowed ROE impact this year that I can think off...
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean ultimately it becomes the sum product of all of those different rates and programs.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: I guess, have you provided what that sum product is that you're assuming for 2017 or no?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: No.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: No.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Just a quick question on the Enterprise and Other. Can you help me with modeling of the future earnings power of this segment?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. Far and away the biggest component there is PSEG Long Island and that's about a $0.07 to $0.08 benefit in the aggregate. Beyond that there is a little bit of corporate expenses and a little bit of interest, but mainly if you think about that, as just being PSEG Long Island it will be pretty close.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: So why was there a step-down between – why is there a step-down between 2016 and 2019 – 2017? I'm sorry.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So there is – we had a tax benefit that came through this year, which is a onetime item, which would not be replicated on a go forward basis.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And then for Long Island, should I just keep it flat? Is there any growth embedded in the contract?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah, that there is growth basically on a kind of a CPI oriented growth. So there is no step change that you should expect from that business.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium. Please go ahead.
Ashar Hasan Khan - Visium Asset Management LP: My questions have been answered. Thank you so much.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Ashar.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Good job.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Hi, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hey, just two quick questions. Just on 2019 on your hedges, the $43 on the baseload, seems like a very attractive price relative to kind of what shows up on various different – like Bloomberg for example. Just wondering the timeframe when you hedged that and how you were able to get a $43 price, which is very attractive.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Nothing new there Andy, what we have always done and continue to do is as we try to capture items like a full requirements contract like BGS, we, we strip-out the capacity component of it and it leaves you with some of the actual non-energy elements that remain in there. So, as you look that far out that's a bigger proportion of what the hedged amount is. So that's what it gets you to.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: And it's consistent with what we've done, whenever we give you our hedge profile.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Okay, so that, just make sure I understand it because I'm not that smart at times. So that percent that you show there, that's mainly from BGS? Is that what you're saying?
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: About half of it is BGS.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Half of it is BGS, got it. Okay. And the second question is, and I don't know if you had disclosed this already, but what is the PSE&G, the utility's, CapEx for 2017?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: That was the $3.4 billion.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: $3.4 billion, okay. I did hear that correctly, okay. And then I guess I can discuss the rest with Kathleen afterwards. Okay. Thank you very much.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: But she is not going to tell you how we hedged so smartly, she is not going to give away those trade secrets to you.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Daniel J. Cregg - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: See you, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Real quick follow-up on the balance sheet. You've talked previously about how much balance sheet capacity, or excess balance sheet capacity you maintain. Can you give an update on that? And if CapEx does start to moderate at the utility some, and we know that once the gas plants come online at Power we'll start seeing CapEx moderate, and probably early, mid next year there as well. How do you think about utilizing that balance sheet?
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Yeah. So thanks for the follow-up question Michael. And your arithmetic was right before, I just, I wanted to be cautious about the use of moderation for the utility capital program as a general characterization because it's anything but, and we'll talk in greater detail about that. And we'll also give you some specifics on residual investment capacity and there is a healthy amount of residual investment capacity that we'll expand about. That is the primary reason, why we planned to do something a little bit new on following Monday and talk about the opportunity set. Albeit with a heavy dose of qualifying that opportunity set as, yeah, so this is the stuff that's on the drawing board that oftentimes never gets to a filing and then even after filing oftentimes gets trimmed, right. So, but we just want to show you the reason why we like having that investment capacity because we're always thinking of things that are important to customers that we can do for them.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Ralph. Much appreciated.
Operator: Mr. Izzo or Mr. Cregg there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo - Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.: Great. So, thanks, Brent. So thanks, everyone, for being on the call. And we hope the results for 2016 and the outlook for 2017 help you understand that our strategy is successful in meeting the challenges of the market today. We will be in New York on March 6th at the stock exchange and hope you'll join us for our annual review of our business both the three year and five year look going forward. Presumably your takeaway say at least what we tried to communicate to you is that our balance sheet remains strong. As we just discussed with Michael and with the rest of you, our capacity for growth exists beyond the 9% rate base that we've talked about and the completion of the projects of Power that are going to add 1,800 megawatts of efficient combined-cycle. We will give you a little bit more information on the range of utility opportunities and what our ongoing efforts will be to position Power's portfolio for maximum returns. In the meantime, as much as it pains me to say, please enjoy this wonderful weather. And hopefully, we'll see it bundles up in Manhattan in about seven-day. Take care, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President, and CEO Dan Cregg - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering Travis Miller - Morningstar Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Praful Mehta - Citigroup Mitchell Moss - Lord Abbett
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Ginger, and I am your event operator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session from members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Monday, October 31, 2016 ,and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2:00 PM Eastern today until 11:30 PM. Eastern on November 7, 2016. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate Web site at www.pseg.com. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning. Thank you for participating in PSEG's call this morning. As you are aware, we released third quarter 2016 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments as mentioned are posted on our Web site, www.pseg.com, under the Investor section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 is expected to be filed later today. As you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update those forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless required to do so. Our release also contains non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or our other investor filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecast, and expectations, and for a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group; and joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks there will be time for your questions. Thanks, Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you everyone for joining us today. PSEG reported strong results for the third quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported net income for the quarter of $0.64 per share versus $0.87 per share last year. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2016 were $0.88 per share compared with non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2015 of $0.80 per share. For the nine months, we reported net income of $1.94 per share versus $2.70 per share, but non-GAAP operating earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are $2.36 per share, which compares with non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.41 per share earned during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Slides four and five contain the details on the results for the quarter and the nine months. We remain committed to our core operating philosophy of operational excellence, investing in a disciplined manner, and maintaining a strong financial position to support the growth expected by our shareholders. PSE&G continues to earn its return on an expanded capital investment program. PSE&G Power continues to manage through very difficult energy markets, and we continue to take strong actions to optimize both businesses in this environment. PSE&G Power has decided to retire the Hudson and Mercer coal fire generation stations in 2017. This is sooner than we would have forecasted just a few short years ago, but became inevitable in the face of changes in the energy market, which were amply demonstrated this summer. While we experienced very warm weather conditions, the abundance of low-cost gas supply, which is a benefit for our customers kept energy prices low, and is expected to keep power prices lower for longer. Careful analysis indicated it would be uneconomic to invest the capital necessary to assure the units would comply with PJM's new capacity performance reliability standards. Although the units have been dispatched infrequently, we expect the retirement of Hudson and Mercer to result in a further reduction in the fleet's emissions profile. These retirements continue the evolution of PSE&G Power's fleet into a portfolio of reliable, low-cost, flexible assets capable of competing in today's market. To be clear, retirement will also aid Power's future cash flow and return profile. The addition of 1,800 megawatts of new gas-fired capacity Keys, Sewaren, and Bridgeport Harbor over 2018 through '19 will further the transformation of the fleet. From a supply-demand standpoint I want to remind that the capacity at Sewaren and Bridgeport Harbor will replace older steam and coal-fired capacity that we will retire. The new capacity will improve the fleet's efficiency and lower its cost structure. The new units remain on time and on budget. These new units remain profitable even with the recent declines in market pricing, and continue to meet our hurdles for returns, which of course are in excess of our return expectations that we place on new utility investments. By the end of this decade our nuclear and gas-fired generation facilities will provide more than 90% of our electric output. Our nuclear fleet represents our cleanest energy resource for the foreseeable future. And our gas-fired combined cycle fleet represents an efficient flexible resource. We remain committed to operating the fleet in a safe, reliable manner, and assuring their availability over the long term. Power continues to focus on running the business efficiently, and has made targeted reductions in its workforce, and continues to identify measures to improve availability and margins in today's market. New investment opportunities for power do not involved the construction of additional new capacity, but we continue to look for opportunities to diversity the fleet. PSE&G also continues to identify new opportunities for growth. PSE&G is on track to invest $3 billion in 2016 as part of its five-year $12 billion capital program. In addition, PSE&G has recently reached the settlement with key parties that provides for an extension of its existing, innovative, landfill and brownfield solar programs subject to BPU approval. The settlement allows PSE&G to expand its investment in solar by approximately $80 million to construct 33 megawatts of grid-connected solar facilities over three years. We believe PSE&G's involvement in grid-connected solar extends the benefit of solar to all of its customers at a lower cost. We anticipate a decision from the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities by year end. PSE&G is also requesting approval from the BPU to partner with New Jersey Transit in the development of a new $270 million substation that both would utilize and would enhance the reliability and resilience of facilities damaged by Superstorm Sandy. The new substation would enter service by the end of 2020. For me it's hard to believe, but it has been four years since Superstorm Sandy struck. It touched all of our customers, and to-date we have invested more than $900 million under electric and gas programs approved by the BPU to improve our systems' resilience through raising substations, building redundancy, replacing gas pipe, and even trimming trees. The collaboration with New Jersey Transit on construction of a new substation represents a continuation of this type of work. The agreement to increase our investment in solar, our announced $300 million increase in base capital spend, and PSE&G's anticipated collaboration with New Jersey Transit represent a greater than $600 million increase in PSE&G's capital program. PSE&G's ability to earn its authorized return on investment continues to drive our forecast for double-digit growth in PSE&G's 2016 earnings. Based on our forecast for the year, PSE&G is expected to represent more than 60% of 2016 consolidated non-GAAP operating earnings. Its investment program continues to drive annual growth and rate base of 8% through the end of the decade with the potential for up to 10% with additional programs that we have planned. We have met significant challenges through our forecast presented by the lack of winter weather and low energy pricing. Even so, consistent with our comments on the second quarter earnings call in mid-summer, we're making a slight adjustment to the upper end of our full-year guidance. We are now guiding toward 2016 non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 to $2.95 per share, which represents a small reduction from our prior forecast of non-GAAP operating earnings of $2.80 to $3.00 per share. We are confident that the investments we're making, along with a focus on operational excellence and a strong balance sheet will drive long-term success. With that I'll turn the call over to Dan, who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Dan Cregg: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and thank you everybody for joining us on the call this morning. As Ralph mentioned, PSEG reported net income for the third quarter of 2016 of $0.64 per share versus net income of $0.87 per share in the last year's third quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2016 were $0.88 per share versus non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.80 per share in last year's third quarter, and a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating earnings to net income for the quarter and year-to-date can be found on slides four and five. We've also provided you with a waterfall chart on slide nine that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by major business. And a similar chart on slide 10 provides you with the changes to non-GAAP operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. And I'll now review each company in more detail, starting PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income of $0.50 per share for the third quarter of 2016, compared with $0.44 per share of the third quarter of 2015, for a 14% improvement. Results for the quarter are shown on slide 12. The improvement in PSE&G's net income for the third quarter reflects growth from its expanded investment in electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities. Returns on PSE&G's expanded investment in Transmission added $0.03 per share to net income in the quarter. And incremental revenue associated with PSE&G's Energy Strong infrastructure program added $0.02 per share to net income in the quarter. Third quarter net income comparisons also benefitted by an increase in electric demand associated with weather conditions, which were approximately 30% warmer than normal and 9% warmer than conditions experienced in the third quarter of 2015. The increase in demand associated with the warmer than normal weather added $0.01 per share to third quarter net income. An increase in depreciation and O&M and other expense was offset by a decline in taxes and other items. Retail electric sales increased 3.6% in the quarter reflecting the much warmer summer weather than occurred in 2016 and on a weather normalized basis total sales were slightly positive versus the third quarter of 2015 with higher sales to residential and industrial customers offset by a decline in sales to commercial customers. As Ralph mentioned PSE&G's capital program led by an investment in transmission is on schedule. PSE&G is expected to invest $1.8 billion in transmission during 2016 as part of the five year $7.1 billion investment program to upgrade and expand the transmission network. PSE&G's investment in transmission is expected to grow to represent approximately 45% of year-end 2016's rate base. PSE&G recently filed an update of its formula rate for transmission at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the update which reflects an increase in the level of PSE&G's investment in transmission would provide for $121 million increase in annual transmission revenues effective January 1, 2017, subject to FERC approval. We are maintaining our forecast for PSE&G non-GAAP operating earnings for 2016 of $900 million to $935 million. Now let's turn to Power. PSE&G Power net income of $139 million were $0.27 per share to the third quarter of 2016 compared with net income of $206 million or $0.40 per share for the year ago quarter. Our non-GAAP operating earnings were $0.34 per share for the third quarter of 2016 compared to non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2015 of $0.33 per share, and non-GAAP adjusted EBIDTA for the third quarter of 2016 was $397 million versus non-GAAP adjusted EBIDTA for 2015 of $401 million. Non-GAAP adjusted EBIDTA includes the same -- excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expect, depreciation and amortization and major maintenance at Power's fossil generating facilities. In the earnings release on page 18 provides you with detailed analysis of the impact on Power's non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter. We have also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and for the nine months of the year on slide 19 and slide 20. Power's net income at the end of the third quarter includes one-time pre-tax charges amounting to $114 million pre-tax, $67 million after tax or $0.13 per share related to the early retirement of the Hudson and Mercer generating stations. These one-time charges which were excluded from Power's non-GAAP operating earnings mainly relate to the write down of excess coal inventory and materials and supplies as well as some other smaller items. Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter, reflect a decline in the average price on energy hedges, which is partially offset by lower cost of serve load, which combined to reduce quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by $0.02 per share a decline in output during the quarter reduced operating earnings by $0.01 per share and a reduction in O&M expense improved results by $0.03 per share, an increase in depreciation expense associated with Power's capital program was more than offset by a decline in interest expense and other items, which combined to improved quarter-over-quarter net income by a $0.01 per share. As I mentioned, Power's third quarter results benefited from a reduction in O&M expense which added $0.03 per share to net income quarter-over-quarter. Year-to-date, a reduction in Power's O&M expense has improved net income comparison by $0.15 per share. Management's proactive response to lower energy pricing has been a major contributor to the decline in O&M and with timing of outages and major maintenance related work has also influenced comparisons. For example in 2015, refueling outage at Hope Creek occurred in the spring, and this year Hope Creek's refueling outage is currently underway in the fourth quarter. O&M expense in 2015 was also elevated due to major maintenance related work at some of the fossil stations. Although we expect O&M expense in 2016 to decline year-over-year, you should anticipate an increase in O&M for the fourth quarter given the cost associated with the refueling of our 100% owned Hope Creek nuclear station. Over the long-term, you can expect constant diligence in controlling the growth of O&M. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Output at Power's generating facilities declined 4% in the quarter. And the nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 80% in the third quarter versus an average capacity factor of 95% in the year ago quarter as output declined 12% to 6.9 terawatt hours from 7.8 terawatt hours. The decline in output reflects the impact of extended outages at the two Salem units. And as we mentioned in our second quarter earnings call, output in the third quarter would be impacted by the expansion of the refueling outage at Salem 1 through July to complete repair work on the units baffle bolts and repair work at Salem 2 to repair an electrical fault. Both units have since returned to service and are operating at full capacity. Output from Power's gas fired combined cycle fleet declined slightly to 5.2 terawatt hours from 5.4 terawatt hours last year. The warmer than normal weather condition spurred an increase in demand for Power's coal fired generating stations and peaking fleet which together experienced an increase in output during the quarter to 2 terawatt hours from 1.6 terawatt hours. Power markets in the third quarter benefited from hotter than normal weather which had a favorable influence on the market and power was less hedged to going into the quarter than a year ago allowing the fleet to capture some upside in pricing. That said, a decline in power's gross margin in the quarter to $41.74 per megawatt hour from $0.42 and $0.7 reflects the impact of lower average prices on energy hedges. As we've indicated, we continue to expect bases to be seasonal that is positive in the winter assuming normal weather, and neutral to negative at other times of the year until more gas pipeline capacity goes into operation. Power continues to forecast output for 2016 of 15 to 52 terawatt hours. The forecast takes into account the extended outages at Salem as well as refueling outage at Hope Creek which is currently underway. Power has reduced its forecast of generation output for '17 and '18 by approximately 3 to 4%. Revised forecast recognizes the impact of low gas prices on the potential dispatch of the Keystone and Conemaugh coal fire generating stations with also some impact coming from the retirement of Hudson and Mercer's coal fire generating stations in mid 2017. Approximately, 75% to 80% of anticipated production in the fourth quarter of 2016 of 11 to 12 terawatt hours is hedged at an average price of $48 per megawatt hour. The average price per energy hedges for the full year approximates $50 per megawatt. And for 2017, Power has hedged 65 to 70% of its revised forecast to 51 to 53 terawatts hours of offering at an average price $47 per megawatt hour. And for 2018, Power has hedged approximately 25 to 30% of its revised forecast of 56 to 58 terawatts of output at an average price of $45 per megawatt hour. Hedged data continues to assume DGS hedges will cover 11 to 12 terawatt hours of output. The forecast of Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2016 has been revised to 460 to $500 million. And the forecast represents non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the full year of 1.270 billion to 1.35 billion. I would also like to point out that the retirement of Hudson and Mercer will continue to have an impact on Power's net income in the fourth quarter. In addition to the one-time charges recognized in the third quarter, Power expects to recognize incremental depreciation and amortization during the remainder of 2016 of $568 million per tax. And in 2017, Power expects to recognize incremental depreciation and amortization of 946 million pre-tax due to the shortening of the expected economic useful lives of Hudson and Mercer. Until the units are retired, we will continue to record a normal O&M and depreciation in our non-GAAP operating earnings. On an annual basis, these expenses amount to an estimated 60 million and 50 million pre-tax respectively. You should also see a reduction in Power's plan capital spending beyond 2017 of approximately 200 million to reflect the elimination of previously planned capital improvements at Hudson and Mercer. Now, I will turn to PSEG Enterprise and Other where we reported a net loss of $0.13 per share for the third quarter of 2016 compared to net income of $0.3 per share for the third quarter of 2015. Our non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of 2016 were $0.04 per share compared to non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.03 per share for the third quarter of '15. During the third quarter of 2016 Energy Holdings completed its review of estimated residual values embedded in the NRG REMA leveraged leases. As a result of current and expected future market conditions, an impairment of $86 million after-tax related to the residual value of these leases was recorded in net income. The increase in non-GAAP operating earnings quarter-over-quarter results reflects certain tax items at PSEG Energy Holdings, and contractual payments associated with the operation of PSEG Long Island. The forecast of PSEG Enterprise and other full-year 2016 non-GAAP operating earnings remains $65 million. PSEG also closed the quarter ended September 30, 2016 with $450 million of cash on its balance sheet, with debt at the end of the quarter representing approximately 45% of consolidated capital. PSEG Power had debt at the end of the quarter representing 28% of capital. As Ralph mentioned, we've adjusted our forecast for non-GAAP operating earnings for the full year to $2.80 -- to $2.95 per share from $2.80 to $3.00 per share. And with that we are ready for your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead with your question.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: Just based off of some of your peers' commentary, could you comment if you're seeing any cost inflation at your nuclear plants or any upwards pressure on pricing which you're having to contain?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Neel, so we have been commenting and participating in industry efforts to reverse the trend of some of the escalations in both O&M and capital being driven by the considerations emanating from the NRC. So we're part of an effort called Delivering the Nuclear Promise, to take the average industry cost structure of $35 a megawatt hour down to $30 a megawatt hour. We haven't released our specific cost structure, but suffice to say that we operate slightly below the industry average. So yes, there are cost pressures, but there's an active industry effort that we are front and center in participating to both control that escalation and reverse it.
Neel Mitra: Got it. And then just moving to the Keys center, some of your recent commentary is based off of the fact that you like the location in Southwest MAAC [ph] within PJM. Could you comment on why that's a good location compared to some other locations in PJM for a new build?
Ralph Izzo: Sure. It's a couple of reasons. First of all, it is part of PJM-West hub where we do all of our hedging. So it does lend some balance to the portfolio, which is primarily PJM-East for where most our assets are located. It is a load pocket that is experiencing some modest degree of growth. There have been years where it looked like it was going to be about 4%. And it's been consistently the strongest pricing region from an energy market point of view in PJM for the past few years.
Neel Mitra: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller: Looking at a high level, I know you guys like to have a strong balance sheet. Where you are right now with the growth projects that you have over the next two to three years, especially on the power side, how do you see that leverage changing? And to the extent that it stays in this kind of range, what's the opportunity to add leverage, perhaps up at the parent co or some other place on the balance sheet?
Ralph Izzo: So I think our numbers are looked in, so when -- remained on average above 40% for the next three years given current market expectations. Our floor at Power is an FFO to debt of 30%, and as it's been the case in the past, Travis, our top priority is reinvesting in the business. That predominantly means reinvesting in regulated utility assets, although we continue to look for opportunities to acquire assets in Power that have allowed our portfolios in competitive markets that were interested in that being New York, New England, and PJM. But number one use of the balance sheet is reinvesting in the business. Number two is, given the cyclicality of the merchant generation business to provide support for the dividend in some of those ups and downs so that we can provide a consistent growth rate in that dividend. And last would be to repurchase shares if we were not seeing those growth opportunities, primarily in utility or had earnings that just dwarfed the growth in the dividend. But Dan, I don't know if you want to add some color to those specific numbers.
Dan Cregg: Yes, what I would say Travis is we have had a lot of success in finding opportunities to deploy capital. And we even referenced today an excess of $600 million at the utility. So rough reference is reinvesting the capital on the businesses as opportunity number one, and that's what we have been able to do. And having a strong cash flow coming from the Power side of the business, and the ability to provide financing there at the parent is enabling of that growth that we have throughout the business.
Travis Miller: Okay. And on those generation projects, would you expect to have a higher percentage share of debt or leverage there such that your entire balance sheet, certainly in a small way given the relative size, would move toward more leverage is –- the question there simply is, is there going to be extra leverage at those projects as you go through the construction phase?
Dan Cregg: Yes, I mean, I think if you take a look at what we're investing in to the business on the power side of the business, and you take a look at what our cash flow is coming from the business, it pretty well supports the ability to build that, a, without any equity at the parent, but without growing that leverage capacity or that leverage utilization at Power.
Ralph Izzo: And to Dan's point, Travis, both Power and the utility can support that capital program without any equity issuance in any of the forecasts that we're able to come up with.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So first on the Power side. Can you comment on what you're seeing on the power base, not the gas bases, but the power bases for your combined cycle gas front? It seems like the output from your New York and New Jersey units have come down slightly over the year despite this hot summer. And we are hearing from other power producers -- gas-fired producers in PJM that they're seeing some expansion in a negative power base as due to some congestion on transmission line as well as the gas plants are running now -- well, often 24/7. Is this a phenomenon you are actually seeing at your units?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Angie, that is correct. So we're, as you know, the basis differentials are very seasonal in nature. They tend to be somewhat strongly negative in the off seasons, the spring and the fall, less negative in the summer, and they turn positive in the winter. It's driven by two factors, you've identified both of them, one is our gas basis differentials, and transmission congestion. I forget the name of the transmission asset down in the PG&E area that is undergoing some renewal. It's Bagley Grayston [ph] which I believe according to PJM is scheduled for completion sometime next spring. That's all public information; you should check the PJM Oasis board for confirmation that -- in case I have the date wrong. And then obviously from a gas point of view, there's a much healthier degree of infrastructure that's brining gas from the Marcellus to the New York-New Jersey region than there is going to the PJM West region, which is a bit of a misnomer. It's actually south of here. And until the infrastructure corrects that arbitrage opportunity you'll continue to see gas-based generation being less expensive to operate up here than it is down there. But we remain confident that over time the market does correct any anomalies that exist and arbitrage opportunities that exist. And there's no shortage of projects that are either in permitting or in construction to move gas to the south. And as I said, there is a specific transmission project underway to correct congestion project underway to correct the congestion that we're seeing in the PG&E area.
Angie Storozynski: Great. And now on the utility side, in your prepared remarks you mentioned the double-digit growth rate and then you mentioned something about 8%. Can you actually or just remind me or repeat your comments about the -- was that about the rate base growth or was that about the longevity of the current double-digit earnings growth?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, as you know we don't forecast earnings growth. And what we've been forecasting is that for the next five years the utility capital program for approved programs, which support an 8% rate base growth and for programs that are fairly straight forward extensions of existing programs that 8% becomes 10%. But they've not been approved by the BPU yet. Of course as you know rate base growth is a good indicator of earnings growth, but then one has to add load growth and subtract O&M growth and those are two parts that are tougher to predict. We do a good job of controlling O&M. But I would not want to promise that we will be able to control O&M at a level of zero which is about the load has been growing, that's like 0.1%, 0.2%. So, it's suffice to say that the earnings growth would probably be a net subtraction from that net based growth, but we don't give an exact number, what that is.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Ralph Izzo: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Praful Mehta: Thank you. Hi, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Hi, sorry -- first question was on the separation - the generation separation side, the PEG Power side, I know we we've talked about this before. But given how ITP's are trading today, they really seem to struggle and I was wondering in that market context, does it make sense to think about PEG Power being separated or do you now reconsider and think more keeping PEG Power as part of the whole, PSE&G family?
Ralph Izzo: I really don't have a lot new, to say about this subject. If we may - if and when or we were to make such a decision, it would be a market timing decision, it would have to do with the strength of the strategic arguments in favor of separation dwarfing the tactical benefits, that we continue to believe dominate the picture today in terms of staying together.  So sure, you wouldn't try and do something in the middle of economic instability or major macroeconomic you can have like disruptions, but we're not market timers, the real question is, do we still have the financial synergies between the business, do we still have the build synergy between the business, do we still have a long-term investors who see the attractiveness of both, that's kind of strategic flexibility questions that we've talked about before.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. Thank you. And then, growing has been the nuclear discussion that we were having earlier, there is obviously discussion in New York to support nuclear with through this X program. Do you see other states looking to implement something like this or do you see that as a possibility in New Jersey or Pennsylvania in terms of support from nuclear or carbon free generation?
Ralph Izzo: I do. I think, that a lot of states are realizing that these are long-lived assets these mean the nuclear plants that provides enormous benefits both from a carbon point of view, from a fuel diversity point of view, from a reliability point of view, and most of our markets are fairly short-term in nature, even three your capacity prices don't capture the full benefit of what I expect to be fairly extensive debate on how carbons to be priced in the future. So they -- every state may not come up with its own remedy, and regrettably the right remedy would be a national remedy, but we don't seem to have a lot of traction in that regard right now. So I do see most of the action focused at state-by-state level.
Praful Mehta: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Gregg Orrill from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. I guess two questions. First, are you able to provide what your transmission rate base is for year-end '16 and '17? And then what are your thoughts around acquiring nuclear and/or coal asset?
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Greg. It's good to hear from you. So I'm going to do a little. People scurry around to find the rate base number, I do know that by '18 it's 50% of the rate base price -- by the end of 2018, but I don't know what it is. Now Dan has the magic numbers, where he's going to take you through?
Dan Cregg: I think we are -- I think what we've done historically as we put out numbers for particular years and then given some ranges in between those years. So I think you're heading towards about $7 billion, as you approach '16, and then with the overall growth in capital, you would see increases there, but we will provide kind of our normal set of numbers within our next update like…
Ralph Izzo: I knew you are going to make it up, Dan, I wouldn't refer to. Gregg, your second question on interest on acquiring coal, we are believers in nuclear, but at the right price of course we would be interested, but we are not -- we have no interest in adding coal to our fleet, nor would you see us be a large fleet acquirer, I do think that in general, we signaled through our investors that our primary investors in the regulated utility and that's what we continue put our emphasis.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mitchell Moss from Lord Abbett. Please proceed with your question.
Mitchell Moss: Hey, guys, just quick questions on, first, just a follow-up on Angie's question regarding the combined cycle. How they are running with due to transmission gas supply issues. Do you see some of these issues being resolved by 2017 in terms of just gas takeaway in transmission or do you see it in longer terms, sort of a 2018 and beyond type of an issue.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So Mitchell, of course we are operating with the same crystal ball as you are, which without being too critical of your crystal ball, ours is pretty cloudy. Having said that, it's more of an '18 to '19 timeframe that these projects we think will have a takeaway capacity impact.
Mitchell Moss: And regarding the REMA leases that you mentioned, you took a charge on. Have you been involved in any of the negotiations that NRG has mentioned with bondholders or with leaseholders as part of the any, I guess restructuring discussion?
Ralph Izzo: No we haven't, Mitchell. I mean, we are obviously aware as you are of where the current situations are and certainly ready for discussions when the time is right, but not as yet.
Mitchell Moss: Do you guys have a view on whether or not the REMA lease could be broken or restructured in a bankruptcy or is it a bankruptcy proof, I guess?
Ralph Izzo: I think we are going to let that play out and let time tell what's going to happen. I think it's a fairly complicated situation and we'll let time become our best estimate. We got some disclosures within our 10-Q, that give you a little bit of sense as to, some thoughts on it. But I think, where it ends is ahead of us, yes.
Mitchell Moss: Okay, great, Thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Ginger. We can give back 15 minutes to folks if there are no further questions.
Operator: Yes. So, there are no further questions. Presenters, please -- for any closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. So just to summarize, hopefully what you heard is that Power capital program remains on-budget, on-schedule, and based on current prices is still expected to create strong value for us. The utility continues to identify new customer-driven investment opportunities that fuel its growth. Lastly, there is no question we have a relentless focus on cost control. It's part of everyday life at PSEG. So with that, I'll just wish everyone a happy Halloween. We look forward to seeing you next week in Phoenix, and thanks for joining us this morning, take care everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally – Investor Relations Ralph Izzo – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Cregg – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Travis Miller – Morningstar Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Praful Mehta – Citigroup Brian Chin – Bank of America Shahriar Pourreza – Guggenheim Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Jonathan Arnold – Deutsch bank Anthony Crowdell – Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I am your event operator today. I’d like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group’s Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session from members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday July 29, 2016 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2’clock p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on August 5, 2016. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Brent. Good morning. Thank you all for participating in PSEG’s call this morning. As you are aware, we released our second quarter 2016 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investor section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 is expected to be filed shortly. I won’t read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless of course we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operated earnings. Please refer today’s 8-K or other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining raffle on the call is Dan Craig, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you everyone for joining us today. PSEG’s results for the second quarter were characterized by a tough environment for power markets, but also with continued growth associated with PSEG’s expanded capital program. Earlier this morning, we reported net income for the quarter of $0.37 per share. Operating earnings for the second quarter of 2016 were $0.57 per share; operating earnings were in with the $0.57 per share earnings in 2015 second quarter. The results for the quarter bring operating earnings for the first half of 2016 to $1.48 per share, which compares with operating earnings of $1.61 per share earned in 2015’s first half. Slides 4 and 5 contain the detail on the results for the quarter and the first half. PSE&G’s execution on its expanded capital investment program continues to provide a growing source of earnings and powers prudent management of reductions in O&M, minimize the impact of the extended outage at sale on earnings. PSE&G is on track to invest $3 billion in 2016 as part of its five-year, $12 billion capital program. PSE&G’s ability to earn its authorized return on investment continues to drive out forecast for double-digit growth in PSE&G’s 2016 earnings. We continue to look for opportunities to grow in a manner that meets customer demand for reliable, efficient and clean energy and provides the risk-adjusted return demanded by shareholders. In the past quarter, we have identified more than $500 million of additional investment opportunities at our regulated utility company, PSE&G. During the past quarter, PSE&G requested an extension from the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities of its existing land fill, brownfield solar program. The program would add 100 megawatts of grid-connected solar facilities over a five-year period at a cost of approximately $240 million. The program would also create 575 direct jobs in New Jersey during the construction period and allow all customers to share in the benefits of solar. We hope to see a decision on this request during the fourth quarter of this year. In addition, PSE&G has increased its estimate of distribution capital expenditures over 2016 through 2018 like $300 million to address what is commonly referred to as new business requests and to replace certain aging equipment and infrastructure. As I mentioned, these programs together would represent an increase of more than $500 million over PSE&G’s current plans to invest $12 billion over the five-year period ending 2020. PSE&G’s robust investment program will ensure that remains one of the most reliable utilities in the nation as was demonstrated during periods of intense heat and thunderstorm activity experienced over the past two weeks. The investment program will also improve on PSE&G’s growth and rate base currently forecasted at 8% per year for the five-year period ending 2020. The powers capital program is also an important response for the needs of today’s market, which requires that we operate at greater levels of reliability and efficiency. The planned replacement of older generating capacity at the Sewaren and Bridgeport station and new capacity at Keys amounts to 1,800 megawatts of new, clean and efficient gas fired capacity over the next three years. This will transform Power’s fleet and enhance its competitive position. We will see an increase in capacity. We will see an increase in reliability. We will see an increase in efficiency and we will see a reduction in carbon emission. Although Power has focused on the construction of the new combined cycle units, Power’s also committed to improving the efficiency of existing capacity and ensuring its long-term availability. This can be seen through completion of a small upgrade at its peaking stations which adds 14 megawatts to capacity. Power also plans to increase the efficiency and capacity of the Bethlehem Energy Center through advanced gas path upgrades of the turbines over 2017 and 2018. When completed, this work is expected to add 58 megawatts to BEC’s capacity. And the recent issuance of a final renewal permit of the Salem station that meets the requirements of Section 316b of the Clean Water Act helps to assure the long-term availability of this zero carbon generating resource. Finally, Power has made targeted reductions in its workforce and continues to identify additional means of reducing its cost structure to assure the availability and dispatch of the fleet in the current low-price environment. The power market over the short-term continues to be characterized by an oversupply of gas. The market, however, has shown signs of improvement as gas prices have responded to a decline in production. The improvement in the supply picture and the development of more outlets for supply has also led to an improvement in forward basis. As we’ve indicated in the past, we continue to expect basis to be seasonal that is positive in the winter and neutral to negative in the summer, until more takeaway capacity goes into operation. In May 2016, PJM announced the results of the RPM auction for the 2019, 2020 delivery year. Power cleared approximately 8,900 megawatts of its generating capacity at an average price of $116 per megawatt day. The average price received by Power while lower than prior auction continues to represent a premium to the average price for capacity in the RTO. Prices in the most recent auction reflect PJM’s downwardly revised demand forecast, changes in the emergency transfer limits due to its transition expansion and the effects of both new generation and unclear generation from the prior year’s auction. However, the results of the RPM auction were in line with our expectations. Nearly all of Power’s clear capacity in the latest auction complies with PJM’s capacity performance requirements and the fleet is expected to be in a position to meet PJM’s requirement that 100% of capacity for the 2020 to 2021 delivery year must meet those CP requirements. On the regulatory front, FERC has approved two of the five recommended steps to improve energy price formation. Further efforts to address transparency in the scheduling of capacity could lead to an approved alignment of prices with costs. The year has presented challenges. Looking forward to the second half of the year, we’re maintaining operating earnings guidance for 2016 of $2.80 to $3 per share. But it will be difficult to reach the upper end of the guidance even with an improvement in the power markets, expectations for warm summer weather, restoration of normal operations at Salem and ongoing cost control and management of O&M. Our highly skilled workforce has met the market’s challenges through the right sizing of resources and by identifying investments that meet customer needs. Our dedication to customer service, our strong balance sheet and our ability to invest in the future of the company are expected to drive long-term value creation. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dan, who will discuss our financials in greater detail and then I’ll be available for your questions.
Dan Cregg: Thank you, Ralph, and thank you for everyone for joining us today. As Ralph said, PCG reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2016 at $0.57 per share, the same as operating earnings at $0.57 per share in last year’s second quarter. The reconciliation of operating earnings to net income for the quarter can be found on Slide 4. We've also provided you with a water fall chart on slide 10 that takes you through the net changes and the quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on slide 12 provides you with the changes on operating earnings by business on a year-to-date basis. I'll now review each company a little bit more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income for the second quarter of 2016 at $0.35 per share compared with $0.33 per share for the second quarter of 2015 or a 6% improvement in earnings. The results for the quarter are shown on slide 14. PSE&G's operating results for the second quarter reflect the impact of revenue growth associated with an expansion of the company's capital investment program. Returns on PSE&G's expanded investment and transmission added $0.03 per share to earnings for the quarter. An increase in depreciation and O&M expenses were $0.02 was partially offset by a decline in taxes and other items. The higher level of depreciation is related to the growth in capital spending and higher levels of O&M reflect increased spending on vegetation management. The New Jersey economy continues to show steady growth and employment levels have shown improvement from a year ago. The variability in quarterly data for weather normalized electric and gas sales has been high given extreme weather comparisons. Weather normalized electric sales reflect growth in residential and commercial customers, which is offset by the continuing decline in the industrial sector and increased energy efficiency measures. So, on a trailing 12-month basis, weather normalized electric sales were essentially flat. PSE&G's capital programming remains on schedule. PSE&G invested approximately $1.4 billion during the first half of the year as part of its planned 2016 capital program of $3 billion.  As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G has identified investment opportunities which, if approved, will increase PSE&G’s five-year capital program by approximately $500 million to $12.5 billion. And you should expect the majority of this increase in spending will occur between 2016 and 2018. Once again, all of this growth will be funded without the need to issue new equity. As you may recall, PSE&G implemented $146 million increase in annual transmission revenue under the company's transmission formula rate filing which took effect this past January. This increase in revenue adjusted to reflect the impact of bonus depreciation and updates of spending in prior years will be reflected in PSE&G's earnings throughout the year. But I'll also remind you that the quarter-to-quarter earnings comparisons associated with PSE&G 's investment and transmission are not expected to be even during the second half of the year. The recognition of bonus depreciation for 2015 and some other expenses at the end of the year reduced PSE&G's fourth quarter 2015 earnings by about $0.04 per share. The contributions to earnings from energy's strong capital program will also be more evident during the second half of the year given growth in the energy strong-related spending and the shape of the rate structure which places more emphasis on the demand charges during the third quarter. We are increasing our forecast in PSE&G operating earnings for 2016 to $900 million to $935 million from $875 to $925 million. And the change incorporates cost-control efforts and a strong start to summer weather. Now let's turn to power. PSE&G Power reported a net loss for the quarter of $11 million or $0.02 per share compared with net income of $166 million or $0.33 per share for the year-ago quarter. Operating earnings were $0.18 per share for the second quarter of 2016 and adjusted EBITDA was $272 million as compared with operating earnings of $0.22 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $301 million for the second quarter of 2015. Our adjusted EBITA excludes the same items of operating earnings as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation, and amortization and major maintenance at Power's fossil generating facilities. The earnings release and Slide 20 provide you with detailed analysis of Power’s operating earnings quarter-over-quarter. We've also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and the first half of the year on Slides 22 and 23.  Power’s operating results for the second quarter reflect the impact of the known decline in PJM capacity revenues and average prices on energy hedges, in addition to the effect of an extended refueling outage at Salem 1. Decline in capacity revenue associated with the June 2015 retirement of capacity in PJM reduced quarter-over-quarter income by $0.02 per share. And capacity revenue during the second half of 2016 should approximate the revenues received during the last six months of 2015. Earnings comparisons in the quarter were also impacted by decline in the average price received on energy hedges as well as lower market prices and gas volumes, which together reduced Power’s quarter- over-quarter income by $0.03 per share. A decline in output reduced income by $0.01 per share. Reduction in O&M expense improved Power's quarter-over-quarter income by $0.07 per share. This improvement reflects the absence in 2016 of costs incurred during the second quarter of 2015 for the refueling outage at the Hope Creek nuclear plant which is 100% owned by Power and major maintenance work at our combined-cycle units.  And the quarterly comparisons also benefited from targeted reductions in O&M at powers nuclear and fossil stations as well as from changes in the management of work schedules associated with the Salem 1 refueling outage which minimized the overall cost of the outage. As we mentioned during the first quarter earnings call, the Salem 1 refueling outage which began on April 14 would be extended to repair degraded baffle bolts. The bolt replacement has been completed and the unit is in the process of returning to service. During the quarter an increase in depreciation expense was offset by declining interest expense. However, an absence in 2016 of tax credits received in a year-ago quarter and other tax items contributed to a reduction in quarter-over-quarter income up $0.05 per share. Turning to Power’s operations, output at Power’s generating facilities declined 6% in the quarter as a result of lower wholesale market prices and reduced demand. Output from the gas fire combined-cycle fleet declined slightly to 4.4 terawatt hours from 4.6 terawatt hours given mild weather conditions relative to the year-ago quarter. Low gas prices impacted the dispatch of powers coal fire fleet and during the quarter the output from the coal fleet declined to 0.9 terawatt hours from 1.3 terawatt hours. Output from the nuclear fleet was largely unchanged in the quarter with 7 terawatt hours in this quarter versus 7.1 terawatt hours in the year-ago quarter. The impact of the extended outages at Salem was largely offset by an increase in output at Peach Bottom. In completion of the extended power operated at Peach Bottom, added 130 megawatts in the aggregate to Powers' interest in the station.  Salem 2 was out of service for three days at the end of the quarter and remains out of service. The unplanned outage at Salem 2 is a result of an electrical fault in the reactor's non-nuclear balance of plan. The extension of the outage at Salem 1 into July and the unplanned outage at Salem 2 will have a continuing effect on performance in the third quarter. Power's gross margin in the second quarter declined to $38.54 per megawatt hour from $40.15 per megawatt hour. Power's margin in the quarter experienced only a modest benefit from the gas fire combined-cycle fleet's access to low-cost gas. A lack of demand and low volatility in the market, given an excess supply of gas, pressured spark spreads. The power markets over the last month have seen prices move to higher levels, given the impact on gas supply from hotter than normal weather and declines in production. An improvement in load and prices will help margins on base load units as an increase in regional gas prices, but also support margins at the gas fired combined-cycle fleet. For the year Power is revising its forecast of output to 50 to 52 terawatt hours from the prior forecast of 52 to 54 terawatt hours. And the updated forecast incorporates the results for the first half of the year and takes into account the extension of the outage of both units at Salem. As shown on Slide 26, approximately 75% to 80% of anticipated production for the second half 2016 of 25 to 26 terawatt hours is hedged at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. For 2017 Power has hedged 55% to 60% of its forecast generation, up 53 to 55 terawatt hours at an average price of $48 of megawatt hour. And for 2018, Power has hedged approximately 25% to 30% of forecast generation of 58 to 60 terawatt hours at an average price of $46 per megawatt hour. The forecast and increase in output for 2018 reflects the commercial start-up of the new gas fired combined cycle capacity at the keys and C1 stations. The percentage of energy hedge for 2017 and 2018 is slightly greater than what we communicated to you earlier this year and in line with our practice. We've adjusted our forecast to Power's full year 2016 operating earnings to $460 million to $525 million from $490 million to $540 million. So, incorporate the results for the first half of the year. The revised forecast represents an adjusted EBITDA of $1.27 billion to $1.375 billion. I'll turn to PSEG Enterprise and other. The net income for PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise in the second quarter of 2016 was $19 million or $0.04 per share versus net income of $12 million or $0.02 per share for the second quarter of 2015. The increase in quarter-over-quarter income reflects contractual payments associated with the operation of PSEG Long Island and certain tax items at PSEG Energy Holdings. We raised our forecast for the full year of operations to $65 million. Our financial position remains strong. PSEG closed the quarter ended June 30, 2016 with $648 million of cash on its balance sheet with debt at the end of the quarter representing 45% of consolidated capital. During the quarter, Power issued $700 million of 3% five-year senior notes due in 2021. We do not foresee the need to issue equity to finance or expand the capital program. And as Ralph mentioned, we are maintaining our forecast of operating earnings for the full year of $2.80 to $3 per share. And with that, we'll be happy to take any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] You first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Jonathan. Are you there?
Operator: Mr. Arnold, please make sure your line is not on mute.
Ralph Izzo: Power is still working in this building so...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thanks.
Ralph Izzo: Hey, Travis. Good morning.
Travis Miller: I was wondering if we look ahead more generally to 2019, 2020 when you guys have your new plant online, and PJM in your region and the other plants that are proposed, what are your thoughts on spark spreads? Obviously, we've seen what's happened in the capacity markets. But what are your thoughts on what happens to spark spreads?
Ralph Izzo: Well, so Travis, I mean by that point, we will have grid plans up – we will have one in Connecticut, one in New Jersey and one in Maryland and it really will depend upon the infrastructure that's being built in each of those locations. As you know, all of those sites do have gas on the property. But we're seeing an increased importance in regional spark spreads. Right now in our region we're seeing sparks spreads giving our access to natural gas with that $20, down at Pepco. It's pretty close to that, the forwards they are saying it could be as high as $23 still I mean we certainly make these investment decisions on the expectation that the combination of either locked in or anticipated capacity prices plus those spark spreads would allow us to recover our cost of capital and then some. So as you know, our history is we don't – we don't usually pick numbers that are different than what the market is telling us. So right now, the local spark spreads defined region by region is in the $20 range.
Travis Miller: Okay. So pretty flat type of curve that you think.
Ralph Izzo: I think the dynamic will be modified as the infrastructure gets built.
Travis Miller: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: Now for a good six months or so.
Travis Miller: Great, and then on the - you guys have been benefiting for quite a while on that Marcellus gas basis at Power. When does that cycle off in terms of incremental growth? When does it stop being a net benefit I suppose, relative to the previous years?
Ralph Izzo: So therein lies the value of a diversified fleet. One would expect that as infrastructure gets built from the region to mostly Southeastern markets that you'll see an increase – a decrease in price in other parts of the country which don't have that access, and an increase in price here which will diminish our regional sparks spread advantage but that should also then help our nuclear plants. So it's been an ongoing source of pride for us that diversity of technology and fuel allows us to deliver some consistency in terms of the margins that we – that we're able to capture. And then of course, one cannot ignore the seasonal variations that will persist even once the infrastructure gets built.
Travis Miller: Sure. Okay. Thanks. I always appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Julien. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I wanted to ask kind of a bigger picture strategic question about the fate of nuclear in New Jersey, if you can think through that with us. What is your current positioning on the need for support and the price for carbon in New Jersey specifically? Perhaps not just with respect to RGGI, but looking at parallels from New York, how are you positioned in this state?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Julien, thank you for asking the question because I want to make sure that there's clarity of understanding around that. There's a lot going on in the nation around nuclear. I don't know the latest numbers. I think 10 to 15 plants are rumored to be at risk of retiring. Half a dozen have retired. Our dilemma is that as active industry participants, frustrated by an absence of carbon value given to nuclear plants and seeing what's happening around us, is we're trying to engage policy makers in a conversation that nuclear is not getting the credit it deserves. Our challenge is our plants are quite healthy economically, so notwithstanding the importance of carbon, I think the motivation in other markets are some of the near-term economic consequences of shutting those plants given their lack of profitability. So we don't have that situation. We're glad we don't have that situation. But it does – it does sort of impair our ability to have the same level of interest and participation in the discussion. So we've been talking about fuel diversity. We've been talking about 90 plus percent capacity factors and what it would mean should long-term forces require the replacement of that. Whatever those long-term forces might be but it is kind of a difficult conversation to have given how many pressing problems are staring policy makers in the face right this minute. So on the one hand, yes, I don't want to go on ad nauseum. We feel strongly that nuclear is not getting the credit, i.e., price it deserves but we cannot and we do not make the claim that our plants are at any kind of economic risk in the near term the way others are.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps to expand on that, no specific efforts in New Jersey and/or thoughts on kind of nascent efforts at PJM to perhaps more appropriately price in diversity?
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no. We are having early conversations that – in both forms – about what that kind of more accurate representation of the value could look like. And we're informing people who don't study this stuff as much as we do about what’s being proposed in the New York State and what's been discussed in Connecticut and what didn't happen in Vermont and Massachusetts and Wisconsin and what that led to and what doesn't appear to be happening in Illinois. So we're not just walking around saying, boy, I wish the world was different. We're talking to people who care about these things, about what the consequences have been and – in places were nothing took place and what would happen – what's being proposed in other places. At PJM, I think there's much more of a focused on reliability associated with such large quantities of baseload power that don't have the seasonal challenges of access to gas and back-up fuels. But I think that historically PJM of course has not viewed itself, nor should it, as an implementer of environmental policy. So the conversation can be broader at the State level than the stakeholder process at PJM.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, and then completely separate question, just in terms of Power. Are you still thinking about expanding the footprint of Power? Obviously you have been through the different diversification efforts. Where you think you are with respect to having an adequate scale in that business, and/or desirability of further investments? I will leave it there.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, no. So I think some power has some – has stated its desire to expand in New England, New York and PJM. We think that those are the most efficient markets given the combination of energy and capacity value in all three of them. We have also said that we do not anticipate any new build. We thought we have three very unique situations but in the flat demand world with pretty much an over-supply condition, arguably all three locations but certainly in two of them, injecting new supply does not appear to be a winning proposition. From the point of view of a power scale, I mean, in terms of its reach, I'd like to see it have a little bit more of a robust portfolio outside of PJM than it currently has, but its certainly would be one of the largest, if not the largest, independent power producer on its own if that is where you're headed with that question. Power doesn't have a lot of megawatts, but it's financial strength and its profitability I think are quite unique. And something that we are very proud of and we work hard to preserve that in making our operating and investment decisions. So there’s – so the way we – we intend in the near-term to grow Power is the way we’ve been trying to which is through selective acquisitions of existing supply. As you know, we’ve not been successful at doing that. The one project we landed was the keys project and there probably because our perception of construction risk management was different than others. So I hope that answers your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: All right. Thank you. So just following-up on that question on the future of Power, there looks to be clearly some Texas generation that will be in the market soon. Is there an interest in partnering up with Texas, or is Texas not a market that you look to enter?
Dan Craig: No. Praful, you may recall was just a few years ago that we exited Texas. It’s not a market that we would want to re-enter at this time.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. All right, and secondly in terms of capacity prices, I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you weren't surprised by the current capacity trend. I wanted to get a sense for how you are looking at long-term capacity prices in PJM, and also, what was driving or what is minimum threshold that you looked at when you were making your investment decisions, that instead of a particular price that you thought capacity prices need to stay at to hit your IRR?
Dan Craig: So in terms of longer-term, as you know, we don’t forecast prices. What we think will be different about next-year’s auctions than this year’s are a couple factors. Number one is the requirement that 100% of the assets be CP compliant. Number two, we will have a market effect due to a recent announcement, an April announcement by ConEdison that a wheel that they were party to – they will no longer make use of and that wheel had the effect of a net transfer into our region of about 400 megawatts which will now no longer be the case. Also, we don’t anticipate the kind of step change in PJM’s demand forecast that took place prior to the last auction. We have been the primary builder of major transmission and while we still have a very robust transmission program, most of those projects are not involved in significant transfer capability, they’re more at the 69 to 230 KV level within the zone. The second half of your question, what did we look at. So we do have an internal rate of return expectation. That is well-above our utility return expectations. And we look at the combination of energy margin and capacity margin when making that decision. Suffice it to say, obviously the fact that we’re going ahead and building the prices that we realized last year in the auction and this year in Connecticut were sufficient for us to go ahead. So there’s no one magic number in terms of capacity that says go ahead and build, it’s the combination of capacity and energy together over the long term, that we look at.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. Thanks so much guys.
Dan Craig: You’re welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Hi. Good morning.
Dan Craig: Good morning, Brian.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin: We've seen a number of your peers announce greater investment in utility scale renewables, while I appreciate your earlier comment that you're not looking to expand in Power, I was wondering if you can comment on renewable outlook in the Northeast, given just how quickly renewable costs has been declining, and how improvements in technology have changed the landscape from the last couple years?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Brian. First, we don’t have any peers. That’s number one. I’m sorry. It’s just a personal point of view. Number two, in terms of renewables, you know we’ve been active on two fronts. On the unregulated side, we have about 300 megawatts that are in 12 or 14 states. I’ve lost track. And we specifically embarked on a crawl-walk-run strategy, I'd say right now we are jogging. And those projects have done well. Everyone of them have met their pro formas. In fact, most one of them has slightly exceeded their pro formas. Most of our solar investment, however, has been concentrated in PSE&G and that’s been a blended of rooftop funded solar, where we don’t own the assets, but we have regulatory assets that support the rooftop and then grid connected. As you know, in New Jersey, grid connected is measured in single-digit megawatt as opposed to double or triple digital megawatts. Notwithstanding the impressive price improvements of these installations, they still are substantially above conventional technology power prices. So our estimates right now are that, in New Jersey, people pay anywhere from $4 to $6 a month for solar energy and that’s typical residential homeowner obviously, the average homeowner means that there’s a bunch of people pay more, a bunch of people pay less. In all of our customer survey information suggest that, that is at or above the level that people are comfortable paying. So our pursuit of solar in PSE&G is really driven by the RPS and the desire to achieve those policy-mandated targets at as low a price as possible and doing things three and four megawatts at a time on landfill. It’s a lot less expensive than giving them two to three kilowatt hours at a time on roof tops. But one has to be careful, even three and five megawatts at a time as to what the bill impact is. So we’re long-standing fans of solar. We are not apologists for it, but we do have to balance the bill impacts. So we pursue those opportunities in-state in accordance with the RPS, and in other states in accordance with those utilities needs to meet their RPS and secure those investments through power purchase agreements.
Brian Chin: Got it. Thank you very much. That’s all I got.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, Dan and Ralph.
Dan Craig: Hey. Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: So most of my questions were answered, but just curious, Ralph, you've, historically on the Power side, you have talked about still having potentially, and let me know if I'm putting words in your mouth, of an interest in the U.S. nuclear business given your diversified fleet at PEG Power, but one of the curtailments of that business has been the mechanisms or lack of mechanisms or the constructs haven't been appropriate. But now that you are looking at some of what's happening in your surrounding states, that environment could be potentially improving. So when you look at Power, you look at its balance sheet and you look at selective acquisitions to increase scale, what you're seeing around you, does it open up the doors of maybe looking at nuclear?
Ralph Izzo: No, Shah. I mean, let me make sure I interpreted the question correctly in terms of new nuclear power, the economics just aren’t there. Every indication of the availability of natural gas and the duration of that availability, and the likely price range that we would see, would suggest that new nuclear and emerging company would not be an economic wise thing to do.
Shahriar Pourreza: No, I think what I am relating to is pre-existing nuclear assets that could potentially have contracted cash flows for the next few years.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean, if you had contracted cash flows and they met the hurdle rate, we think that nuclear has a long-term future. But as we were saying just a few minutes ago with Julien and Praful, others seem to, invariably when we show up to buy an existing asset, they add a couple dollars to the forward price curve and we don’t tend to win. So in terms of purchasing existing assets so much is driven by the kind of the winner’s curse and your view of where forward prices are going and our is I think more disciplined approach of saying that we are not smarter than the market. So I would think that the practicality of that would be somewhat limiting.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes are the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Question on the regulated site on E&G and it's actually a handful of questions. First of all, the $300 million increase in distribution CapEx, can you talk a little bit about how you get cost recovery on that, and whether, if it is not being tracked, does that increase the potential for regulatory lag at E&G over the next couple of years?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, Michael, thanks for the question. So two things; number one, part of that $300 million is what's called new business, so there's new revenue that comes with new business. But equally, if not more importantly, as you know, we have to go in for a rate case in November of 2017. So we are doing some things that need to be done, and we are timing them as such that they will fit into the rate base for the test year. So they will be covered by the rate case with minimalist – if any regulatory lag at all.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Another thing, how are you thinking about the ability to manage O&M at E&G over the next – really what's in 2016 guidance but also how you're thinking about it over the next one to two years, maybe 2017, 2018 both core O&M and then when you think about what's happened with interest rates, discount rates and what it means for the pension component of your O&M and E&G.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I'll let Dan talk about the pension. But we don't look at O&M on an – it's time to check out O&M perspective. We look at it every day. So we just extended contracts with six out of our eight unions, not all of them were in the utility, but our three largest utility unions were included in that six out of eight, and those were all at reasonable escalation. They were wage increases of 3% per year, but benefit trade-offs that reduced the over-all O&M growth. So we kept utility O&M growth to a little bit over CPI, I think it's 2%-ish, thereabouts. I don't remember exactly CPIs, but I know what our O&M growth rate has been – is just little bit over 2%. We just pay attention to that every day. We are not believers in getting inefficient before rate case, and taking costs out of the business right after it. That is – first of all, it is not a great way to build confidence with regulators, and it's not a good way to manage the operation. In terms of pension, yes, lower interest rates are not going to be great for the PBO, but strong market performance which we've seen will be. But Dan, you may want to add some more color to that.
Dan Cregg: No, I mean, I think that's exactly right and it's a little bit of a wait and see. I think a lot on the PBO side, exactly what Ralph referenced. The discount rate is going to be determined really when we get to the end of the year. So that’s uncertain until we get there and returns have been doing pretty well. So I think, keeping an eye on those things as we move toward year end, will track where we go in the pension. And in the interim, just try to manage overall and stand whether it storms, whether it's any new requirements we have for inspections or veg management and trying to manage it as a whole which I think we've done successfully in the past and we would intend to do into the future is how we'll go forward.
Michael Lapides: Dan, have you ever talked about what the sensitivity is to every 25 basis points change in the interest rate? For pension O&M. Sorry.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Ultimately, it is going to have an impact those on what the obligation turns out to be, and the components of what your returns are. And yes, we do look at that internally to try to see where it goes, but fact of the matter is at the end of the day, the discount rate is going to be the discount rate. So it's something that we need to manage having come at us because we can't control that as a rate itself.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks, guys. I'll follow-up offline. Much appreciated.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsch bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys. Sorry. I was offline when I called before. Ralph, you've mentioned a sort of some level of interest in the retail business as a way of past market, I believe. Can you update us on your thoughts there and obviously a large booklet one would imagine would have had some sort of geographic interest to you just transacted and with someone else was that bigger type of portfolio that you might be interested in? Or any perspective that might be great.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Jonathan. First of all, it was good to hear you. I was a little concerned when you disappeared on us before. No, we remain interested in retail for our defensive purposes, managing basis risk and not as a significant growth opportunity by any stretch of the imagination. We've looked at some boutique shops including the transaction you just referenced right now. I suspect that we are going to run into the same issues in looking at those types of potential tuck-in acquisitions as we do in power plants that our discipline, somewhat I consider an approach to pricing these things will result in us perhaps not being able to roll up what we need to roll up from an inquisitive point of view. So we are starting to pay our attention to just building some capability in-house because again, our ambitions here are modest. They're defensive and it's conceivable that an organic approach could be quite a bit more profitable point of view from return expectations. Sorry, Jonathan. I seem to have left a deafening silence.
Jonathan Arnold: Sorry. I had the mute button on again. What stage would you describe that sort of internal look at? Have you started to sort of keep together or are you just thinking about it?
Ralph Izzo: We've hired some folks and we've started looking around it kind of systems that we would need that are a little different from the systems we have now. We're preparing to file the necessary documents one needs to be certified or licensed. I figured the exact terminology to engage in this business – be a separate and different function than our current wholesale trading arm.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. But it's actually something you're – it's beginning to move on, but nothing small.
Ralph Izzo: Correct.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ralph Izzo: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell': Good morning. I just had a quick question on I guess the hedge volumes slide 26. I look at the 18 hedge volumes. It doesn't look like there was a big change in the percentage hedge from the first quarter announcement, but the price change went from $54 to $46. Can you provide any clarity on that?
Dan Cregg: Yes, Anthony, I think we were up at the midpoint of those reigns split up about 5% from the first quarter until now. There's a piece that is about a huge move – a piece of it is as well is that earlier in our over-all hedging trajectory, more of the volume is BGS-oriented. So if you think about what that price is, it includes some non-pure energy items. And as we step further through our hedging, we end up with a little bit more just kind of blocked pure energy trades, which tends to have a more moderating effect on the price itself.
Anthony Crowdell': Okay. Great. You're saying earlier in the near when you hedged, I guess, the first hedges you put on a more BGS-oriented hedges and as you move throughout the year and you lay on more hedges, that's more of just an energy market?
Dan Cregg: So if you think about when the BGS auction happens in February of 2015, you'll have that stuff and going into 2018 and then 2016 we'll have the same effect on 2018. So that accounts for a higher percentage of the volume earlier on and as we step into some of the energy hedges, that number tends to go down a little bit by virtue of the nature of the hedge that we're putting on.
Anthony Crowdell': It's like the wedding of Cana, I guess; the better wine first. Thanks for your help.
Ralph Izzo: Good one, Anthony.
Dan Cregg: Thanks, Anthony.
Ralph Izzo: That's great.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will pause for just a moment.
Ralph Izzo: Brent, that was probably a great note to end on, if there are no further questions.
Dan Cregg: Nobody wants to follow that comment.
Operator: Okay. Mr. Izzo, Mr. Cregg, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation.
Ralph Izzo: So I'm told by Kathleen that many of you folks had a very busy morning with some other calls, so I always am grateful for your participation with a special thank you today given how much was going on prior to us. So in keeping with prior practices, let me just summarize what I hope were the key takeaways for you. The utility growth driven by customer needs and policy maker priorities is really continuing unabated rather than showing up year after each investor meeting telling you about what we found, we're trying to do a better job of keeping you apprised of things as we locate them. So we have about a little bit over $500 million of new stuff that we'll be doing, $300 million which we'll definitely going to do and a couple hundred million of which we're waiting for BPU feedback on. Power remains quite focused on markets managing its costs, its performance and its investment decisions with a real disciplined adherence to what the market is telling us. So some challenging price environments, some great O&M control. And then third and final take away is that this balance sheet remained strong. There's no change in our dividend policy. We continue to have the belief or the opportunity for sustained growth in that dividend that continues and yet these expanding investment needs at the utility and opportunities at the utility can be met without any new equity. So I think we are on a little hiatus for a couple weeks and we will be back on the road in September and certainly see all of you early in November. So thanks very much for joining us. Have a great rest of summer, folks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally – Investor Relations Ralph Izzo – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Cregg – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Neel Mitra – Tudor, Pickering Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Michael Weinstein – UBS Travis Miller – Morningstar Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Gregg Orrill – Barclays Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Praful Mehta – Citigroup Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management Shahr Pourreza – Guggenheim Partners Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Ben Budish – Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I’m your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group’s First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, April 29, 2016, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2 O’clock PM Eastern today until 11:30 PM Eastern on May 6, 2016. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in PSEG’s call this morning. As you are aware, we released our first quarter 2016 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachment are posted on our website at www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2016, is expected to be filed shortly. Please read the full disclaimer statement and the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. As you know the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, unless of course we’re required do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings as well as adjusted EBITDA for PSEG Power. Please refer to today’s 8-K for our other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecast and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group and joining Ralph on the call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. PSEG delivered solid results for the first quarter in the face of rather mild winter temperatures and low prices for natural gas and energy. Earlier this morning, we’ve reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2016 of $0.91 per share versus operating earnings of $1.04 per share in last year’s first quarter. Extreme temperature differences between the first quarter of this year and the first quarter of last year provides the backdrop for this quarter’s operating results. The first quarter of 2016 was 10% warmer than normal and the fifth warmest on record. The month of March in particular was extremely mild with heating degree days 25% lower than normal. Weather for the first quarter was also 27% warmer than the first quarter of 2015, but last year was the coldest on record. Our results were strong in the face of this headwind. PSE&G’s execution on its expanded capital investment program continues to provide a growing source of earnings. PSE&G is expected to invest $3 billion in 2016 as part of its five-year $12 billion capital program. Transmission is the largest part of PSE&G’s effort, representing 60% of planned spending. PSE&G’s investment program and a continued focus on controlling costs will help drive our forecast for double-digit growth in PSE&G’s 2016 operating earnings. PSE&G’s execution of our capital program is expected to yield best-in-class growth rate in rate base of 8% per year for the five-year period ending 2020. PSEG’s continues to develop a pipeline of investment opportunities that also meet New Jersey’s policy objectives and have customer support. Now as for PSEG Power, it has been focused on operating in an environment of low gas prices for years. The availability and low price of gas and the need to meet more stringent reliability requirements has added new urgency to the company’s efforts to improve its cost structure and efficiency. Power’s capital program also represents an important response to today’s market. Power’s $2 billion of investment in three new combined cycle gas turbine will add approximately 1,800 megawatts of clean, reliable and efficient capacity to its fleet. Construction of the KEC plant in Maryland and the Sewaren Unit in New Jersey are on schedule to meet their 2018 operating date. Bridgeport Harbor is expected to be available for 2019 commercial operation date. The addition of this new capacity will transform Power’s fleet. Power’s base load nuclear capacity will be complemented by a flexible low cost fleet of combined cycle gas units capable of responding to the market. The fleet’s carbon footprint is also expected to decline with the addition of the new clean gas fired capacity as nuclear generation continues to represent approximately 50% of the fleet’s output. As I said, we remain focused on operating efficiently and safely. PSEG Power has made judicious reductions in its nuclear workforce and is working closely with the industry to identify additional means of reducing its cost structure to assure the availability of this clean nuclear resource well into the future. Our goal is to capture these savings for the year to help offset the impact of low gas prices on earnings. Separately from operations, we were very pleased with some recent actions in defense of competitive markets. In particular, we were delighted with the U.S. Supreme Court’s unanimous decision affirming the Fourth Circuit decision in Hughes versus Maryland. Since that decision the U.S. Supreme Court also dismissed the New Jersey case allowing to stand the lower court ruling that the so called LCAP contracts are unconstitutional. A recent action at FERC is also constructive. I am referring to the orders issues by FERC earlier this week, granting the complaints filed by EPSA and others, which called into question some approvals, granted by the Public Utility Commission of Ohio. A separate complaint brought by a number of generating companies regarding the scope of the minimum offer price rule under RPM is till pending at FERC. While owners of existing assets without of market contracts will not be directly restricted in the upcoming base residual auction regarding how they can bid the affected units. The lack of certainty regarding FERC approval of such contracts should at least neutralize some if not all of the incentives under the contracts to bid without regard to the unit’s actual cost of operations. We believe that a competitive market is the best approach for ensuring that there is a supply of electric capacity to meet customer demand at the lowest cost. Our companywide efforts are focused on building an infrastructure that improves system reliability, reduces emissions and supports the needs of customers. Our strategy is working and it is made possible by the contribution from our dedicated employees, who support our efforts in countless ways. Their focus on the mission of providing safe and reliable energy has allowed us to meet the needs of customers and shareholders. We are maintaining our operating earnings guidance for the full year of $2.80 to $3 per share. Our guidance assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. As we move forward, the weather and market conditions during the third quarter will be important for both PSEG Power and PSE&G. Current market conditions and the complete absence of a winter require that we maintain our relentless focus on identifying cost efficiencies and maintaining strong operating performance. With that I’ll turn the call over to Dan, who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Dan Cregg: Thanks you, Ralph, and good morning everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2016 of $0.91 per share versus operating earnings of $1.04 per share in last year’s first quarter. On Side 4 we’ve provided you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to net income for the quarter and we’ve provided you with information on Slide 8 regarding the contribution to operating earnings by business for the quarter. Additionally, Slide 9 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter and operating earnings by major business. And I’ll now walk through each company in more detail. For PSE&G, shown on slide 11, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2016 of $0.52 per share compared with $0.47 per share for the first quarter of 2015. PSE&G’s first quarter results reflect the impact of revenue growth associated with an expansion of its capital investment program, which will more than offset the effect of unfavorable weather conditions on electric and gas demand. Returns on PSE&G’s expanded investment in transmission added $0.04 per share to earnings in the quarter and the first quarter also benefited from the recovery of revenue on PSE&G’s distribution investment under its Energy Strong program. This increase in revenue improved quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by a $0.01 a share As Ralph mentioned, weather in the first quarter was warmer than normal and significantly warmer than conditions experienced last year. The negative impact of the extreme differences in weather on gas demand in revenue quarter-over-quarter was largely offset by the gas weather normalization cost. A decline in our electric sales in revenue however as a result of the extreme differences in weather reduced quarterly earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share. Lower taxes more than offset an increase in O&M expense due to the absence of insurance recovery of storm costs received in the year ago quarter. These items together added $0.02 per share to quarter-over-quarter earnings. Economic indicators continue to improve. Employment in New Jersey has increased for 28 consecutive months as the unemployment rate has declined to 4.3% and the housing market has also experienced an improvement. However, this improvement in economic growth was outweighed during the quarter by a mild weather. The variability in quarterly data for weather normalized electric and gas sales has been high given the extreme weather conditions making it difficult to discern a trend in demand when analyzing just the quarterly data but data for the trailing 12 months indicates weather normalized electric sales were flat for the period ended March of 2016. And in terms of weather normalized gas demand a 0.3% decline in sales in the first quarter was led by 1.5% decline in heating demand from the residential sector which also is influenced by the large weather adjustment quarter-over-quarter. But on a trailing 12-month basis gas sales increased by 1.8% year-over-year. PSE&G capital program remains on schedule and PSE&G invested approximately $725 million in the first quarter as part of its planned $3 billion capital investment for 2016. Also as you may recall PSE&G implemented $146 million increase in annual transmission revenue under the company’s transmission formula rate filing which took effect this past January. This increase in revenue adjusted to reflect the impact of bonus depreciation and updates of spending in prior years will be reflected in PSE&G’s earnings throughout the year. We’re maintaining our forecast of PSE&G’s operating earnings for 2016 of $875 million to $925 million. Moving to Power, as shown on slide 18, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.36 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $416 million compared with $0.55 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $626 million for the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our operating earnings measure as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization and major maintenance expense at Towers Fossil generating facilities. The earnings release and slide 19, provides you with a detailed analysis of the impact on Power’s operating earnings quarter-over-quarter. We’ve also provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter on slide 21. PSEG Power’s first quarter results were impacted by the extremely mild weather conditions experienced this year in comparison to the year ago period. A decline in capacity revenue associated with the June 2015 retirement of the HEDD or High Electric Demand Date peaking units in PJM reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. Lower output due to the mild weather conditions coupled with lower average prices on energy hedges reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.09 per share. And a weather related decline in total gas send out to commercial and industrial customers and lower prices combined to reduce quarter-over-quarter earnings on gas sales by $0.12 per share. Lower O&M expense improved quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.05 per share and a reduction in interest expense added $0.01 to earnings per share. Now let’s turn to Power’s operations. Output from Power’s fleet declined 9% in the quarter as a result of the reduced demand and lower wholesale market prices. Output from the coal fleet reduced during the first quarter a decline of 1 terawatt hour from 2.5 terawatt hours in the year ago quarter as low gas prices affected the dispatch of coal. Output from the combined cycle fleet declined 0.2 terawatt hours to 3.7 terawatt hours with the decline in demand. The nuclear fleet however experienced a 0.6 terawatt hour improvement in output to 8.4 terawatt hours for the quarter. The fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 99.7% in the quarter and the nuclear fleets performance benefited from an improvement in availability at Salem as well as an increasing capacity at Peach Bottom. You may recall that the extended power upgrade work was completed at Peach Bottom last year and this work added 130 megawatts to our share of the station’s capacity. Power’s gas fired combined cycle fleet has access to low cost gas which continues to provide it with an advantage relative to market prices. However, the lack of demand and a lack of volatility in the market given the mild weather in an excess supply of gas pressured spot spreads which were significantly lower compared to last year’s levels. Overall Power’s gross margin declined to $43.80 per megawatt hour from $47.32 in the year ago quarter. Power is revising its forecast of output for 2016 to 52 terawatt hours to 54 terawatt hours from its prior forecast of 54 to 56 terawatt hour. The updated range for output incorporates the impact of the abnormally warm weather in the first quarter. This range also incorporates an anticipated expansion of the Salem 1 refuelling outage. A visual inspection during the current refuelling at Salem 1 which began on April 14 revealed damage to a series of bulbs located inside the reactor vessel. The need to conduct further testing to repair and replace the bulbs is expected to expand the refuelling outage. To provide some context as a rule of thumb, a delay in Salem’s refuelling outage of 30 days would reduce generation by approximately 0.5 terawatt hour. And under this scenario nuclear fleets’ capacity factor for the year would be reduced by about 1.5% to 91% from the current forecasted capacity factor of 92.5% for the year and the actual outage duration will be determined after ongoing inspection work is completed. As shown on slide 24 approximately 70% to 75% of anticipated production for the April to December period of 40 terawatt hours is hedged at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. Our open position for the reminder of 2016 is more than adequate to cover the potential for a decline in output at Salem from our original forecast. For 2017, Power’s hedged 50% to 55% of its forecast generation of 54 terawatt hours to 56 terawatt hours at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. And for 2018, approximately 20% to 25% for the forecast generation of 59 terawatt hours to 61 terawatt hours is hedged at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. The forecast increase in generation in 2018 reflects the commercial operation of the Keys and Sewaren combined cycle units. The hedge data for 2016 continues to assume PSEG’ hedges representing 11 terawatt hours to 12 terawatt hours. As we mentioned to your last quarter, there are items included in our average hedged price which influence Power’s revenue but not support Power’s gross margin. Our average hedge price for the remainder of 2016 reflects an increase in cost elements such as transmission and renewables associated with serving our full requirement hedge obligations. The increase year-over-year in these non-margin revenue items is approximately 1 megawatt hours to 2 megawatt hours. We continue to forecast operating earnings for Power in 2016, of $490 million to $540 million and the forecast for operating earnings represents adjusted EBITDA of $1.320 billion to $1.4 billion for the full year which compares to $1.563 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2015. I’ll briefly address as well enterprise and others’ operating results and for the first quarter we reported operating earnings of $0.03 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.02 per share recorded last year in the first quarter. The increase in operating earnings quarter-over-quarter reflects contractual payments associated with the operation of PSEG Long Island and certain tax items that PSEG Energy Holdings and we continue to forecast full year operating earnings for 2016 from PSEG, Enterprise and Other of $60 million. And finally with respect to financings and other, PSEG closed the quarter with $592 million of cash on the balance sheet with debt at the end of March representing 44% of our consolidated capital. During the quarter, PSE&G issued $850 million of securities consisting of $300 million of five-year notes at 1.9% and $550 million of 30-year notes at 3.8% while redeeming a $171 million of long-term debt. And we remain in a position to finance our current capital program without the need for the issuance of equity. We continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.80 to $3 per share. That concludes my comments and I will now turn the call back over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for the members of the financial community [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: I just had a quick question on the lower generation in the first quarter from the milder weather, is that actually a net negative or a positive because you could not wanted to lead and then procure the power at a lower cost to fulfill the financial hedges?
Ralph Izzo: So the hedges are supplied at a lower cost even though we’ve locked in the price, so that’s good news. But as you know, we’re naturally long, so whenever demand is down that creates a drag for Power, is a more modest drag on the utility, it has a whether normalization on the gas business, but no such thing on the electric business. So reduced demanded due to mild whether would create a slight drag there.
Neel Mitra: So the opened position on Power is hurt just because it’s not running as much is that the way to look at that?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. That’s right. So you have lower dispatch prices, we have lower, lesser amount of run time.
Neel Mitra: Okay. And second question, I know you have a small stake in the PennEast Pipeline. Can you remind us when you have that going into service and then there have been recent reports on possible delay, what your thoughts are on that?
Ralph Izzo: So we have 10% position and we are now forecasting late 2018.
Neel Mitra: And what were you forecasting earlier?
Ralph Izzo: Late 2017.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: You’re welcome, Neel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: On the Salem implant and I apologize I heard you talk about, but I just want to make sure I understood it. How long is the extended outage that you guys are now expecting?
Ralph Izzo: So we don’t know yet Paul. The outage started I think it was April 14 and that would have been a fairly standard refuelling outage. We normally don’t give dates on that for obvious reasons due to market sensitivity. But we are in the middle right now of doing some testing to see how many of the bolts are damaged. And so until we finish that we won’t know exact how long the outage is, but I should point out even when we know we typically don’t announce that to the marketplace.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with – and you are still looking at how many bolts or what percentage of bolts have problems.
Ralph Izzo: That’s right.
Paul Patterson: And is there any read through to any other units do you think or any other sort of sense for about this?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean so clearly Salem 2, but we did inspect Salem 2 in 2015, because I mean this is an industry, problem it’s been around since I think 1998, so this is not something that is unique to us or unheard of before. But if Salem 2 pass visual inspection in 2015 and Salem 1 was scheduled to have the more intrusive inspection in 2019, but we’re couple of years ahead of schedule there. I just remind you Salem 2 is six years younger than Salem 1 to the extent that this is a degradation over time that should have an influence.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks so much.
Ralph Izzo: No problem, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, Ralph, how are you doing?
Ralph Izzo: Good.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, recently we saw ConEd enter agreement to purchase gas storage and pipeline assets in Pennsylvania and New York and we’ve also seen other large utilities making large acquisitions of gas assets and utilities. And given the PennEast interest that you have already what is your view on the current market for gas related acquisitions and what’s your own interest in expanding further?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I would say that our interest in expanding further is low to zero. In terms of our position in PennEast, high candidly every gas LDC in New Jersey has a position in that and we just thought that it was important to help participate and bringing those consumer benefits to our gas customers as you know PSE&G has almost two million gas customers. It’s a really different business, Michael. I serve on a board of the company that’s involved in the pipeline business and I just think we’re really good at the netting that we do and I would like to stick to that. So, I’m not second guessing others, please don’t misinterpret. I mean they have their own unique reasons for moving in that direction. But typically the corporate structure is different there, mostly MLPs, they have a fairly different financial proposition and they are not without their challenges nowadays as well. So that may be a great time to go in to buy in. There is a graph of those citing challenges associated with this, we are experiencing that in PennEast. That was a major pipeline. And I am sure you are aware of in New York state obviously had an unpleasant surprise. So it’s a very challenging business with fairly different DNA than what we have in our company and I like the DNA and the match that our company has with the operations that we are responsible for.
Michael Weinstein: Does the current PE’s and the gas utility space on the LDC space, does that also put you off in terms of future opportunities?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So that’s a different subject, but the short answer to that is yes. I mean, I understand that debt is fairly inexpensive. Dan, hopefully impressed you with the numbers he reported for our utility. And you can make acquisitions accretive at very, very attractive premiums to the target. But the question really is that obvious just because money is relatively inexpensive what are the alternative uses for that and simply paying a very, very rich premium and still having accretion may not be your best choice and we’ve been very clear. Our priorities are number one organic growth and number two supporting the dividend and then number three will be share repurchase. As I have said to many people paying a 20 plus PE to someone seems to me to be a bad idea when I know a great company that’s treating at a 14 or 15 PE that has the ticker symbol PEG. So again hopefully [indiscernible] because it’s the second guessing critical above the decisions, but those are the ones I am comfortable for us.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. One last question, in terms of the partnership with Vectren for competitive transmission in MISO, do you see any other opportunities to part with other local utilities for similar type of partnerships?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So I can’t disclose any of that we haven’t public disclosed. But there is an approach that we are eager to pursue. I think that there is lot of value to be had by combining forces with someone who understands the local transmission grid and system with our expertise now having put over $2 billion to work on annual basis for good number of years in terms of cost and schedule management on transmission construction. I am very proud of our team and the work that they have done, but we don’t know the system everywhere in the country, such to the extent that we combine our project management as skills in our construction management know how with people systems knowledge that’s a win-win for everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Hi, thanks.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller: I wanted to think a little bit more about the $0.12 on the lower gas send out and fixed cost recovery business. How much is that just pure volume and how much is there something else there, either margin contractions there or some other factor there that might not be directly weather related?
Ralph Izzo: I ask Dan if he knows the split between the two. I mean, my short answer is it’s a combination of both.
Dan Creeg: And that’s right. I mean, Travis, I guess the way that may be the best way to try to think about where we are from that $0.12 impact that we saw this quarter is if you were to look at each of the last couple of quarters, you would have seen last year and the year before, there was a $0.05 and a $0.04 benefit that we picked up additively over the last two quarters. So, it’s very much the absence of a winter which has impact both on pricing and on volumes. I think the volumes were down about a third and when you have that impact as well as a margin compression. We really also didn’t see much volatility which doesn’t help in that market. So they all were contributions to the delta that you saw for this quarter.
Travis Miller: Okay, great, that’s helpful. And then Ralph without too much a dissertation here, you guys have put a lot of eggs in the transmission baskets certainly, previously and for the next three to five years. What are your thoughts on storage and how that might disrupt the transmission plans or alternatively offer you guys investment opportunities that wouldn’t be in transmission but could be in storage?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, I am a still sort of smarting from your suggestions that I am a bit long way [indiscernible].
Travis Miller: I am interested in the dissertation, just not this morning.
Ralph Izzo: [Indiscernible] There is a lot we’re having. I literally just came for a presentation two weeks ago by a director of Lawrence Berkeley Labs on storage. And his claim, don’t ask me his name because I don’t remember but he is easy to look up, is that at least factor of too away from grid connected storage that makes the economic sense and what he has found is that that translates into anywhere from a 10-year to 20-year timeframe. Of course when you are talking about material science research event it’s difficult to put up with precision but we are agnostic Travis about what hardware one puts in place to serve customers. So I don’t care if its copper wires, super conducting ceramic wire, lead acid batteries, lithium batteries, slow batteries, I am running out of technologies to stop lathering and I am starting to tread on dissertation time frames but we were more than happy to pursue things that have economic merits that provides the reliability our customers are demanding.
Travis Miller: Okay, good question our this [ph] version.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks.
Travis Miller: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, my questions have been asked and answered, thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Thanks same here. Thank you.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes thank you. Just around the hedges at Power, you increased some of the hedges over the last quarter and just wondering where you stand with where you would normally be at this point. How you are thinking about that?
Ralph Izzo: So Gregg as you know we try not to outguess the forward market. We do, however, we’ve said in the past there was a tendency of the market to take a data point from 48 hours ago and a data point from 24 hours go and extrapolate it for the next three years and sometimes that emotional responses not as formed by fundamentals as we would like but we always stay with some certain guidelines. We allow our team to drift up little bit if we think the market is begin a bit bullish and we allow them to drift down if we think the market is begin overly bearish and you will recall in April 14 was the former where you said we can go ahead and hedge a little bit towards the upside since the market is being somewhat bullish and it’s pretty safe to conclude that right now we are drifting towards the bottom of our guide post just given the anomalously one winter we had and the bearish that crept into the market. Now having said that that bearing this is not, totally unjustified given the guess those levels are. And then just the other thing to think about too Gregg is that for the BGS auction to the extent that that’s a contribution across our hedge horizon. That auction usually takes place every year in February. So, you see a little bit of a pickup in that regard in the first quarter’s change.
Gregg Orrill: Fair point, okay, thanks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, Ralph thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good start to the year. Can you on the Salem issue, can you talk a little bit about other plants over the years kind of seen similar issues and whether any of those turned into any more major related items or is having issues with kind of baffle bolts are very standard, very common occurrence. I have to be very honest as a non-nuclear engineer that where baffle bolts is a little baffling to me?
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Michael for the question. I’m glad you asked this. So, to my knowledge DC Cook had an issue in 2010, Indian Point had an issue starting a month or so ago. There have been a handful, I think like six or eight European plants. These are not to my knowledge, these are not life threatening issues, they’re literally 800 bolts typically that secure these metal plates we call them baffles to the reactor vessel and they’re under pressure. There is a pressure grade in because of the hot high temperatures steam that flows through the holes of these baffles and you just get a mechanical stress, in our case I think we have 832 bolts. They are typical of pressurized water reactors, so that’s why I mentioned earlier it’s a false question that we would have to look at Salem 2 again it is extra refueling outage although it passed visual inspection in 2015. It would be an issue for Hope Creek because that’s a boiling water reactor. So, I don’t want to suggest anything other than we have to complete the inspection but none of the prior instances has this been an issue that has threatened the plants going forward integrity or anything of that nature.
Michael Lapides: Got it, and coming to your regulated side of the ENG, you know as you guys do most years at your Analyst Day, you lay out a CapEx forecast that obviously shows you know in year three through five somewhat of a decline from years one through two, can you talk about the things, your goals in 2016 in terms of actually, I don’t want to call it back filling but the types of projects that you could see showing up in the 2018 to 2020 timeframe that might keep CapEx at a more similar level to 16 and 17 or even at a higher level, what are the types of projects what you have to do from the regulatory construct process to get those approved?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, so there is a whole host to that Michael; there is ongoing renewable portfolio standard commitments that could result in some additional solar work. There are couple of special projects that we haven’t named publically on the distribution system that involve major customers that would benefit the entire customer base that we will be pursuing. There is always new and additional work that comes out of it PJM, RTEP [ph] and that’s the kind of stuff you will see us looking at and potentially announcing in 2016.  However, the major backfill in the out years of the plan won’t be announced in 2016 because they are pretty new and that will be continuation of our gas system monetization plan and a continuation of Energy Strong. And reason why we won’t announce those in 2016 is because we are only a year and half since Energy Strong and we are only six months into GSMP and those were both three-year programs give or take a few months on some unique aspects. So you’re right to say that we have historically backfilled the years four and five. I think there is a very high probability we’ll do the same this time. But I think that’s in terms of the goals for 2016, it will be more some significant distribution projects that we have and potentially some solar work that to keep the state on its RPS targets, you’ll see as a percent in the near-term.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you Ralph. Much appreciated.
Ralph Izzo: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks you. Hi, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Praful.
Praful Mehta: So quickly on the storage point, I know it was an interesting debate and you’ve made a bunch of relevant points, so that was very thoughtful. I’m just wanted to understand you were mentioning storage more from a transmission perspective. But just take it back to storage more from a generation perspective. If you did have the 10 to 20 year window horizon as you talked about, how would you think of the implications for your gas lead and just generally for the markets in general? If you did think storage was coming, whenever, 10 years or 20 years down the road, how do you see the implications for the power generation for your fleet and just generally in the U.S.?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I think there are three uses for storage. One is to the extent that one has some localized distribution reinforcement that can be more economically achieved for the storage rather than fluctuation enhancement. Second would be your classic arbitrage between peak and off-peak, however which has become less of an economic driver now days just given the abundance of natural gas. Third could be sort of a similarity that which is to offset the intermittency associated with renewables, but in terms of using batteries as speakers I mean I think that you just have to take a look again it’s a dollar per KW and my goodness yes I’m – keeping getting more and more efficient and storage seems to be losing in that race so its to keep up with them. So I think there are multiple applications I didn’t mean to suggest that we would only consider one what I was trying to point out is whether the application is a supply side or whether it’s a customer reliability side, whether its providing peaking services, other ancillary services. We don’t have a religious fervor around one technology or another we look at them all the time.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough that’s really helpful. And then secondly from a M&A perspective there is number of generation assets clearly in the market and potentially more coming and you’ve talked about at some point of separation as well. So how do you fit all that in are you looking to get to critical mark is there opportunity here to apply some asset critical mark there you think you can at some point separate how are you thinking about that opportunity right now?
Ralph Izzo: Yes I mean that’s pretty much what we’ve told the world right that we see three very changeable tactical reasons for remaining integrated its the financial synergies between powers, our cash generation and utilities cash needs. It’s the customer build synergies between the customer Power serves and the customers that PSEG’s serve and power prices were down PSEG’s distribution rates go up quite candidly. And the last but not least is the benefit of scale associated with the corporate support functions and as Power continues to pursue growth opportunities outside PJMEs the first two issues become less important right. You have more customers that are not PSE&G customers that we will be serving in the New England and the New York State. You have more need for Power’s funds from operations going to Power as opposed to going over to the utility and as both companies get bigger then the corporate supports synergies become less on a percentage basis. As the reason why I say outside of PJMEs is because we’re pretty much preemptive from making any acquisitions within PJMEs and given the slow growth in demand, we’re not big fans of Greenfield development in PJMEs it’s just you quickly run into an oversupply situation. Having said all of that, we have demonstrated that we’re pretty bad at acquiring assets. By that I mean we seem to have a more conservative view of where the market is going and are consistently outbid, Keys being the one exception to that which I believe was largely because of our confidence in our ability to manage construction risk that perhaps others did not posses and also some of the portfolio benefit going to us in terms of PJM West. So, we all the time at generation assets, we have an, I was not saying anti coal bias, that sounds very political and I didn’t mean it that way. But just given the direction of environmental regulation, you wouldn’t see us taking a look at any co expansions in terms of new assets. But we do look in our target markets which would be the rest of PJM, New England and New York State. We just have to get it at the right price and we’re going to remain disciplined in what that means for us.
Praful Mehta: Got it. That’s very helpful, Ralph, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Ashar Khan: Good morning and good results. Can you just ask you one thing which [indiscernible] mentioned why their outage is lasting a little bit longer, is that they didn’t have the equipment on site and I didn’t know what that meant exactly, but I just wanted to ask you Ralph, are you guys do you have this stuff on site to replace everything so it won’t cause a longer outage?
Ralph Izzo: No it was so – hi Ashar. So the equipment is not routinely onsite, but we are in the process right now of securing that equipment while we do the ultrasonic testing. This is a highly radiated area. It’s inside the reactor vessel, but we are in conversations with at least two vendors who claim to be able to help us do the work and we’re confident we will be able to bring them on site. I mean this is – as I said there is at least 10 other reactors that had this issue in the past and.
Ashar Khan: No, I understand. And I was just trying to understand whether they were saying the delay was caused by equipment not begin on site?
Ralph Izzo: I think there is a robotic device that needs to go in and change out the bolts and replace those that fail the ultrasonic test. It’s not something you could send a person into the vessel.
Ashar Khan: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: From a clinical path perspective to the inspections that are ongoing now need to take place first so we have sometime of a critical task to be able to secure that kind of equipment.
Ashar Khan: Equipment, okay I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shahr Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahr Pourreza: Hi, questions were answered thanks.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Goldenberg with Luminous. Please go ahead.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Mike.
Michael Goldenberg: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning.
Michael Goldenberg: Hi just wanted to ask a question about your 2018 hedging. I wasn’t clear. If I just look at previous quarters and this quarter it seems like you hedge very little about 5% of your output, but if I did the math I get about $30 or $31 incremental hedging price. I’m not understanding if that’s the price or I’m doing something wrong there.
Ralph Izzo: And your comparison is what Michael.
Michael Goldenberg: Versus Q4, so in Q4 you were same percentage at $54 now you’re same percentage $49 so if I just do the simple math I get incremental hedging down at $31?
Ralph Izzo: We will have to go through the individual math which maybe we could follow up with you on but you also got a range of output where you’re within a higher low band. So, its going to vary, I know that some of that 2018 output is going to come from BGS which tends to have a higher price and then we run lower price environment as well, so it’s going to be some mix of that.
Michael Goldenberg: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] . Your next question comes from the line of Ben Budish with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ben Budish: Hey, everybody good morning. Just I wondering if I’m maybe reading into your comments you made at the beginning of the call too much about kind of the importance of Q3, it seems like maybe you’re sort of guiding us to the low end of the range and I’m curious like strong Q3 might get us back to the midpoint or maybe we’re looking at sort of below the bottom end and a strong Q3 gets us back within, is there anymore color you can kind of give on that?
Dan Creeg: Yes so Ben, the range is the range and historically what we do is after Q1 we really don’t modify our numbers or push people up or down and just live with range. After Q2 sometimes we may move a nickel one way or another if we think that there is a definitive bias one way or another in terms of verbally guiding and then typically after Q3 is when we – if there is a need tighten the range one way or another. So we’re $2.80 to $3 it was a tough winter and we’ve got a lot of focus on our operations and cost efficiencies and the range always assumes that the rest of year is normal weather. We never assume that the weather is going to suddenly do something different than what the weather service predicts as anomaly.
Ben Budish: Okay great thank you.
Operator: Mr. Izzo and Mr. Cregg there no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or any closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Sure thank you Brent. So thanks everyone for being on the call and the main message I hope you took away is my favorite message which is steady she goes. We have utility capital program that’s proceeding as planned, Power construction program with three combined cycle units is on schedule and on budget, our operations are strong throughout the enterprise and the balance sheet is as solid as ever. I know Kathleen and Dan have some travels coming in the next couple weeks and then the three of us have some travels coming up in the next couple of months. So hopefully we will get to you see you most if not all of you during those travels. Thanks a lot and we will talk soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and CEO Dan Creeg - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Praful Mehta - Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Gregg Orrill - Barclays Travis Miller - Morningstar Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group’s Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 19, 2016, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2 o’ clock PM Eastern today until 11:30 PM Eastern on February 26, 2016. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings call this morning. As you are aware, we released fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings results earlier this morning. The release and attachments, as mentioned, are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, is expected to be filed shortly. I won’t go through the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you all read those comments, contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change, unless of course required by applicable securities laws. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand trends. I’m now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group and joining Ralph on the call is Dan Creeg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Given the interest in the call, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen and thanks everyone for joining us today. This morning, we reported operating earnings for the full year 2015 and I’m pleased to report that it was a year of significant accomplishments. As you saw this morning, we reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.50 per share, versus $0.49 per share earned in the fourth quarter of 2014, despite the unseasonably mild weather this past December. Results for the full year were $2.91 per share or 5% greater than 2014’s operating earnings of $2.76 per share. This was at the upper half of our guidance of $2.85 to $2.95 per share and it was also higher than the midpoint of our original guidance of $2.85 per share. Our results reflect the benefits of excellent performance and robust organic growth, which offset the impact of low energy prices on earnings. We’ve continued to successfully deploy our strong free cash flow into customer oriented investment programs that have supported growth. 2015’s operating earnings represented a third year of growth in earnings. Now, let me just mention a few of the year’s highlights. PSE&G was named Electric Light & Power’s Utility of the Year and was named the most reliable utility in the mid-Atlantic for the 14th consecutive year. But we’re not resting on those laurels. PSE&G invested approximately $2.7 billion during 2015 on programs to further enhance the system’s resiliency and its reliability. During the year, PSE&G placed into service key backbone transmission lines, such as the Susquehanna-Roseland line as well as the Mickleton-Gloucester-Camden line, which are designed to meet the needs of customers today and well into the future. PSE&G invested over $550 million on programs under its $1.2 billion Energy Strong initiative. These programs are designed to strengthen and protect the electric and gas distribution system from the impacts of extreme weather. During the year, PSE&G also received approval from the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to invest an additional $95 million in its award winning energy efficiency programs and to continue the work begun under Energy Strong, replacing aging cast iron natural gas pipes. The $905 million gas system modernization program represents the 14th multi-year investment program approved by the BPU since PSE&G’s last base rate case and this speaks to the state’s support of infrastructure investment that meets the needs of customers. PSE&G’s investment program, supportive revenue recovery mechanisms and tight control of O&M expenses have provided growth in PSE&G’s operating earnings of approximately 13% per year for the five year period ended 2015. During this period, PSE&G’s rate base expanded at a rate of 11% per year and importantly, we’ve been able to support this growth as customer builds have declined. But 2015 was not just a year of PSE&G accomplishments. PSEG Power’s strong operating performance supported earnings in line with guidance for the full year, despite very difficult market conditions. The nuclear fleet operated at a capacity factor of greater than 90% for the year and accounted for 54% of the fleet’s output. Power’s gas fired combustion turbine fleet set a new record for output. This improves on the prior record established in 2014. The fleet’s performance is benefiting from investments that have improved its efficiency, increased its capacity and provided greater access to low cost gas supply. The flexibility and diversity of Power’s fleet have allowed us to provide approximately $500 million of positive free cash flow in 2015, even during soft energy market conditions. Power also plans to invest $2 billion over the next 3 to 4 years to add approximately 1,800 megawatts of new, efficient combined cycle gas fired turbine capacity. The Keys Energy station which is located in Southwestern MAAC will extend Power’s footprint in this core PJM market, a new efficient unit at the Sewaren station in New Jersey will replace old, inefficient steam capacity. And after clearing the most recent capacity auction in New England, Power will construct a new 485 megawatt combined cycle unit at its existing Bridgeport Harbor station site, giving us an enviable and growing position in both energy and capacity markets in Southwestern Connecticut. The addition of these units will transform Power’s generation mix as its ownership of efficient reliable gas-fired capacity will grow to exceed 5,000 megawatts in 2019. At that time, the combined cycle gas turbine fleet will surpass the size of Power’s ownership in nuclear capacity and secure Power’s position as a low cost generator with modern, flexible, clean assets that remain capable of meeting the demands for reliability in today’s markets. Power also grew its investment in contracted solar energy. In 2015, Power added two projects representing an investment of approximately $75 million in utility scale grid connected solar energy. And earlier this year, Power announced that it will invest an additional $150 million in three projects that bring its portfolio of solar projects to 240 megawatts DC of clean renewable energy. All projects in this portfolio are under long-term contracts with credit worthy customers. So as you can see, we continue to explore opportunities to expand and optimize Power’s fleet, although I will add that we do not see any new generation build in the foreseeable future, although you never say never, but we don’t plan any at this point in time. Our balance sheet continues to provide us with a competitive advantage to finance our capital programs without the need to access the equity markets. We ended 2015 with strong credit metrics and the extension of bonus depreciation through 2019 is expected to provide enterprise with an additional $1.7 billion of cash during this period. Our investment program calls for a 21% increase in capital spending to $11.5 billion for the three years ended 2018 from capital invested during the three year period ended 2015. Approximately 72% of that amount or 8.3 billion over this timeframe will be invested by PSE&G on transmission and distribution infrastructure programs that customers will require for reliability. This level of investment is expected to yield growth in PSE&G’s rate base for the three years ended 2018 of 10% per year, even after taking into account the impact of bonus depreciation on rate base. The remaining approximate 27% or $3.2 billion of expected capital investments will be made at Power. The majority of Power’s investments will be devoted to expanding its position in new, efficient, clean gas-fired generating capacity as I mentioned already, all of which, Keys, Sewaren and Bridgeport Harbor are expected to exceed our long standing and unchanged financial returns expectations. With our strong balance sheet, we remain in a position to increase our capital investment across the company. We have a robust pipeline of opportunities and plan on providing you with an update of our 5-year outlook for capital spending at our annual financial conference on March 11. In total, the investment programs at PSE&G and Power are focused on meeting customer needs and market requirements, with an energy platform that is reliable, efficient and clean. The strategy we implemented has yielded growth for our shareholders as we have met the needs of our customers. The continued successful deployment of strong free cash flow into customer oriented regulated investment programs is expected to support 14% growth in utility’s earnings to 60% of enterprise’s 2016 operating earnings as the results for the full year are forecast at $2.80 to $3 per share. Our guidance for 2016 takes into account the impact on demand from the continuation of unseasonably mild weather conditions in January and early February. The Board of Directors’ recent decision to increase the common dividend by 5.1% to the indicative annual level of $1.64 per share is an expression of our confidence in our outlook, the continued growth of our regulated business and an acknowledgement of our strong financial position. We see the potential for consistent and sustainable growth from the dividend as an important means of returning cash to our shareholders. Of course, none of our success would be possible without the contribution made by PSEG’s dedicated workforce. I look forward to discussing our investment outlook in greater detail with you at our March 11 annual financial conference. But for now, I’ll turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and we’ll be available to answer your questions after his remarks.
Dan Creeg: Thank you, Ralph and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.50 per share versus $0.49 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014. Our earnings in the quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $2.91 per share or 5.4% greater than 2014’s operating earnings of $2.76 per share and at the upper half of our guidance of $2.85 to $2.95 per share. And on slide 4, we provide you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to net income for the quarter. We’ve also provided you with information on slide 10 regarding the contribution to operating earnings by business for the quarter and slides 11 and 13 contain waterfall charts that take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year changes in operating earnings by major business and I’ll review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2015 of $0.31 per share compared to $0.32 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014 and that’s shown on slide 15. PSE&G’s full year 2015 operating earnings were $787 million or $1.55 per share compared with operating earnings of $725 million or $1.43 per share for 2014, reflecting a growth of 8.6%. PSE&G’s earnings for the fourth quarter benefited from a return on its expanded capital program, which partially offset the impact of earnings from unseasonably mild weather conditions and an increase in operating expenses. PSE&G’s return on an expanded investment and transmission and distribution programs increased quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.03 per share. Mild weather conditions relative to normal and relative to last year reduced electric sales and lowered earnings comparisons by a penny per share. Recovery of gas revenue under the weather normalization clause offset the impact on earnings of the abnormally warm weather on sales of gas. And higher expenses including pension and other items reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.03 per share. Economic conditions in the service area continued to improve. On a weather normalized basis, gas deliveries are estimated to have increased 2.1% in the quarter and 2.2% for the year. Demand continues to benefit from an improving economy and also from the impact of lower commodity prices on customer’s bills. Electric sales on a weather normalized basis are estimated to have increased by 0.8% and 0.5% for the fourth quarter and for the year respectively. The estimated year-over-year growth on electric sales is more representative of our long term expectations for growth. PSE&G implemented a $146 million increase in transmission revenue, under the company’s transmission formula rate for 2016 on January 1. PSE&G’s investment in transmission grew to $5.7 billion at the end of 2015 or 43% of the company's consolidated rate base of $13.4 billion at year end. As you know, transmission revenues are adjusted each year to reflect an update of data that was estimated in the transmission formula rate filing. The adjustment for 2016 which we will file in mid-2017 will include the impact of the extension of bonus depreciation which was executed after our transmission formula rate filing. This adjustment will reduce transmission revenue as filed by about $27 million. But we will accrue that for accounting purposes in anticipation of the reduction in revenue as we report our 2016 results. We are forecasting growth in PSE&G’s operating earnings for 2016 to a range of $875 million to $925 million. And forecast reflects the benefits of continued growth in PSE&G’s rate base and a decline in pension expense. Turning to Power, as shown on slide 19, Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.19 per share compared to $0.18 per share a year ago. Results for the quarter brought Power’s full-year operating earnings to $653 million or $1.29 per share compared to 2014’s operating earnings of $642 million or $1.27 per share. Power’s adjusted EBITDA for the quarter in the year amounted to $235 million and $1.563 million, respectively, which compares to adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2014 of $271 million and adjusted EBITDA for the full year of 2014 of $1.588 million. The earnings release as well as the earnings slides on pages 11 and 13 provide you with a detailed analysis of the impact on Power’s operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and cost and we have also provided more detail on generation for the quarter and for the year on slides 21 and 22. Power’s operating earnings in the fourth quarter reflect the impact of strong hedging and tight control on operating expenses which offset an anticipated decline in capacity revenue and the impact of unseasonably warm weather on wholesale energy prices. The decline in capacity revenues associated with the May 2015 retirement of High Electric Demand Day or HEDD peaking capacity in PJM reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.04 per share. An increase in the average price received on energy hedges coupled with the decline in fuel costs more than offset the impact on earnings from a reduction in gas sales. And these two items together netted to a quarter-over-quarter improvement in earnings of $0.02 per share. Power’s O&M expense for the quarter was unchanged relative to year ago levels. An increase in depreciation expense and other miscellaneous items was more than offset by the absence of a charge in the year ago quarter resulting in a net improvement in quarterly earnings comparisons of $0.03 per share. Turning to Power’s operations, Power’s outputs during the quarter was in line with the year ago levels. For the year, output increased 2% to 55.2 terawatt hours and the level of production achieved by the fleet in 2015 represented the second highest level of output in the fleet’s history as a merchant generator. Growth was supported by improvements in the fleet’s availability and efficiency. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 90.4% for the year producing 30 terawatt hours or 54% of total generation. Efficient commodity cycle gas turbine capacity was rewarded in the market with an increase in dispatch levels. And Power’s DCG fleet set a generation record during the year at each of the Lyndon Station and Bethlehem Energy Center set individual records. Output from the commodity cycle fleet grew 11% to $18.4 terawatt hours or 33% of total output during the year. Power market demand for our coal units reduced output from those stations to 5.8 terawatt hours in the year or 11% of output. And lastly, the fleet’s peaking capacity produced just under 1 terawatt hours or 2% of output for the year. Power’s gas-fired commodity cycle fleet continuous to benefit from its access to lower priced gas supplies in the Marcellus region and for the year gas from the Marcellus supplied 75% of the fuel requirements for the PJM gas-fired assets. This supply [indiscernible] and implied by market pricing and allowed Power to enjoy fuel cost savings in the fourth quarter similar to the levels that enjoyed in the year-ago quarter despite weak energy prices. And for the full year, Power enjoyed positive spreads relative to the market. The year-over-year realized spot spreads in 2015 were lower than what was realized in 2014 given the decline in energy prices. Overall, Power’s gross margin improved slightly to $38.83 per megawatt hour in fourth quarter versus $37.40 per megawatt hour in year ago and for the year Power’s gross margin amounted to $42.25 per megawatt hour versus the $42.41 per megawatt hour last year. And slide 24 provides detail on Power’s gross margins for the quarter and for the year. Power is expecting output for 2016 to remain unchanged at 54 to 56 terawatt hours. Following the completion of the basic generation service or BGS auction in New Jersey earlier this month, Power has 100% of its 2016 base load generation hedged. Approximately 70% to 75% of Power’s anticipated total production is hedged on an average price of $51 per megawatt hour and Power has hedged approximately 45% to 55% of its forecast generation in 2017 of 54 to 56 terawatt hours at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. Looking forward to 2018, Power’s forecasting improvement in output to 59 to 61 terawatt hours with the commercial startup in mid-2018 of Keys and Sewaren stations that Ralph mentioned earlier. Approximately 15% to 20% of 2018’s output is hedged at an average price of $54 per megawatt hour and Power assumes BGS volumes will continue to represent approximately 11 to 12 terawatt hours of deliveries and this number is very consistent with the 11.5 terawatt hours of deliveries we saw in 2015 under the BGS contracts. Our average hedge position at this point in time represents a slightly smaller percentage of output hedged versus what you saw a year ago and at that time, Power was able to take advantage of market prices influenced by the colder-than-normal weather conditions of last winter. Average hedge pricing includes the impact of recently concluded DGS auction and the auction for the three-year period beginning in June 1, 2016 ending May 31, 2019 was priced at $96.38 per megawatt hour in the PS zone. This contract for one-third of the load will replace in 2013 contract for $92.18 per megawatt hour which expires on May 31, 2016. And we do remind you from time to time that the items included in the average hedge price which influenced Power’s revenue but don’t support Power’s gross margin. Our average hedge price for 2016 of $51 per megawatt hour reflects an increase in the cost of elements such as transmission and renewables associated with serving our full requirements hedge obligations. And based on our current hedge position for 2016, each $2 change in spot spreads would impact earnings by about $0.04 per share. Power’s operating earnings for 2016 are forecasted at a range of $490 million to $540 million. That forecast includes an adjusted EBIT DA of $1.320 million to $1.4 billion. Forecast reflects a year-over-year decline in capacity revenues associated with the May 2015 retirement of the HEDD peaking capacity. Operating earnings for the year will also be influenced by the re-contracting of hedges at lower average price and a decline in gas sales. And most of the decline in Power's operating earnings forecast for the full year 2016 is expected to be experienced in the early part of 2016. With respect to our enterprise and other, we reported operating earnings in the fourth quarter of $4 million which compares to a loss in operating earnings of 44 million or $0.01 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014. And results for the quarter brought full year 2015 operating earnings to $36 million or $0.07 per share compared with 2014’s operating earnings of $33 million or $0.06 per share. The difference in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings reflects the absence of prior year tax adjustments as well as other parent related expenses in 2015. For the year, PSEG Long Island’s earnings contributions of $0.02 per share was in line with expectation. And looking forward to 2016, operating earnings for PSEG Enterprise and Other are forecasted at $16 million. Next I want to provide an update on our pension. At the beginning of 2016, PSEG has elected to measure service and interest costs for pension and other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the plants liability cash flows rather than the prior use of a single weighted average rate. We believe the new approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plant’s liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. The change does not affect the measurement of the plant obligations and we estimate this change will reduce 2016 pension and OPEB expense by approximately $34 million and $13 million, respectively net of amounts capitalized from what would have been without this change. On a year-over-year basis, the pension expense is expected to decline, pension and OPEB expense is expected to decline by $25 million from 2015’s level of expense. We ended 2015 with 91% of our pension obligations funded and minimum need for cash funding of obligations over the next several years. With respect to financial condition, it remained strong. We closed 2015 with $394 million of cash on hand and debt representing 43% of our consolidated capital position and debt at Power representing 27% of our capital base. PSEG’s capital program for the three years ended 2018 is currently expected to approximate $11.5 billion. This represents a 21% increase over the level of capital invested over the prior three year period as PSE&G and Power focused on modernizing their infrastructure to meet the needs of today's marketplace. We have ample capacity to finance our current capital program. In addition, we estimate that the change in bonus depreciation as Ralph mentioned will provide an additional $1.7 billion of cash through 2019 with most of this cash received over the three year’s ending 2018. And of this amount, $1.2 billion of the cash will be at PSE&G and $500 million will be at Power. And as mentioned, our forecast for double-digit growth in PSE&G’s rate base through 2018 does take into account the impact of bonus depreciation on the rate base. We plan to provide an updated five year view of the capital spending at the Annual Conference on March 11. So regarding to earnings for 2016 in $2.80 to $3 per share in line with our 2015 operating results as forecast growth at PSE&G offsets the impact of lower energy prices on Power’s operating earnings. The company remains on solid footing and we continue to focus on operational excellence, we remain disciplined in our approach to investment strategy and maintain our financial strength. Common dividend was recently increased 5.1% to the indicative annual level of $1.64 per share and we believe we can provide shareholders with consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend going forward. And with that, we are ready to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Ralph Izzo: Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: A couple of questions on the change in pension accounting methodology, could you just give - is this designed to bring you more into line with standard practice or something - can you just give us some perspective around what drove that change?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I think it will probably increasingly look more like standard practice. In applying an interest rate we have normally done a weighted average rate which is across all of the cash flows and some recent determination has been made that in looking at the yield curve and the timing of your actually payments and the timing of the interest by virtue of shape of the yield curve be more accurate method was to apply the near-term interest rates to the near-term cash flows and the longer term interest rates to the longer term cash flows. So we've been looking at this for a while and in addition to being a more accurate method I think you will start to see this more and more in others.
Jonathan Arnold: Your sense is that others have not - who you haven’t adopted this it yet, but you think that will go that way, is that what you're saying?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, so our intel from talking to our advisors is we're probably somewhere between 30%, 40%, 50%, so companies are pursuing and a bunch of the others are investigating the same. We’ve seen some of this from other leases that we’ve seen from others as well.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And can you give us a sense, is the change we're seeing in 2016 something that would all else equal will just persist into 2017 just a change of basis one piece? And then secondly, can you parse out the impact to the utility versus power?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, on the second piece, it’s about half and half is the general way to think about it. And with the yield curve that rises over time, you will see a moderation of the benefit of this method over time, but remaining positive, based upon all the current assumptions in place through the balance of the five year plan period. It remains positive, but declines over time.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And can I just add one other topic, Enterprises, the uptick in 2016 is that mostly the Long Island contract?
Ralph Izzo: That was correct, Jon. Some of you heard.
Jonathan Arnold: Yeah, we missed the answer. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good morning. The $11.5 billion of CapEx over 2016 to 2018, if you take 72% of that at the utility, it seems like utility CapEx for 2016 to 2018 is about maybe I don't know, $750 million higher than what you showed in a chart at EEI. Can you just confirm if I'm reading that right and if so in what areas are you investing more money now over the next three years?
Ralph Izzo: So Keith, the answer is you’re correct and we will detail not only that, but the full five years on March 11, but it’s the same areas we have been. It’s largely transmission related, and there is an element of Energy Strong in there as well, but we will give you the details of that as well as any new initiatives that we plan to pursue in the five-year time horizon on March 11.
Keith Stanley: Okay. And one other one, just what ROE are you assuming at the distribution business that PSE&G in 2016 and what ROE did you earn at distribution last year?
Dan Creeg: So you remember, ROEs are a blend of an allowed base, ROE of 10.3, and then myriad 14 to be exact of various programs that we have had approved since then, that range from 9.75 to 10.3, but with a couple of them also the beneficiary, I think that’s the tax credit in some of the solar programs. So we are earning on a longer term, but you have to do the - some of the parts so to speak of each of those programs.
Keith Stanley: So netting out some of those programs you earned 10.3 on call it core distribution last year, and I mean, are you just assuming that you're earning precisely your allowed return and that's what you're saying you earned last year?
Dan Creeg: So on the core distribution, yes, the 10.3, and on Energy Strong, we are going to earn the 9.75 and on solar for all, we are going to earn 10, and on energy efficiency, we are going earn 9.75 and so that’s what I am trying to point out, and because of to varying degrees contemporaneous nature of the returns we do stick to those, we do accomplish those objectives.
Keith Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, can you hear me?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. So I wanted to go back a little bit to the latest BGS Auction, and ask you, if you can elaborate a little bit on what exactly drove the year-over-year results? And perhaps at least our perception of a reduction in the risk premium, can you elaborate kind of what the dynamics you saw?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean, some of the bigger pieces, Julien, I think are fairly transparent from what you can see from a market perspective. I think we saw a little bit of a decline in the energy prices, which is kind of where you spot as a baseline for the auction. And then probably the couple of other areas where you’ve seen the biggest change is against that decline, as you have seen a bump on the transmission side and you have seen a bump related to some of the green costs that are involved. So you can track the green cost here in New Jersey, [indiscernible] and you can track the transmission fact, I think the BPU even sends out some of the transmission cost that ultimately get embedded in. and then finally, the last big piece, which is also fairly transparent is the capacity piece and those auctions take place in advance of by virtue of their three-year forward market and the BGS three-year forward market. They place in advance of the BGS auction. So those are your biggest movers. And there is other pieces obviously in there, there is ancillary, and different components, but those are the biggest pieces that you see related to the changes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But just coming back, clearly some of those big changes move in year-over-year, but at least from our calculations, it seems that even adjusting for that there might have been a little bit less of a premium there, just curious.
Ralph Izzo: I mean, we don’t really talk necessarily about what kind of a premium you would see in the product, but I think you can - most of those pieces are transparent enough that you can build out and see what the elements of them are and I think, on balance, you’re seeing a bit of a decline on the energy side, and you’re seeing a bit of a roll up coming off in the other direction related to both transmission agreement.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Fair enough. Maybe going back to the last question a little bit more about the utility regulatory, how are you thinking about trackers in a post-great case scenario as you think about rolling at least the legacy programs in the base rate et cetera? Can you kind of talk about perhaps what the subsequent role might look like?
Ralph Izzo: Sure. While we are pleased with the success we have had, Julien over these past several years with these programs, we have been talking to the staff about - in particular the gas program, which clearly has a multi-decade run that it would need to do all of the work that the system requires of it, I am talking about replacing the cast iron, that we would like to break away from this incremental approach and into more of a longstanding approach. For no other reason that it would be beneficial to develop the infrastructure, primarily people, that one needs to sustain these programs, right.  So right now, the way we run the programs is we work for contractors and we bring in the folks that are needed and we enter into this conversation six months before the program expires. But will we need more, I am not quite sure. Well, we have to wait for the BPU, so when can you find out, I will get back to you since possible, and that’s not the way we typically run a 110-year old company. We like to have training programs, bring people in as an apprentice and have them climb the technical ladder and have a nice long career and that’s a much more efficient way to use customer rates. So I think that program in particular could be a template for the type of ongoing things we want to do, we were close second to that.  As you may recall, Energy Strong, we had put forth the ten-year plan that got approved for three years. And some of the cleaner technologies, whether solar or energy efficiency that will be needed to meet the state’s own renewable portfolio standard or what eventually becomes of CPP and whatever carnation takes, reincarnation that takes, I think will lend themselves to more programmatic and longstanding programs that we can anticipate and rationally equip ourselves to execute. So those conversations are going on with the Board staff now and to their credit, their responses well, you should have confidence, you have come in 14 times and 14 times we said yes and that’s true. So the question is how much of an investment risk are you willing to make in equipment and training programs and people, when the yes, it’s pretty much assured but has different forms, half the programs, half the duration and maybe three quarters of the run rate. So it’s a very constructive dialog right now to be continued.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Hi, guys. Morning. My question firstly you guys sit in a very interesting spot where you own all three assets, coal, gas and nuclear and it's interesting the trends you highlight with gas capacity factors increasing, coal reducing. My question is, how are you thinking about asset life of these three classes of assets given the market conditions you see now? And what does that mean in terms of leverage levels that you're comfortable with for the Power business?
Ralph Izzo: So one of the things that’s equally important to the fuel diversity of our assets is the technology diversity and performance features of our assets. So obviously, gas we have some combined cycle gas turbines, which once upon a time, we called load following, which we are looking more and more like base load. But we also have a pretty robust and healthy peaking fleet. And similar in our coal assets, we have Keystone kind of which are rightfully described as base load and candidly Hudson, Mercer, and Bridgeport stations have become more peaking with Hudson and Mercer having the additional flexibility to be able to run on gas. So it’s not just a question of fuel diversity, it’s what part in the dispatch queue, the asset can play and whether it starts, stops features and in that respect our diversity serves us well. Now, you probably picked up that we would anticipate retiring the Bridgeport Harbor coal unit in five years provided that we are successful executing the permits for the new 500 minus combined cycle units at Bridgeport Harbor, which we don’t anticipate any difficulties in doing so given the community benefits agreement we have achieved with some important stakeholder groups in Bridgeport. And I will let Dan finish up on the leverage of power, but once again, our base FFO to debt expectations are 30% and we will give you more details when we see in March, but we were well over that prior to bonus depreciation, and with bonus depreciation that number has gotten even bigger. But Dan, you may want say anything?
Dan Creeg: Yes, I mean, the only thing I would add is obviously from the credit perspective, power’s FFO to debts are well above the 30% threshold that we have with the rating agencies to hold our existing rating. So that’s not something that we get concerned about at all. We have an awful lot of financial strength there. But I think as you do look forward, we will see a shift in the fleet and maybe be that’s kind of what your question is getting at. We have got three new efficient combined cycle plants and if you look backwards, I said in my remarks that we have some of our HEDD units, those were older peaking units that were retired for environmental purposes and they are going to be replaced by new efficient combined cycle clean gas units. So the fleet really will take out a different look into the future and we will be more efficient and we will have a better profile and be more competitive in the market.
Praful Mehta: Got you. So as you see that fleet profile changing, are you seeing leverage levels kind of match that in terms of increasing given the quality of the new gas fleet that you’re kind of bringing on?
Dan Creeg: I think we will see some leverage increase by virtue of the spend that will have, but I think we will remain well above where we need to from the rating agency perspective. That capacity at Power is extremely strong and is expected to remain that way, and bonus depreciation helps on that side too. We have - on the Power side of the business, we have the benefits of bonus depreciation without the detriments of any rate base reduction.
Praful Mehta: Yes, absolutely, got it. And just secondly is a more philosophical question. As you think about the fate of Power with the consolidated business, is there at any point a view that this business needs to be a stand-alone entity or do you kind of see this more as part of the consolidated business in the next two, three year timeframe as well.
Ralph Izzo: So as I have said before, I do see over time, you’re not going to get me to pick a time frame now. I see these businesses separating, the strategic flexibility of both would be enhanced by doing that. Some of the tactical benefits is keeping them together right now, which is the financial synergy - financial complement that Power provides to utility, we have talked about power’s new plants, but for the past five years and for the next five years, it looks like the utility will be out-spending Power almost 3 to 1 and Power is a great source of equity for that with its funds from operation. Secondly, the complement and utility provide on the customer bill is a huge advantage to us. And the support cost synergies that exists with two companies are big advantage to us as well. But as Power grows in New England, as it grows in New York State and other places, it will need to use its own FFO for investment opportunities and that free cash flow that remains to help the utility will be decreased. There will be more customers that it will be serving outside of the utilities territory so, that complementary nature will decrease. And as they both grow, the corporate overhead vital functions that corporate support groups provide, will be a smaller piece of the overall operating budget. So I think over time, the tactical benefits of staying together decrease, and the strategic advantages of separating will increase. But we’re not there today. So, yet again - continue.
Praful Mehta: Okay. That's really helpful. And I know you're not talking timing, but I guess the benchmark or at least the milestones as we look for is, those three factors in terms of that strategic benefits as that I guess reduces in terms of the fit then the probability or likelihood of some timing of separation kind of increases. Is that a fair assessment?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so qualified yes to that. I mean, there is not magic date, there are a host of parameters one looks at, what are the market dynamics, what’s the composition of the shareholder base, are there other triggering events that could accelerate ones point of view of where the tactical benefits are now greatly reduced. So I don’t mean to be long-winded on it, but you ask a very complicated question albeit wrapped in some trout of simplicity that the Board of Directors looks at on a regular basis and so I am just giving you kind of a general point of view on that. But it’s fraught [ph] detailed analysis on a pretty regular basis.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Very helpful, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys, congrats on a good year. A couple of questions and these may be for Dan because some of them are kind of a little bit down in the weeds or in the nitty-gritty. Can you talk to us about the earnings or EBITDA contribution that maybe Power gets from things like trading or doing some of the optimization as part of the LIPA deal? And can you talk to us about the overall earnings Power you expect to get over time from the broader LIPA O&M services contract?
Ralph Izzo: Even though Dan can answer it, Michael I just want to point out that I try to pay attention to these things.
Michael Lapides: I totally understood Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: So, Power’s trading group is about a $0.01 a share for LIPA and all-in LIPA is grow to about $0.07 or $0.08, so I think the share will probably be closer to the $0.05 and then stepping up $0.07 or $0.08, $0.05 or $0.06 this year, close to $0.07 or $0.08 next year. But Dan go ahead and tell him I’m wrong if I am.
Dan Creeg: [indiscernible] right order of magnitude.
Ralph Izzo: Order of magnitude.
Dan Creeg: It will be $0.07 next year across the enterprise but there is just a small piece of that caught $0.01 or so that’s at the Power side of the business where that's coming from.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And do you get a significant margin from things like ancillary revenues or ancillary services in PJM or ISO-New England. Just trying to think about the components not just within BGS but within your broader margin in Power?
Dan Creeg: I don't have an ancillary number in front of me Michael, I don't know that we've kind of provided the breakdown of all the different components of how Power makes money and far and away the biggest pieces are your capacity margin and your energy margin. There is a host of different elements that we work our way through as we manage a portfolio as a whole. I mean if you’re kind of talking somewhere in the bucket of a $0.05 a share or something like that on the ancillaries that’s probably in order of magnitude number. But we haven't broken out a lot of the pieces beyond - the biggest pieces which I think gets folks most of the way home if you look at your capacity margins, we’re very transparent about that Math and provide that within the investor relations decks that we end up on together and the same with respect to energy side of the business.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And finally when we think about the combined cycle fleet at Power I mean you've seen a significant uptick in terms of how much they can run. Just curious from a physical standpoint, what do you think - I guess I'll use the word maximum output level like how high do think they can physically run from a capacity factor standpoint versus where they been running for the last 12 to 24 months?
Dan Creeg: I don't think that there is a physical limit to what they can do; I mean they are ultimately going to be off-line for maintenance just like any other facility would but there is nothing that snaps those plants from running as long as they are called. And it’s not a refueling outage like you would see at a nuclear plant where you would have to shut the unit down to refuel it but periodically there is major maintenance that goes on at these facilities were the unit needs to be worked on but I think we’ll have the advantage as well within the units that we have of having a kind of clean and new unit that won't have that effect over a period of time when it starts up.
Ralph Izzo: And don’t Michael, we've also had a couple of significant improvement programs on our combined cycles we’ve improved the gas path which has actually allowed us to stretch out the major maintenance cycles and modestly improve the heat rates. And I’ll double check the numbers, we’ll certainly show them in March but I think our forced outrage rates have dropped even while our capacity factors have gone up, which is always a great sign and that just means we are taking better care of the machines. So they're running at about 65%, 66% capacity factor now. You never want to promise 100% on any mechanical device but I have not picked up from any of our team that worried about us over taxing these units.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then last one, Ralph, just a little curious, your thoughts on the impact if any of the Ohio PPA contracts and what that means for that competitive market dynamics and design in PJM?
Ralph Izzo: So it depends on how that’s structured right, I mean, you're clearly - there was situation in New Jersey under what we call the LCAPP law there, their statute mandate is that winners of those contracts bid at zero and clear the auction and that was a just an egregious attempt to crush artificially capacity prices in the region. So we are participating in an industry group in Ohio to make sure that whatever is agreed upon doesn't artificially move the market in a way that disadvantage participants who don't have the protection of these contracts. I'd like to think that Ohio has been a long-standing supporter of competitive markets and whatever gets structured out there gets structured in that way. But what I’d like to think that we’re going to carefully monitor what actually is decided to maximize the chances that is indeed what happens.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks, Ralph, thanks, Dan. Much appreciated, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you. I was wondering if you could revisit the topic of bonus depreciation. I think you said that $1.3 billion at PSE&G and $1.7 billion overall was that 2015 to '18, first of all?
Dan Creeg: The $1.7 billion total is $1.2 billion to the utility and $500 million to Power. And that runs you out through ‘19. Most of the cash comes in through ‘18.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. So part of that you were - at the utility you were going to be accruing into the next case, is that generally the way you are going to deal with the bonus depreciation accounting at the utility?
Dan Creeg: Yeah, I think the way to think about it Gregg is that to the extent of transmission the impact of that will come through on a contemporaneous basis. So we will while bonus was approved after we filed our formula rate for the 2016 year, we know that it’s there and we’ll accrue that from an accounting perspective and we’ll do that true-up in future filings. But as we go forward you'll see that true-up every year with respect to the transmission piece of the bonus. Similarly, with elements related to Energy Strong, with elements related to GSMP, all the clause-related updates will take place as we file those contemporaneous and near contemporaneous filings. And then the balance of what's left which really sits with the base amount or PSE&G that will await the next rate case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Hi, thank you. I was wondering if you guys look across your entire CapEx program both Power and PSE&G, what parts of that make you most nervous? And either nervous that you would not meet the budget that you've set out or nervous that you wouldn't meet either the allowed returns or the hurdle rates that you've set out for those projects?
Ralph Izzo: If we're nervous about anything Travis, we make sure we take action to fix it so we don't stay nervous but I know you know that. I guess I'd say the biggest things that we pay attention to are regulatory and environmental mandates that don't add to the return expectations of our shareholders and quite candidly on occasion don't really benefit customers commensurate with the costs that need to be put into it. But other than that, as you well know, we show up at a lot of places to make acquisitions and to expand our asset base and invariably lose. So I don't think anyone would ever accuse us of being bullish or undisciplined in how we spend our money. And the good news is that most of that environmental spending is behind us. So we talked a lot about hey we're building three combined cycle units and let's make sure we have the team in place to manage those because they're not all within a city block of each other we've got one in Maryland, one in New Jersey, one in Connecticut and I probably spent an hour and half yesterday with our head of fossil talking about what his needs are and how we can make sure that those are met. So, I say in general, its mandates that don't produce the customer or shareholder benefit that the regulator thinks they do. Fortunately most of those are behind us and to the extent that if we didn't respond to the expanded construction program in Power, I would be nervous about that but we are responding and I guess the proof that I put forth for you on that is we have quadrupled in the past five years that transmission program and we've delivered those projects on schedule and on budget. So --.
Travis Miller: Okay, that's great and then more you mention the word retail in the past and just wondering if you could update if that’s still in the Lexicon strategy?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, it's still it is. But it remains in the Lexicon as a defensive move to help us make sure we can be more effective in managing our basis risk and key is going to go a long way to that and it's not a retail place so there are things we can do other than retail. But we are disciplined and cautious as you know I'm not a big fan of the retail business, I think everybody falls in love with it in the declining price environment that’s typically when you can make a lot of money in retail, it’s when prices rise and people are caught short for whatever reason that life isn't quite so pleasant. So we would look at it purely as a small part of our output truly for defensive purposes managing basis risk and we're still looking at that and working on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: I'm wondering if you could lay out what the year-end rate base was for transmission and then for the utility overall?
Ralph Izzo: I don't have that number - transmission was 40 something, 13.4 [ph] is the number we provided for the utility and I think 43% of that was transmission.
Stephen Byrd: Got it, thanks very much. And you’ve been - on solely you’ve been continuing to grow there, how do you see sort of the overall market opportunity there, ability to achieve further growth in solar?
Ralph Izzo: So, Stephen we've seen as I think you're aware we've carved out for ourselves kind of a modest sized portfolio really it’s the 250 megawatts DC I think consisted 14 or 15 projects. So these things range in size like 5 megawatts to 50 megawatts and many more closer to 5 than to 50. And we have very rigid return expectations they’re also supported by 25 to 30 year PPAs and they meet those return expectations. So, generally those returns are not available in some of the larger projects and we’ve developed a couple of partners who are really good about bringing those opportunities that they know we can execute on. So they're willing to work with us. I do see that continuing to grow, it’s mostly driven by state RPSs and I don't think we have baked in a number in terms of what size that will be. So when we talk about our capital program there isn’t a dollar of those projects in there yet. If I look back over the past three or four years, we’ve been pretty consistently doing anywhere from $100 million to $200 million of those projects.
Kathleen Lally: I was going to say I think that brings us to the end. I’m going to turn the call back over to Ralph at this time.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Kathleen. So, looking forward to see you all hopefully in two weeks but really I hope there are three key points to take away from what Dan and I talked about today. First of all, we are genuinely excited about Power’s positioning. We’ve long had low cost nuclear and we've had a pretty good highly efficient combined cycle fleet but in three years, we’re going to have just an outstanding highly efficient combined cycle fleet. And all of our assets are going to be well positioned and I mean well positioned in the broader sense of the word there will be near load, they’ll be clean, they’ll be diversified fleet. And we’ll continue to look at opportunities to improve upon that fleet but you really should recognize that we’ve talked for a long time now about these three new units and I don't foresee any circumstances at present that would suggest any additional new build on the horizon for us. Second point is the utility growth continues and we averaged 13% growth over the last five years and if you just take our ‘15 results and the midpoint of the utility guidance for ‘16, we're going to grow at 14%. And yet utility bills will go down yet again this year because of the expiration of some charges. So the utility will represent 60% of earnings at the midpoint and it's doing stuff that is very important to customers and will just continue marching along that path. So we had a good year is the final point and I think you'll find that when we get together on March 11 that the next five years look even better. So looking forward to explaining that further when we see you in New York. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - VP of IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman President & CEO Dan Creeg - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Travis Miller - Morningstar Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Sophie Karp - Citigroup Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Kelly and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 30, 2015, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 PM Eastern time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern time on November 6, 2015. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.PSEG.com.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning. Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. As you are aware, we released third quarter 2015 earnings statements earlier today. As mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website at www.PSEG.com, under the investor section.  We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by Company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015, is expected to be filed shortly. As, the earnings release and other matters that we discuss in today's call contain forward looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties and although we may elect to update those forward looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes, unless of course we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, and expectations, and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Group, and also joining Ralph on the call today is Dan Creeg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions and we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up to give everyone an opportunity to join us on the call. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Kathleen, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning we reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2015 of $0.80 per share, that's a 4% improvement over the $0.77 earned in 2014's third quarter. The results for the third quarter bring PSEG's operating earnings for the nine months ended September to $2.41 per share, which represents a 6% increase over the $2.27 per share earned during the first nine months of last year. Slides 4 and 5 contain the detail on the results for the third quarter and for the nine months. We delivered solid earnings in the third quarter and year-to-date, and we made excellent progress on our objectives for growing our business. PSE&G continues to deliver on the earnings promise of its expanded capital program and PSEG Power achieved solid operational and financial results driven by improved performance from its nuclear and combined cycle fleet. During the quarter, PSE&G recent agreement with the staff of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and the New Jersey Division of Rate Council that provided for PSE&G to invest $905 million over a three year period beginning next year to replace aging cast iron gas mains.  Approval by the BPU later this year will allow PSE&G to continue the work begun under Energy Strong, supporting a clean, safe, and reliable gas system well into the future. This agreement follows upon BPU's support earlier this year for a $95 million expansion of PSE&G's investment in energy efficiency programs. PSE&G's focus on improving the resiliency of the grid and increasing operational efficiency has translated once again into PSE&G being recognized as the most reliable utility in the Mid Atlantic region for the 14th consecutive year.  PSE&G's responsiveness was also recognized with receipt of the outstanding outage response time award for restoring customers 30% faster than any other large investor owned utility. This is by no means the end of the infrastructure and replacement needs for PSE&G and its customers. Turning to PSEG Power. It is increasing its investment in clean, efficient gas fired capacity. Power cleared a new 540 megawatt combined cycle gas plant at the Sewaren station as part of PJM's reliability pricing model base residual auction. The new unit represents an investment of about $625 million to $675 million. The development of new capacity at Sewaren is in addition to Power's announced plans to construct and operate a new 755-megawatt combined cycle unit at the Keys Energy Center in Maryland for between $825 million and $875 million. Both units are expected to achieve operational status in 2018. PSEG Power's $1.5 billion investment will expand its gas-fired combined cycle capacity in its core PJM market to approximately 3,800 megawatts as Power's overall gas-fired combined cycle capacity, which includes facilities in Bethlehem, New York grows to represent 4600 megawatts. PJM's capacity performance initiative under RPM provided the correct incentives for investment. PSEG Power cleared approximately 8,700 megawatts at an average price of $215 per megawatt day. Auction prices reflected the increased risk of nonperformance associated with the auction's new rules. Power adjusted its bidding strategy to reflect this new reality with an emphasis on availability and reliability under capacity performance. And we believe Power's fleet is well positioned to perform given its dispatch flexibility, diverse fuel mix, and anticipated improvement in efficiency. The new paradigm underlying PJM's capacity market is one sign of a more constructive regulatory environment for wholesale generating assets. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's notice of proposed rule-making on energy price formation issued in September is further recognition that rule changes may be required to appropriately compensate generation for the true cost of operation. Our total planned investment program covering PSE&G and Power for the five-year period ending in 2019 has expanded by 20% since the start of the year and now totals $15.6 billion. Our investments in PSE&G are expected to improve the resilience of the grid as we replace aging equipment and meet customer needs for reliability. Our investment programs are projected to result in annual double-digit growth in PSE&G's rate base for the coming five-year period. Our investment in PSEG Power should enhance our market position with improvements in the fleet's efficiency and reliability. In a word, we are executing well in a dynamic market. Based on the strength of our results, we are updating our guidance for 2015's operating earnings. We've narrowed our range for guidance as we've increased the lower end. For 2015, we are now forecasting operating earnings of $2.85 to $2.95 per share, which is different from our prior $2.80 to $2.95 per share. PSE&G has grown to represent more than half of our operating earnings as Power continues to provide strong free cash flow. We have maintained a disciplined approach to investing as our strong financial position supports growth without the need to issue equity. We intend to utilize our financial strength to meet the high standards for reliability expected by our customers and enhance the returns required by our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Dan to review our operating results in greater detail.
Dan Creeg: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. I'll review our quarterly operating earnings as well as the outlook for full-year results by subsidiary company. As Ralph noted, PSEG reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2015 of $0.80 per share versus $0.70 per share in the third quarter of last year. For the nine months ended September 30th, we reported operating earnings of $2.41 per share versus $2.27 per share last year. We provided you a waterfall chart on Slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 12 that provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. I'll now review each Company in more detail starting with PSE&G. As shown on Slide 14, the reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.44 per share compared with $0.39 per share a year ago. PSE&G's earnings in the third quarter reflect the benefit of warmer than normal weather and an increase in revenue associated with PSE&G's expanded capital program. The improvement in revenue more than offset a moderate increase in operating expenses. Returns from PSE&G's expanded investment in transmission added $0.03 per share to earnings in the quarter. Weather conditions, which were much warmer than normal and warmer than a year ago, provided PSE&G's earnings $0.02, improved PSE&G's earnings by $0.02 per share. Earnings comparisons also improved by $0.01 per share due to an increase in electric demand coupled with revenue recovery and infrastructure related investment programs. And consistent with the first half of the year, PSE&G experienced an increase in pension expense resulting in a reduction in the quarter-over-quarter earnings of $0.01 per share. Electric sales grew 7% during the third quarter as residential customers responded to temperatures which produced 38% higher temperature humidity index than levels experienced in the year-ago period and 19% higher than normal. And on a weather-normalized basis, electric sales advanced 8/10 of a percent in the quarter and 4/10 of a percent for the nine months ended September. Growth for the nine-month period is in line with our long-term expectations for weather normalized electric sales growth. As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G reached settlement in principal with the staff of the BPU and the New Jersey Division of Rate Council on the Company's gas system modernization program, or GSMP. The settlement provides for an investment of $905 million over a three year period beginning in 2016 and under the settlement we would invest $650 million in the program at a 975 return on equity with the remaining $255 million investment recovered as part of our next base rate case. And you may recall that we agreed as part of our Energy Strong program to file a base rate case no later than November 1, 2017. PSE&G with the addition of programs of proven pending has increased its investment program for the five year period ending in 2019 to $11.8 billion, and this represents a 10% increase in PSE&G's capital investment plans since the start of the year and should support estimated annual double digit growth in PSE&G's rate base over this time frame. PSE&G has also filed an update of its formula rate for transmission at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The update supports PSE&G's ability to earn its authorized return on an expanded capital base and would increase transmission revenues in 2016 by $146 million. Remember, PSE&G's investment in transmission is expected to grow to about 50% of its rate base by the end of 2019 versus approximately 40% at the end of 2014. We've increased our forecast of PSE&G's operating earnings for 2015 given strong year-to-date results and are now forecasting operating earnings of $785 million to $805 million versus $760 million to $775 million previously.  Now turning to Power. Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2015 of $0.33 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $401 million, and that's compared with operating earnings of $0.34 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $386 million for the third quarter of 2014. Power's results for the quarter reflect the impact of strong hedging and increase in operation from the gas fired combined cycle fleet, and an improvement in spark spreads which offset the effect of an expected decline in capacity prices. Higher average prices on energy hedges coupled with reduction in the cost of supply more than offset the impact on earnings of lower wholesale market prices for energy, and these items combine to increase Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.07 per share. This improvement in margin in the quarter was partially offset by an expected decline in PJM's capacity revenues which reduce Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.03 per share. The reduction in capacity revenues reflects the retirement of 1800 megawatts of older inefficient peaking capacity that was no longer compliant with environmental requirements. The average price received on PJM's capacity in the third quarter was in line with the year ago levels at $186 per megawatt day. Increase in O&M expense reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.03 per share. This increase in operating expenses primarily reflects differences in timing of outages at PSEGs Power's nuclear facilities and is not an indicator of a higher embedded level of expenses. Lastly, the absence of prior year tax benefits reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.02 per share. As Ralph mentioned, in August PJM completed the RPM capacity auction for the 2018, 2019 year. More than 98% of Power's capacity that cleared the auction met the new capacity performance or CP standards. The price Power will receive for capacity is expected to grow to $215 per megawatt day on average for the capacity year beginning June 1, 2018, from the $168 per megawatt day for the current year. On Slide 28, we have detail on the results of the latest capacity auction, including the number of megawatts that cleared the auction as well as the average price Power expects to receive for its capacity. Power cleared a new efficient combined cycle unit at Sewaren and plans to retire a similar amount of older inefficient steam units at that site. With the results of the latest auction, Power should see growth in its capacity revenues through 2018. The generating fleet's operational flexibility continues to be demonstrated during this period of low energy pricing. Improved performance from the nuclear fleet and increased production in the gas fired combined cycle fleet offset a decline in production at the coal fired stations. Our nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 95% for the quarter, producing 7.8 TWh of output, representing 53% of total generation. This also represents a 3% increase in output. Performance of the nuclear facilities benefited from the absence of repair work at Salem 2 in 2014 and showed improvement year-over-year in spite of an early start to the refueling outage at Peach Bottom 3. Production from the gas fired combined cycle fleet increased 7% to 5.4 TWh for the quarter, representing 36% of total generation. The fleet operated extremely well running at an average capacity factor of 73% during the quarter in response to market demand. Output also benefited from the completion of capacity enhancement work at the Linden and Bergen stations which added 94 megawatts to the two stations over the past year. Warmer than normal summer weather had a favorable impact on the dispatch of our peaking fleet as dispatch of our coal fired assets was affected by lower wholesale energy prices. Wholesale market energy prices during the quarter continue to reflect a decline in the price of gas based on an overabundance of gas supply in the region, strong production of gas from the Marcellus Basin coupled with insufficient takeaway pipeline capacity has not unexpectedly resulted in lower prices for gas. Power's combined cycle fleet benefited from its access to low cost gas supply in the summer and enjoyed strong spark spreads as power prices held up better than the price of gas. Power fleet is expected to produce energy at the lower end of its forecasted range of output for 2015 of 55 to 57 terawatt hours, reflecting reduced expectations for output from our coal-fired stations. This was slightly less than our prior forecast and would provide a nominal increase in output year-over-year. Approximately 80% to 85% of anticipated production for the fourth quarter is hedged at an average price of $52 per megawatt hour. Moving to 2016, Power has hedged 65% to 70% of its forecasted generation of 55 to 57 terawatt hours at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. For 2017 Power has hedged 35% to 40% of its forecasted generation of 55 to 57 terawatt hours at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. The percent of energy hedged in ‘16 and ‘17 is consistent with but at the lower end of the range for Power's prescribed ratable hedging policy. And the forecast for ’16 and ’17 continues to assume that 11 to 12 terawatt hours of annual output are hedged at BGS prices. Forecast range for Power's operating earnings for 2015 has been narrowed to $620 million to $650 million from the $620 million to $680 million prior range. This forecast of operating earnings represents adjusted EBITDA for the full year in the range of $1,545 billion to $1,595 billion. Now, turning to enterprise and other where we reported operating earnings of $11 million or $0.03 per share for the third quarter of 2015 versus operating earnings of $22 million or $0.04 per share in the third quarter of 2014 and the decline in operating earnings reflects the absence of prior year tax benefits at Energy Holdings partially offset by lower expenses and higher interest income at the parent. And the forecast for enterprise and other full-year earnings for 2015 remains $40 million to $50 million. And lastly relating to financing, PCG closed the quarter with $271 million of cash on its balance sheet with debt at the end of the quarter representing 41.5% of consolidated capital. PCG's five-year capital program has increased to $15.6 billion with the announced agreements for PSE&G and Power's plans to develop new capacity. PSE&G's capital program represents 75% of our planned capital expenditures with Power's capital program representing 25%. Given our strong balance sheet and expectations for Power's free cash flow generation, we're able to finance our capital requirements without the need to issue equity. So as mentioned, we are pleased to update our guidance for 2015's operating earnings to $2.85 to $2.95 per share and results in this range would represent the third year of growth in operating earnings. And we're now ready for your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Last quarter you were discussing potentially exploring the retail market and I was wondering if you had any update on that or any thoughts given the third quarter and what have you?
Ralph Izzo: Paul, it's Ralph. We did talk about it and we still are considering different options. Again to the extent that we think about retail, it's only in the context of the effectiveness of our hedges. This is not an offensive play. This is how do we make sure that assets that we own and operate in places like PS zone and in places like Eastern Mac and places like Bethlehem, New York, are effectively hedged when the liquid hub is at PJM west. So it's really just about the effectiveness of hedging and how to make sure that we optimize that. So, one thing we did to make sure we hedge effectively by purchasing the Keys Energy Center. That's not retail. That's a way to get at managing basis differentials and effective hedges. So we are still looking at it, but nothing imminent to announce.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then on the re-contracting and low cost of service -- again a good quarter for that. Given where you see things heading into 2016, any thoughts about how that -- how things look with respect to that?
Ralph Izzo: So that was definitely explicitly stated in Dan's point of you view, right. So we don't out guess the market. We have a very clear set of guidelines that we give our trading organization in terms of how much they can hedge in terms of max and mins, all based upon calculations of VaR and gross margin at risk, and we allow them to use their judgment in terms of how market sentiment might be affecting near term prices that may be slightly out of whack with respect to fundamentals, and we allow them to lean a little bit heavier in their hedging as they did last year which benefited us because prices did kind of come up pretty strong after last winter. And as Dan pointed out, right now we're a little bit lighter than we would typically be hedged in 2017, but still within our normal range, not taking a strong point of view that the market has this all wrong, but you can infer from that that we think maybe there's a little bit more bearishness in the market than is normally the case.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller: Real quick one. I want to clarify. Do you guys expect the BPU to decide on that gas replacement program later this year, is that right?
Ralph Izzo: We're told it's going to be on the November agenda.
Travis Miller: November agenda. Okay. Great. And then thinking more broadly here, those plants that you retired, what did you see during the summer in terms of how that capacity and ultimately energy at the peak levels was replaced? Were you guys picking up some of that? Were there other areas where you were seeing that replaced?
Ralph Izzo: Our Kearny peaking units did run during the summer. We did have to run our Hudson unit on gas during the summer, but Sewaren, the units that we replaced, did not run during the summer.
Travis Miller: Okay. So you're picking up that mostly with your other facilities, is that?
Ralph Izzo: That's right. We had some expansion in some of our combined cycle units which ran, our LM6000s ran, but the old steam units that sometimes in the past we had to turn on, we did not have to turn on this year.
Dan Creeg: A little bit of the peaking units were up as well. Coal units is where our volume was down. Our peakers picked up some of that volume.
Travis Miller: Okay. More strategically, how do you think now about enterprise and what you can do there when investments might go there, just that segment in general?
Ralph Izzo: Well, we see really two primary operating subsidiaries in power and in utility, Travis. The earnings that you see at enterprise really are borne out of some residual legacy leases on real estate that are very, very small and of course LIPA which is on an exactly as planned trajectory of starting out at $0.03, going to $0.08 by 2017. This year I think it's about $0.03 or $0.04. Next year that will go up to $0.06 or $0.07 and then $0.07 or $0.08 two years after as per the contract. There are no plans to put a lot up at the parent level in terms of new businesses. 
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, Ralph. Thank you guys for taking my question. I want to know if we should see what your investment in Power is for the next couple of years as a bit of a strategy shift or a bit of a view in the market? And the reason why I ask that is if I go back over the prior six or seven, six or eight years a lot of what you've done in Power is actually more of the harvest mode. Meaning, once you finish the environmental CapEx on Hudson and Mercer, a lot of what you had done at Power had either been divesting assets or realizing the significant cash flow, the free cash flow, that the remaining assets the large portfolio created. We're now seeing a little bit of a shift and now you're becoming much more of an investor in new assets, whether it's building on existing sites or buying development projects. Is that a do you think the market has changed type of view or is there some other structural view that you're trying to express in utilizing the cash flow that way versus other potential methodologies, either allocating it to the balance sheet or allocating it even more investment at E&G? Just curious.
Ralph Izzo: That's a very good question, Michael. We do get that from a lot of our investors so I thank you for giving us a chance to answer it. It is definitely not a strategy shift. We believe that both businesses are quite viable, quite strong, and need to be tended to in terms of their investment and growth opportunities. I think if you look at a short enough period of time, you could create whatever strategy you want to from a short enough period of time, but if I just take you back over the last five years, PSE&G made up about 80% of the capital program versus Power being 20%, and if I look ahead five years based on what I know today, that 80/20 becomes 75/25 and it's no more than that. So, if you think about Power the last five years, we spent $400 million operating nuclear units. We spent a couple $100 million dollars on peakers. We spent a couple $100 million dollars on advanced gas path upgrades. So, now we're not doing that. Instead, we're going to take an old steam unit that had 550 megawatts of capacity that there was no way it could survive in a CP future and said, okay, instead of just retiring that and leaving nothing there and losing the injection rights, let's build a combined cycle unit because we like the way those numbers look. Instead of upgrading, instead of expanding, we're going to build a natural gas combined cycle unit.  As I mentioned before when I was answering Paul's question, there's some changes going on in basis. We want to know how can we manage that better. We saw a great opportunity handling that in the key investment. At the same time we announced $1 billion in new utility investments between gas system maintenance modernization and energy efficiency, and as we pointed out that program at $300 million a year run rate has 30 years to go. We only got three years of approval. So what we have is do very strong businesses, both worthy of investment, both which we look at where we can maximize the benefit for our customers and achieve the return expectations of our shareholders. So really nothing has changed; absolutely understandable why people would ask the question. If you just looked at a three-month window, all the sudden you see, wow, Power's investing $1.6 billion and utility's investing $1 billion. but I don't think you should look at narrow short windows like that.
Michael Lapides: One other question, you talk about rate-based growth at the utilities, meaning double-digit rate base growth. Do you expect earnings growth to match rate base growth over time?
Ralph Izzo: So it will be close but it can't match it. So the reason for that is quite simple. I am so proud of our utility folks for controlling costs, but even in the best of years you have labor escalation in our union contracts that are like 2.5%. You just look at management wage growth of 2.5%, 3% and then you look at load growth on a weather-normalized basis of 0.4% on the electric side and I think it's 0.8% on the gas side. So you just do the arithmetic and the O&M expense outstrips the growth in load. So that bit of a drag peels away at some of the contemporaneous returns that you go get from the rate-based growth. That's why these things don't match perfectly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from the line of Sophie Karp with Citigroup.
Sophie Karp: Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask you about the nuclear economics as we continue to see very low gas environment obviously in the -- if this prevails do you see any meaningful change in the nuclear economics for your assets and does that change your view of their long-term strategy with respect to those assets?
Ralph Izzo: Sophie, it's an excellent question. Each of our units is over 1,000 megawatts. I think if you look at both fixed and variable O&M, I don't know if we've published the operating cost of them, but it is $37 a megawatt hour, both fixed and variable. If you look at nuclear fuel costs it's far, far, far less than that. So given our capacity prices, given our variable O&M costs, our units are absolutely fine. They'd be a lot finer if gas was at $8 and $10 an MMBtu. But as you well know, some of the challenges other units have had is, number one, their size in terms of their ability to spread their fixed cost and, number two, some of the distortions that are created by the production tax credit in particular from wind farms. That's not to minimize the competitive pressures associated with natural gas, but what we're seeing is margin compression and we're nowhere near a point operating at anything but positive margins for those units. I think there will be a period, I don't know how long that will be, of competitive pressure on them, but eventually there's going to be a price on carbon. I don't know if that's going to be under CPP or some other paradigm, and these units will be able to ride through these a little bit more difficult times without any problem and then really benefit from that carbon regimen in the future.
Sophie Karp: My other question was about transmission investments. Are you looking into any incremental transmission investment opportunities right now maybe through FERC order 1000 or any other transmission investments that are not currently in your plan or have not been contemplated previously?
Dan Creeg: So I mean the FERC 1000 process has been around for a while and I guess I would say has been gaining traction for a while. We've been through the most recent and first opportunity here within PJM and with Artificial Island. So, yes, we are definitely involved in them. I think a lot of the areas in the country are still formulating the best way to move into this new regimen, so I would say that the prognosis for large investments in the very near term in that regard are probably less, but I think over time it is still an area where we think we have the skills and expertise that we can bring to it and we think we can be very successful in that arena.
Ralph Izzo: And Sophie, it's important to realize that the $12 billion in the utilities prospective five-year capital program of which I think 60% or 70% is transmission. None of that is subject to FERC order 1000 competition. It's all stuff that doesn't meet the criteria for FERC 1000. The exception as Dan just implied is the $120 million of Artificial Island project that we won that's included in that number.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays.
Gregg Orrill: Ralph, you've talked about having an excess balance sheet capacity of $2 billion to $3 billion against your FFO to debt targets.
Ralph Izzo: Right.
Gregg Orrill: And where does stock buyback stand in the way you're thinking of using that money? Has anything changed about your thinking?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, thanks, Gregg, for the question. So nothing has changed really. We have this sort of three tiered prioritization on how to use the balance sheet. Number one is reinvesting in the business and we've been public about the fact that we will bid Bridgeport Harbor combined cycle unit in the upcoming forward capacity market in New England in February. I just mentioned a minute ago that the gas system needs $300 million per year and we have a three year program. If you subtract three from five that means there's two years that are unfunded in the plan right now. You may recall, Gregg, that we when we originally filed for Energy Strong goodness gracious two and half years ago we asked for $3.6 million as the first part of a five year program and we got $1.2 million approved and it was only put into a three year program, so that's halfway done already. And if you take 1.5 from 5, that means three and a half years of the five year program is unfunded, so there's $1 billion plus in investment opportunity there. So just looking at those three, Bridgeport Harbor, gas, and Energy Strong, you're looking at anywhere from $2.5 billion to $3 billion of investment opportunity that we've publicly discussed. Second thing is, look, let's face it, we know the utility's a steady grower but we know Power's in a commodity cyclical business and we know how important dividends are to our investors and we've been promising consistent growth in our dividend, so we'd like to make sure that balance sheet has a little bit of an ability to absorb some of the ebbs and flows of the commodity markets, so that's a second priority for us. And then, third but not one that we would never do but something that we talk about all the time, if our cost of capital is a little out of whack because the balance sheet is a little too robust and the investment opportunities are kind of far off, then let's think about share repurchase as a way to get that cost of capital back in line. So that really hasn't changed at all in terms of the three tier prioritization but perhaps a little more color on the details.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Mr. Creeg, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you very much. So, look, I hope your take away is the same as the message we were trying to deliver which is the Company is in great shape. Our fleet of plants, our nuclear units, our combined cycle units are running well. The utility is hitting all of its growth targets as it executes its capital program and the balance sheet remains very healthy. So, we hope that you all come out to meet Dan if you haven't met him just yet. He stepped right in and fabulous job for us, and we'll see you in Florida in two weeks. Thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar Research Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brandy, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, July 31, 2015, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 PM Eastern today until 11:30 PM Eastern on August 7, 2015. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning. Thank you for participating in our earnings call this morning. As you are all aware, we released second quarter 2015 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachments as mentioned are posted on our website at www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also have posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter and the first half of the year. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2015, is expected to be filed shortly. I won't go through the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating, earnings, and GAAP results, however, as you know the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes unless, of course, we are required to do so. Our release contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I'm now going to like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kathleen. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2015 of $0.57 per share, a 16% improvement over the $0.49 per share earned in 2014 second quarter. The results for the quarter bring operating earnings for the first half of 2015 to $1.61 per share, a 7% increase over operating earnings of $1.50 per share earned in 2014's first half. Slides 4 and 5 contain the detail on the results for the quarter in the first half. Our business is performing well and meeting the challenges of today's low energy price environment. The results for the quarter and first half of the year demonstrate the importance of strong operations in providing our customers with safe, reliable, low cost energy. PSE&G invested $1.3 billion during the first half of the year as part of its planned capital program for 2015 of $2.6 billion. This included upgrades to the electric and gas distribution and transmission system. PSE&G's focus on improving the resiliency of the grid and increasing operational efficiency has also translated into strong performance in a number of the areas of customer satisfaction including price, billing and payment, corporate citizenship and field service. PSE&G was recently assigned a share of the transmission upgrade work at Artificial Island. PJM's decision will increase PSE&G's transmission-related capital spending by $100 million to $130 million over the next four years. This project will add to PSE&G's robust pipeline of projects that will drive high single-digit growth in PSE&G's earnings over the three-year period ending in 2017. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities has begun proceedings related to PSE&G's proposed $1.6 billion Gas System Modernization Program. The investment would provide for a continuation of the work underway to replace 800 miles of cast iron and bare steel pipe over five years to enhance reliability and reduce the potential for harmful emissions of methane gas. Approval would also provide a direct boost to New Jersey's economy. We continue to believe that this is the right time to move forward with this work, given the sizeable savings customers continue to realize from low gas prices. PSEG Power's earnings demonstrate the strength of its asset mix. Recent economic investments have increased the capacity of existing nuclear and fossil units and have improved the fleet's operating efficiency. The completion of upgrade work at the gas-fired Bergen combined cycle unit yielded an increase in capacity of 31 megawatts, just as the completion of the first phase of the Peach Bottom upgrade which achieved 100% output at the new rating in May provided an additional 65 megawatts per Power's share of this nuclear unit. In addition, Power recently announced plans to construct and operate a new 755-megawatt combined cycle unit at the Keys Energy Center in Maryland at a cost of $825 million to $875 million. The investment is in keeping with Power's overall strategy of investing in efficient capacity in its core markets. All three investments will enhance Power's ability to perform on the PJM's recently approved capacity performance program. Capacity performance, with its emphasis on performance, is an example of how customer demands for reliability are increasing. The size of PSEG Power's fleet, the diversity of the fleet's fuel mix and its dispatch flexibility should support performance under the new capacity standards. The real impact of the changes in the RPM capacity auction should result over time as the market recognized the need for increased investment to maintain system reliability, particularly in light of anomalous weather patterns. We are focused on executing our investment strategies and expanding our infrastructure in a disciplined manner, a manner that supports the goals of customers and shareholders alike. PSE&G's investment program is expected to yield double-digit growth in rate base through 2019, as the earnings contribution from our regulated business should continue to exceed 50% of our consolidated earnings. PSEG Power's investment program is expected to enhance the fleet's efficiency and reliability as we continue to look for opportunities to expand that fleet. The potential investment in Artificial Island, actually the recently approved investment in Artificial Island, the announced acquisition of the Keys Energy Center and the gas system modernization program, if approved, would expand our previously announced capital program for 2015 through 2019 by 15% to 20%, or $2.2 billion. Based on the strength of our results for the first half of the year and the outlook for the remainder of the year, we are updating our earnings guidance for 2015. We have narrowed our range for guidance to $2.80 to $2.95 per share from its original $2.75 to $2.95 per share. Our financial position remains strong. The growth in capital spending can be financed without the need to issue equity. We intend to utilize our financial strength to pursue investments that enhance operating efficiency, support our market position, and seek to improve on the high levels of reliability expected by our customers as we increase shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline, who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Ralph, and thank you everyone for joining us today. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2015 of $0.57 per share versus operating earnings of $0.49 per share in last year's second quarter. We provide you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter on slide 4. And we've also provided you with a waterfall chart on slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on slide 12 provides you with changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. So, now I'll review each company in a bit more detail, starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2015 of $0.33 per share, compared with $0.30 per share for 2014's second quarter, a 10% improvement. Results for the quarter are shown on slide 14. PSE&G's operating results for the second quarter continued to benefit from the expansion of its capital program and the impact of warmer-than-normal weather on demand. Returns from PSE&G's expanded investment in transmission added $0.04 per share to earnings in the quarter. An increase in revenue at the start of the year under its transmission formula rate provides PSE&G the opportunity to continue to earn its allowed return on its transmission investments. Electric demand benefited from the more favorable weather conditions during the quarter, that is, the weather was hotter than normal and warmer than last year, as well as the recovery of costs associated with PSE&G's capital infrastructure programs. Together, these improved earnings comparisons in the quarter by a $0.01 per share. Gas deliveries continued to grow in response to sustained low prices. The growth in gas deliveries also increased earnings comparisons by $0.01 per share. The improvement in earnings associated with this growth and revenue was partially offset by an increase in pension expense as well as higher storm-related expenses, with those increases totaling an impact of $0.02 per share. An increase in taxes and other items reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.01 per share. Economic indicators in the service territories such as employment and housing are showing signs of improvement. Modest growth in electric demand is reflective of the improvement in economic conditions. On a weather-normalized basis, electric sales grew by 0.2% for the quarter and about the same year-to-date. Growth in demand by residential and commercial customers was partially offset by a decline in demand from industrial customers, but weather-normalized deliveries of gas grew 2.7% during the first half of the year in response to sustained low prices, something you'll recall we saw last year as well. PSE&G, as part of its annual BGSS filing with the New Jersey BPU, requested a further reduction of $70 million in annual revenues, reflecting its lower cost of gas supply. When placed into effect, the BGSS rate will be reduced to $0.40 per therm from $0.45 per therm effective October 1 of this year. And including this reduction, the typical residential gas customer has experienced a reduction in his or her bill of $792, or 47%, since January of 2009. PSE&G has maintained a steady level of capital expenditures, investing $1.3 billion in the first half of the year as part of its annual planned capital program of $2.6 billion in upgrades to the electric and gas distribution and transmission systems. The capital investment associated with PSE&G's share of recommended upgrades to the transmission system at Artificial Island will increase investment in the transmission by $100 million to $130 million during the 2016 to 2019 timeframe. So, we are updating our forecast for PSE&G's operating earnings for the year from $735 million to $775 million, to $760 million to $775 million. Given year-to-date results, operating earnings for the full year will be influenced by the summer weather, and of course the recovery of costs associated with higher levels of capital spending. Now, let's turn to Power. PSEG Power reported operating earnings of $0.22 per share for the second quarter of 2015, and adjusted EBITDA of $301 million, compared with operating earnings of $0.17 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $276 million for the second quarter of 2014. Power's operating results for the second quarter benefited from improved operations at its Nuclear and Fossil generating facilities, as well as higher prices on its hedged output and a decline in the cost of its gas supply. The benefit to earnings from the improvement in operations more than offset the impact on earnings from an expected decline in capacity revenue and the lower wholesale market prices for energy. Higher average prices on energy hedges, coupled with a reduction in the cost of supply, more than offset the impact on earnings of lower wholesale market prices for energy. These items combined to increase quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.10 per share. In addition, a 10% improvement in the output over the prior year increased quarterly earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share. So this improvement in margin was partially offset by the expected decline in PJM capacity revenues, which reduced Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.08 per share. The reduction in capacity revenues reflects the impact, both of a lower average capacity price and the retirement of capacity that we've talked about before, the capacity that's no longer compliant with environmental regulations. Higher levels of O&M and depreciation expense were offset by a decline in taxes of $0.03 per share, and other items, to net improve quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.01 per share. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter of approximately 23% versus last year's 31% was anticipated, and we continue to estimate that the tax rate for the full year will approximate 38%, which is about the same rate as you saw in 2014. The increase in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter is in line with the changes in earnings per share that I just went through on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The average price for capacity declined in the quarter to approximately $168 per megawatt-day from $217 per megawatt-day. In addition, the amount of capacity that cleared the PJM capacity auction for the 2015-2016 capacity year, which we've discussed over the past few years, was reduced by about 1,800 megawatts to 8,800 megawatts. And this reflects the retirement in May of this year of the HEDD peaking capacity that didn't meet New Jersey's nitrous oxide emissions standards. As we move through the second half of 2015, the average price received on PJM capacity will remain stable, relative to the average price received during the second half of 2014 at about $168 per megawatt-day. However, we should continue to expect on a year-over-year basis a decline in capacity revenues during the second half of the year specifically related to that retirement of capacity under HEDD. The fuel diversity and flexibility of Power's fleet of generating assets was demonstrated once again in the quarter. Our output increased 10% over a year-ago levels to 13.2 terawatt-hours. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 86%, producing 7.1 terawatt-hours of output, or about 54% of our generation. And this level of output represents a 9% improvement from year-ago levels. The performance on the nuclear fleet reflects the absence of some major repairs to Salem 2 in 2014, which led this year's fewer outage-related days in the second quarter. Production from the combined cycle gas fleet increased 26% this year to 4.6 terawatt-hours of generation or 34% of our total generation, as the fleet's capacity factor improved to 61% from 49% in the year-ago quarter. Linden's availability improved versus 2014 as the result of upgrade and maintenance work that was occurring in the year-ago quarter. Dispatch of the combined cycle fleet was also supported by the availability of low-cost gas. Dispatch of the coal fleet, however, was hurt by a decline in the price of gas and lower wholesale energy prices. Output from the coal fleet declined 1.3 terawatt-hours or 10% of generation during the quarter. Wholesale market energy prices have been affected by a decline in the price of gas and anomalies in the dispatch of generation associated with the volatility in pricing. Strong production of low-cost gas from Marcellus station and the lack of sufficient takeaway capacity, not unexpectedly, has resulted in a lower price for gas. The impact on power prices from the lower cost of gas has been further compounded this summer by repair work on electric transmission lines in the Maryland-D.C. area and differentials on load, given warmer-than-normal weather in Southern PJM versus the more normal demand experienced in the northern part of PJM. That inability to dispatch energy to meet demand as a result of the transmission constraints hurt the wholesale market price for power in our region. This situation is alleviated during periods of more normal weather-related demand in the areas served by PSEG Power. So the dynamics affecting the power markets were not wholly unexpected, given that lack of gas transmission takeaway capacity in the Marcellus basin and the work underway to alleviate the constraints on electric transmission to the south of us. Power's combined cycle fleet continue to benefit from its access to this low-cost gas supply during the second quarter. And since power prices held up and we continue to access lower cost gas, the combined cycle fleet experienced an expansion of spark spreads and Power's fleet will continue to benefit from low gas prices and a somewhat open gas position. As we look to the full year, the improvement in availability of Power's gas-fired and nuclear fleet combined with incremental operating capacity at the Peach Bottom 2 nuclear plant and the gas-fired Bergen Station should allow Power's fleet to produce energy at the upper end of our forecasted output for the year of 55 terawatt-hours to 57 terawatt-hours. This level of output represents a 1% to 5% increase over 2014's output of 54.2 terawatt-hours. Approximately 70% to 75% of anticipated production for the second half of the year is hedged at an average price of $53 per megawatt hour. The average price on Power's energy hedges remains the same, approximately $4 per megawatt hour higher than the average price received on energy hedged during the second half of 2014. For 2016 and 2017, Power's forecast output will remain stable at approximately 55 terawatt-hours to 57 terawatt-hours. Of this, Power has hedged 55% to 60% of 2016's forecasted generation at an average price of $51 per megawatt-hour and about 30% to 35% of 2017's forecasted level of generation is hedged at an average price of $50 per megawatt-hour. As Ralph mentioned, Power has acquired the rights to develop the 755-megawatt gas-fired combined cycle Keys Energy Center in Maryland. The addition of Keys, which represents an investment of approximately $825 million to $875 million, is targeted to enter commercial service in 2018. The plant's location, we believe, will complement Power's fleet in the core market and add to a fleet capable of meeting PJM's new capacity performance standards. The forecasted range of Power's operating earnings for 2015, even with lower wholesale energy prices, remains $620 million to $680 million as guidance, and for adjusted EBITDA, it remains unchanged as well, at $1.545 billion to $1.645 billion. Results for the remainder of the year will be influenced by higher average hedge prices, that declining capacity revenue that I mentioned, and wholesale energy market prices. Just a quick note on Enterprise and Other. Operating earnings for PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise in the second quarter of 2015 were $12 million, or $0.02 per share, versus operating earnings of $7 million, or a rounded $0.02 per share, for the second quarter of 2014. The improvement in the operating income for the second quarter reflects higher earnings from PSEG Long Island, lower O&M expense, and higher interest income at the parent. And we continue to forecast full-year operating earnings for PSEG Enterprise/Other of about $40 million to $45 million. PSEG closed the quarter ended June 30, 2015 with $597 million of cash on its balance sheet, with debt at the end of the quarter representing 41.9% of consolidated capital. During the quarter, PSE&G issued $350 million of 10-year secured medium term notes at an interest rate of 3% and $250 million of 30-year secured medium-term notes at an interest rate of 4.05%, and we also redeemed $300 million of maturing medium-term notes, yielding 2.7%. As Ralph mentioned, we've updated our forecasted operating earnings for the full year to $2.80 to $2.95 per share, given the strong operating results at both businesses in the first half of the year. Estimates of PSEG Power's adjusted EBITDA remain unchanged at $1.545 billion to $1.645 billion. Finally, just on a personal note, as you know, I announced a week ago my plans to retire from PSEG during the fourth quarter. I have really enjoyed working with all of you and, as I move on, I know that PSEG has an outstanding management team, led by Ralph Izzo, with a strong balance sheet and lots of opportunities to deploy it in the future, and possesses a really solid foundation for further growth. With that, we're now ready for your questions and I'll turn it back to you, Brandy.
Operator: Your first question is from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, good morning, guys. Can we just talk a little bit about the Keys plant and just your thought process on the capital allocation on that front, given the fact that you've looked at a variety of other brownfield type projects in generation that haven't passed muster from your cost of capital perspective?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Dan. So I think in general, we're somewhat cautious about injecting new supply into a market where demand isn't growing much. So most of the investments you've seen us make have been kind of upgrades to existing units, and we've talked a lot about (26:54) and replacement of existing units. This one is a little bit unique for us, in that A, it's not an existing asset, and B, it is a new development project. I think what makes this one a good fit for us is its location, it's in Southwestern MAAC, where we've seen some seasonal basis advantages. Number two, I think we're ahead of the market in terms of the future delivery of gas to that region, which will put a 6,400 heat rate unit in a very, very strong competitive position. And number three, this one went beyond the usual forecasting of forward price risk, and included an element of construction risk that we believe ourselves particularly well-suited to manage, given the project work we've done, both in power and in the utility, and how well that has all worked out. So for a combination of reasons, we were able to see clear to some value creation here that was different from other opportunities, where I can't believe people outbid us. So, I think what you hear me saying is that we remain cautious on injecting copious amounts of new supply in a market that's not growing, but this was a fairly special situation that we thought fit our portfolio rather nicely.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And given kind of your history of being pretty conservative on using capital, is your view effectively that the energy value of the asset is going to make sense for it, since you don't have the lock on capacity that you would have had if you had done Bridgeport or something else?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's right. I mean we did talk in the past about how we – we were attracted to the seven-year lock on capacity in New England. And this one obviously is more about sparks and energy margins than it is about a one-year price on capacity. But it will be clearly a CP-eligible unit.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And I guess Caroline, what – you've talked in the past about how much balance sheet capacity you guys thought you had to redeploy. How much you think you have left with the Keys investment and because it is more merchant, does that lower the amount more meaningfully than just the dollars going into the project?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, Dan, so we still have plenty of capacity when I think about – remember the slide we showed in March and we know we've talked about before, we add capacity and multiple billions of dollars both at POWER and at parent, parent mostly for regulated. When I look at where we landed at the end of the second quarter, actually similar to what we've talked about before, Power ends with – does it cap at 31%, FFO to debt number is well above our floor level. So, we didn't relax any standards here in doing the analysis for Keys. We will be able to finance that on Power's balance sheet and that doesn't use it up, right? So, when we talk about those balance sheet capacities, remember I've mentioned before that that's the most conservative way to look at them because we look at them assuming they don't start contributing any FFO back and when this goes in service, it certainly will. So, when we looked that Keys, we didn't look at it from the perspective of well, if we do Keys, we can't do anything else. We looked at it from the perspective of Keys is a really good project and by no means does it use up all of our balance sheet capacity. So, we can still continue to look at new opportunities for Power as well. So, I feel really comfortable that it's one balance sheet deployment, but it's not the only one we'll be able to do in either businesses.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, this wouldn't preclude the HEDD upgrades or something else then?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, no, not at all. We'll not preclude other things that we may be considering, not at all.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Well, Caroline, I trust we'll have you on the third quarter earnings call, so I won't say goodbye yet. And thank you guys.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Dan. Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, perhaps to follow-up on investment opportunities here. I'd be curious to – obviously we're moving forward or PJM is moving forward with Artificial Island at this point. I'd be curious to get your prospective on the future of FERC 1000 or FERC 1000-like investments in PJM. And specifically within that your views on the use of cost caps and just other mechanisms to be more "competitive," I suppose to what extent do you anticipate yourself and others continue to leverage those kinds of mechanisms to win as we saw with the Artificial Island example, and to what extent do you see that as impeding your ability or enhancing your ability to win, et cetera.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, it's interesting that I believe that PJM published an announcement that said that the identification of this project preceded the creation of Order 1000. So PJM did not feel obligated to achieve the strict terms of the tariff on Order 1000, which is a point that may be we would beg to differ on. Look, Julien, there is way to make this process look pretty. This was a painful process and I would like to chalk it up to the growing pains associated with Order 1000. My concern, and I've expressed this to FERC and to PJM, is that we may be heading for a ubiquitous dumbing down of the transmission system as opposed to robust solutions that have advantages over the long term. The cheapest solution in the short-term may not be the cheapest solutions of long term and I don't want to do get into a full-fledged debate over how you make comparisons across two projects. I still believe, based on everything that our engineering team has told us, that not only did we have a more robust solution, but we had a lower cost solution. So this is going to be challenging. I think efficient markets work when you have good information available to both suppliers and buyers and these are technically detailed, painful reviews done by a handful of assessors on the basis of a fairly robust set of bidders. It doesn't kind of lend itself to the transparency you see at the NYMEX on what's happening in gas markets. So I don't mean to give a speech, but it's showing some real challenges in terms of me having confidence that over the long term Order 1000 will yield a strong transmission system that won't be constantly second-guessed through a challenged – the quarters or more importantly over the long-term in the field as we head towards the least-cost solutions as opposed to the short-term least-cost solution.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And the complement – to complement that last question a little bit, PJM is talking about reducing their load forecast this cycle, given some adjustments for efficiency and solar et cetera. I'd be curious, does that impact your – A, your current spending plans, with B, your prospective plans when you are thinking about transmission, and obviously you guys are on the both sides of power and the wires business. What do you – how does that change your business at all, if you can elaborate?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So I think that PJM is still reviewing its re-forecasted load growth. And of course load growth is an important consideration in how one designs your delivery system. But don't underestimate this significant role played by the location of load and the location of supply in having to design the transmission system. I would contend, although I couldn't prove it to you in this call, that the reason why we've had such a strong need for transmission deployment is the fact that we no longer have an integrated system where utility planners go from generation all the way to the meter and PJM has had to respond to changes in supply, both in terms of unexpected retirements and unexpected injection of new supply. And that results in the need for an even more robust transmission system and one that you can plan from generation to user. Now, for Power, we had nearly all of this forecast in our fundamental model – or fundamental model already. So when we looked at something like Keys and when we looked at whatever else we might be bidding into RPM, we do scenario analysis that includes diminished demand as well as more robust growth. But well, one way of saying it, it's not a single variable model, it's not just what's the demand, it's – where is the load, where is the supply and what's happening to the infrastructure that connects all the above.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. Well, thank you.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Julien. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Good morning, thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Ralph, just a follow-up on that, the transmission discussion. When you think about the investments you're making, what's on the table, how close do those investments get us to kind of next generation grid, a grid where you can have distributable generation, smart type of grid? Is that kind of what you're talking about there, in terms of robustness and where we need to get to relative to the future?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I think it does get us a long way there Travis, but I think of it more as building a set of highways, so that no matter what happens on one highway you could switch over to another one and not get stuck in a traffic jam. Other people though I think talk about the future grid as being a more flexible grid so that you don't have to build big highways and you could just direct traffic flows along the back roads intelligently so that nothing gets clogged. And that's probably not the best analogy. But I think the Internet of Things is what people speak about in terms of the ability to move power more flexibly. I'm not a big believer in that being an eventual outcome because of the connectivity that you need at the last mile, so to speak. And I'm more of a believer in the types of things that PJM is advocating, which is – look, the backhaul has to be robust, so that people can get on and off, people in the form of power plants can get on and off that backhaul system.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Okay.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's a central station dispatch model on a robust high voltage system that I think is ultimately one that will be economically more efficient.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Sure. Okay. And then, more specifically on PSEG Power in the quarter, that re-contracting lower cost to serve, how one-time type of stuff is that? I'm guessing a lot of that was spark spread versus the BGS but the re-contracting part, what are you seeing on that part?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Travis. This is Caroline. So yes, remember that when we talk about re-contracting as well as lower cost to serve, we give you that hedging data, right, so we give you all the details on our hedging data. And as I just said, we've moved up our hedges a little bit and the prices are basically the same as where we are. So the hedges prove to be very valuable on a year-over-year basis. I remember last year at about this time we talked about the fact that we had taken advantage of some better pricing last year to put on some incremental hedges. Now hedging doesn't last forever, but when we see those opportunities we've layered on hedges as to beneficial prices and so re-contracting, that's kind of what that benefit is about. The lower cost to serve, obviously there is lower cost to serve in terms of the wholesale market prices, but also as I mentioned in my remarks, $0.02 of that is our Leidy gas access. So, having that access to Leidy gas after the customers and PSE&G have the first call in that access, that contributed $0.02 of share in this quarter and you remember that's contributed pennies each quarters of the key quarters in the summer particularly and for each of the last two years. Now that benefit is one that we've never said we expect to continue in perpetuity. But if you look at the delta of Leidy gas cost relative to Henry Hub, you'll still see benefit. And because we have that access, that's what gives us part of our lower cost to serve, is that Leidy access. And as I mentioned, we have higher spark spreads. We've talked about this last year in the summer, as well as starting in 2013 summer, that our spark spreads for our access to that low cost gas tended to be about 30% or more higher than the sparks seen in the overall market. So, some of the things are a hedge position, some things are a little more structural, but together, we think they give us a nice position, with a combined cycle fleet, obviously, that operates very well.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much, and congratulations on the work that you've done while you're at PG – PSE&G.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Travis. Next question?
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, good morning, and my congratulations to Caroline. And thank you for all your help.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But just firstly, could we get – maybe get an update on the gas main replacement program case? If I'm not wrong, the first round of settlement talks, which have happened in July; didn't seem there was a whole lot of opposition in the hearings. So, any updated thoughts on when we might see that come to a head?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jonathan. Thanks for your question. As you know, settlement discussions are confidential, so we can't give you a lot of detail. It's encouraging, though, that we've had them. And our hope really is that by year-end, or at the very latest early in 2016, we would have this resolved. As you correctly noted, it's something that the state recognizes needs to be done. The interventions in the case are not many, nor has there been any surprises. And I think lowering the supply tariff from $0.45 to $0.40 in October just once again points out the wisdom of doing this now. So, as I mentioned – as we've done visits with folks, I think that the debate and the arm-wrestling will be around the length of the program and the size, but we went out of our way to file conditions that were identical to what was approved at Energy Strong, and that was approved only 14 months ago. Interest rates are exactly where they were then, and return expectations are exactly where they were then. So right now, my number one nemesis is summer vacation schedules. So we'll – I think we have a couple more settlement dates that are on the calendar for the fall, and we're well on our way to spending the $250 million for gas that was in Energy Strong that goes through early 2016. So, we wouldn't be able – even if we had an agreement today, we wouldn't be able to add a bunch of new work in the next couple of weeks anyway.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is there – do you see a path, a route that – where it might wrap up before these fall dates, or is that unlikely?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, that's possible, I wouldn't want to bet anything that I hold near and dear to my heart on that. What we really want to do is make sure we get this done well in advance of running out of the Energy Strong money, so we don't have to demobilize the contractor workforce, so we don't put pencils down on the engineering. So we just have a continuous flow and so, if we got it done in the fall, that would certainly assure that. If we get it done by the end of the year, we should be able to do that. If it gets done early in 2016, then we create a bunch of inefficiencies that the customers end up paying for, which we'd rather avoid.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, one other topic, just strategically, you've always been of the view that the retail business is not somewhere you want to be. But we did notice one of your merchant power peers, who have been of a similar view, is evolving somewhat in that direction this quarter, and citing poor liquidity in the forecast. I was just wondering whether you're seeing similar challenges in terms of hedging, and whether there might be any change of thought on your part on the same?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I don't want to send off shockwaves in a third quarter call, I'm not a big fan of retail, but my short answer to your question is a qualified yes. I do think that, given challenges in hedging and matching those hedges with asset locations and some of the basis challenges one has seen, (44:34) the effectiveness of hedges has to be taken into consideration, in terms of whether or not some consideration has to be given to that. So, I don't know the details behind what Calpine did, but I can certainly understand why they would think of that, given the diminishing liquidity and the effectiveness of hedges in terms of where the consumption is and where the supply is, and where one hedges relative to those two. So – but again, please don't interpret this to expect any announcement in the next few days that PSEG is launching into the retail business, but it is something we are looking at now.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That you're at least exploring some options on that front there.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And mostly – absolutely from a defensive posture, about how do we maximize the effectiveness of our Power business, as opposed to retail being a new growth strategy or anything of that sort.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that makes it. Thank you.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Next question?
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats, and Caroline, congrats on your announcement.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Michael.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: One question on CP. Everybody – most people have been pretty bullish in terms of what the impact of CP would be. From a contrarian standpoint, what's the bear case?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I have no idea. I'm sorry, Michael. Caroline and I are looking at each other and like, no, you take it. No, I don't – so well, I guess I will default to our usual we don't forecast bullish or bearish prices. I guess the good news is today is July 31 and in 21 days we'll know the outcome. But I don't mean to be flip, I mean the bear case would be massive injection of new supply with an economy growing at 2.3%, demand growing at fractions of that. You'd have to be pretty undisciplined to inject a whole bunch of new supply but I guess that would be the bear case (46:49).
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Maybe there is a bear case if you are just a single asset, but we're a fleet, right?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right, right.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So it feels like this is a good product from our perspective.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that would be more of a bear outcome in terms of penalties that you may incur...
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right, right.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If you didn't perform, right.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: How do you think about – I means lots of people talk about the potential higher bid price because lots of assets – or portfolios have kept kind of "embed" the risk of having penalties into their bid price. How about the folks like you guys who have really well performing assets? How do you think about what the potential for rewards are? If you're on the other side, I mean this is going to be a balancing or settling type market just like New England. How do you think about preparing for what potential rewards could be, where you're not as focused on the penalty side, but maybe you're also focused on the – hey what's my upside, if I'm actually the better performing units in the market and able to deliver more megawatts than what I cleared.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So that happens in two ways, Michael. We do think about that a lot and think about what it means for us. One is I set a UCAP of 90% of what my ICAP is and I get the other 10% out of that particular unit, which successfully clear the auction. That's candidly an asymmetric risk-reward relationship right, because the downside is the 90% that's strung out for you, upside is the 10% of overall performance. But for somebody like us the more significant upside is in the units that don't clear and their availability to backstop in the event that somebody else underperforms within the LDA. So we never clear 100% of our units. And when we look at our nuclear plants, they have a very low forced outage rate, our combined cycle are slightly higher but still quite low and our LM6000s – our peaking units are also very low forced outage. And so we'll make some incremental investments in some of the units that don't have the same type of operating profile, but I think really for us we have not only that sort of even better performance than in the past, but probably more important is the fact that we have a bunch of units that don't clear the auction. Some of them with high forced outage rates, but will be great insurance policies going forward.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Ralph and Caroline, much appreciated.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from Ashar Khan with Visium (49:32). Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: I'm sorry, my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Ashar. (49:43) Next question?
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Ms. Dorsa, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Brandy. So, we tried to do a count – I think this is Caroline's 26th call. I've teamed up with her on 25, there was an August vacation I couldn't change if I remember correctly. She is going to tire of hearing me say these things, I'm not going to tire of saying these things and I'm going to do them for every one of the different audiences that we somehow manage to find ourselves in front of. I know you've all met Caroline and have been impressed by what she has done for us as a company. I can only tell you that no matter how high your opinion is of her, you probably only know a fraction of what she's done for us as a company and what she's done for me as the leader of this company. Her presentation – preparation for these calls is just the tip of the iceberg. Her discipline, day in and day out, her knowledge of the business, her knowledge of financial markets, and while all of that isn't superstar category, all of that pales in comparison to just what a pleasure she is to work with. (50:58) from the times when we've travelled around that people think that we actually like each other, but we really do like each other and I can remember the earliest days of those visits and in these calls, she would say, Ralph, you focus on the strategic issues, I'll answer the factual questions which was her delightfully professional way of saying, Ralph, you'll get it wrong (51:19). So Caroline, I can't say thank you enough for our shareholders, for our investors and for me and I know I have many opportunities to repeat that in front of employees, in front of customers and various other folks.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, thank you and thank you for all you've done. With that, we'll wrap up the call. Hope for a hot, sticky humid weather for the balance of this summer, and we'll see you, I'm sure, at various conferences. Thank you all for joining us today.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brandy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar Research Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Angela, and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, Friday, May 1, 2015, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 o'clock PM Eastern today until 11:30 PM Eastern on May 8, 2015. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Angela. Good morning. Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. As you are aware, we released our first quarter 2015 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website as mentioned, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, is expected to be filed shortly. I won't go through the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although, we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless, of course, we are required to do so. Our release today also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings, as well as a new non-GAAP disclosure of adjusted EBITDA for PSEG Power. Please refer to today's 8-K or the other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations for a reconciliation of operating earnings and adjusted EBITDA to GAAP results. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kathleen. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. PSEG performed extremely well in the first quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2015 of $1.04 per share, that's a 3% increase over the first quarter of 2014's operating earnings of $1.01 per share. PSE&G continues to achieve best-in-class growth as we expand investments that are helping meet our customers' needs and helping New Jersey achieving important goals. PSE&G invested $599 million in the first quarter as part of its planned capital investment for 2015 of $2.6 billion in upgrades to the electric and gas distribution, and transmission systems. PSE&G's capital program is on schedule and on budget. The Susquehanna-Roseland 500 kV transmission line is expected to be fully operational later this month. This will be a major achievement. SR's 2015 operational date is 12 years after the August 2003 blackout, and almost a decade after PJM identified the critical system needs required to upgrade aging infrastructure and relieve overloaded power lines. SR's completion is testament to the cooperative relationship between PSE&G and PPL Energy and the capability shown by PSE&G in navigating the lengthy permitting and licensing process at both the federal and state levels. PSE&G's investment in transmission represented 39% of its yearend 2014 rate base. And it is forecast to grow to represent an excess of 50% of rate base in five years. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities recently approved an expansion of PSE&G's successful energy efficiency programs. The investment of $95 million over the next three years will decrease energy costs for participants and lessen the environmental effects of energy supply. At the same time, given the structure of the program, PSE&G should be able to fully earn its authorized return of 9.75%. In addition, the recommendation by PJM staff earlier this week to award PSE&G a share of the work required to upgrade reliability at Artificial Island would increase spending on transmission by anywhere from $100 million to $130 million. The AI investment, the Artificial Island investment was not included in our capital program as described in our March Investor Conference. So this is additive to our prior forecasting of utility investment opportunities. We await the BPU's action later this year on PSE&G's request to invest $1.6 billion over the next five years to continue its long-term program to modernize its gas systems. PSE&G's Gas System Modernization Program would support the replacement of approximately 160 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel gas mains per year. The replacement program would reduce the risk of leaks and it would reduce the release of methane gas. PSE&G has been replacing and modernizing its gas pipe as part of the Energy Strong program. Approval of the Gas System Modernization program would support the extension of this work, and continue to provide a direct boost to New Jersey's economy with the creation of more than 500 jobs. We continue to believe that this is the optimal time to move ahead with this work, given the sizeable savings customers continue to realize from low gas prices, spending on this program, which further enhanced PSE&G's already strong growth platform. The first quarter results for Power demonstrate the quality of its asset mix. PSE&G's Power's earnings continue to benefit from strong operations and the capable management of its gas supply. The fleet's dispatch flexibility and diverse fuel mix supported operations during this past winter. The gas-fired combined cycle gas turbines fleet's availability improved quarter-over-quarter, following conclusion of work at Linden in 2014 to increase its capacity and with a continued focus on operations. This improvement in availability aided the fleet's ability to respond to market conditions. And Power continues to benefit from the management of its gas storage and transportation agreements, which also provide substantial savings to PSE&G's residential gas customers. In a related development, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has granted PJM's request to delay the RPM capacity auction. The delay provides more time for the FERC to consider PJM's proposed changes to the auction structure. We believe PJM's original Net CONE offer cap proposal was just and reasonable, but we support PJM's proposed alternative offer cap, which the FERC agrees would allow for bids up to approximately 85% of Net CONE. The FERC's approval of the proposed changes would recognize the need for increased investment to maintain system reliability. The weather conditions experienced over the past two years exposed the critical need to maintain and improve on the resiliency of our infrastructure, the need to replace aging equipment and maintain the level of service demanded by our customers. On a separate matter, I'm pleased with the outcome of the settlement we reached with our insurers over claims related to Superstorm Sandy losses. It's been more than two years since the storm affected our operations, but in the end we have been fully compensated for the insurable spending we made on Sandy related repairs. Our business model is working the way it should. Operational excellence produces the financial strength that allows us to invest in a disciplined way for growth. Our balance sheet is strong, the financial capability supports our current plans to invest $13 billion through 2019, and it is sufficient to support an expansion of this investment program without the need to issue equity. PSE&G's investment program is expected to yield double-digit growth in rate base through 2019, as the earnings contribution from our regulated business exceeds 50% of our consolidated earnings. PSEG Power's investment program is expected to enhance the fleet's efficiency and reliability, as we continue to look for opportunities to expand Power's fleet. The successful implementation of our investment plans will provide PSEG with a strong foundation to deliver customer satisfaction and shareholder value. Based on the strong start to the current year, both operationally and financially, 2015 would represent the third year of growth in PSEG's operating earnings. But given that it is still early in 2015, we are maintaining our forecast of operating earnings for the full year of $2.75 per share to $2.95 per share. We have a proven strategy, and a key contributor to our success is the dedication of our employees to meeting the needs of customers in a safe, reliable manner. Their skills and talent are what will propel us to achieve our long-term goals. With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the first quarter of $1.04 per share versus operating earnings of $1.01 per share in last year's first quarter. We've provided you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter on slide four. As you can see on slide eight, PSEG Power provided the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.55 per share compared with $0.58 per share last year. In addition, Power reported adjusted EBITDA of $626 million compared to $651 million last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.47 per share compared with $0.42 per share last year. PSEG Enterprise/Other or the parent contributed operating earnings of $0.02 per share compared with $0.01 per share for the first quarter of 2014. The waterfall chart on slide nine takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business, and I'll now review each company in a bit more detail. Let's turn to PSE&G. As shown on slide 11, PSE&G reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2015 of $0.47 per share, compared with $0.42 per share last year. PSE&G's earnings for the first quarter reflect the benefits of the increase in revenue associated with the expansion of its capital program, an increase in demand for gas, and the recovery of insurable storm costs from the settlement of Sandy-related insurance claims. PSE&G's expanded investment in transmission added $0.03 per share to earnings for the quarter. PSE&G is expected to invest $1.6 billion on transmission in 2015, and under PSE&G's formula rate, an increase in transmission revenue of $182 million was effective at the start of the year. This increase in revenue provides for recovery of known costs and appropriate returns associated with PSE&G's expanded transmission investment. The winter weather was significantly colder than normal and colder than a year ago. Of course, the gas weather-normalization clause negates the impact of weather on earnings from PSE&G's gas distribution business. However, growth in customer demand for gas normalized for weather added $0.01 per share to earnings. Quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons also benefited from a decline in operation and maintenance expense of $0.01 per share. Decline in O&M reflects the expensed portion of PSE&G share of the Sandy-related insurance settlement, and a decline in storm-related repair cost from the higher levels experienced in 2014's first quarter. Together, these more than offset the impact on O&M from an increase in pension expense. Economic indicators in the service area are modestly better than a year ago. Employment and housing indicators show signs of slow, but steady improvement. Electric demand has also shown modest improvement. And I stress the word modest in characterizing demand growth. On a weather-normalized basis, electric sales are estimated to have improved by 0.2% in the quarter and the improvement was led by a 0.6% growth from the commercial and industrial sector, which offset a decline in demand from residential customers. Gas deliveries on the other hand continue to benefit from sustained low commodity prices and the signals of recovery in the economy. Weather-normalized gas deliveries in the quarter grew by 0.4% based on a 1% improvement from the residential sector. PSE&G extended bill credits that it had provided for residential gas usage for the prior five months through April. The April bill credit cut the average bill for the typical residential customer by 32%. PSE&G received approval from the New Jersey BPU in April 2015 to increase its investment in energy efficiency. PSE&G will invest an additional $95 million over a three-year period at an authorized return on equity of 9.75%. The approval will allow PSE&G to expand its energy efficiency initiatives under several popular programs, and the structure under the agreement for revenue and cost recovery should allow PSE&G to fully earn its authorized return. We're maintaining our forecast of PSE&G's operating earnings for 2015 of $735 million to $775 million. PSE&G's earnings for the full year will be driven by the recovery of costs associated with higher levels of capital spending. Let's now move to PSEG Power. As shown on slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.55 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $626 million compared with $0.58 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $651 million for the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our operating earnings measure, as well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, and major maintenance at Power's fossil generation facilities. PSEG Power's strong operating results from the first quarter reflect an improvement in availability of its gas-fired combined cycle fleet, higher prices on its hedged energy output, and the monetization of its gas supply. Together, these help to offset the impact on earnings from a declining capacity revenue and lower wholesale market prices for energy. An increase in the average price received on energy hedges, coupled with an increase in the percent of energy hedged in the first quarter relative to a year ago, fully offset the impact of lower wholesale market prices on earnings. We expect a decline in average PJM capacity prices to $168 per megawatt day from $242 per megawatt day last year reduced Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.09 per share. Higher gas send out to commercial and industrial customers and strong margins on sales to the off system market in a response to the extreme weather conditions experienced throughout the quarter added $0.04 per share to quarter-over-quarter earnings. The absence of a charge in the prior year improved earnings comparisons by $0.03 per share. And lastly, earnings comparisons were reduced by a $0.01 per share, due to an increase in O&M expense. The changes in adjusted EBITDA are directly parallel the changes in earnings per share on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The earnings release on slide 16 provides you with detailed analysis on the impact of Power's – on Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter from changes in revenue and costs. Let me now just take a moment to mention our inclusion of adjusted EBITDA, as both new disclosure and new guidance. We know that many of you track one or both operating earnings and EBITDA for Power. And we thought that by giving you our EBITDA on the same basis as operating earnings and adjusted for fossil major maintenance expenses, this would give you a better window into Power's cash flow generation potential and value over the long term. We took out major maintenance at our Fossil plant, as this is a periodic cost versus the ongoing run rate. As I mentioned, the changes in operating earnings align with the changes in adjusted EBITDA. In other words, the reduction in EPS of $0.03 per share associated with lower wholesale energy market prices and slightly higher O&M equates directly to the $25 million reduction in adjusted EBITDA from $651 million in 2014's first quarter to $626 million in this quarter. I plan to talk about adjusted EBITDA every quarter as we go forward, to ensure we provide you with a consistent view as many of you use this for modeling purposes. Now let's turn for a few minutes to Power's operations. Essentially, this is a tale of two winters. As you remember, the past winter was one of the coldest on record and actually colder than 2014's winter. But this past winter was also characterized by improved availability of gas supply and fewer days of extreme weather than the year-ago period, which resulted in dramatically lower wholesale energy prices than a year ago, when the market reflected scarcity pricing for a much longer period of time. The decline in wholesale energy prices in the first quarter of 2015 from the first quarter of 2014 affected the financial performance of Power's assets that were opened to the market. The increase in the average price received on energy hedges of about $4 per megawatt hour on approximately 76% of generation hedged, help secure Power's margins during the first quarter. The net impact of the higher hedge price was offset somewhat by the need to meet increased demand under load-following contracts at fixed prices. The net impact on profitability of Power's load-following contracts however is not as severe as in the year-ago period for the reasons I just mentioned. Once again, Power's ability to monetize gas supply position offset these market – energy market impacts, resulting in only a slight decline in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter as I mentioned, to $626 million from last year's $651 million. The flexibility and fuel diversity of Power's fleet supported strong operations in the cold weather conditions experienced in the first quarter. Output of 14.5 terawatt hours was in line with year ago level. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 95%, producing 7.8 terawatt hours of output or 54% of generation. This is just a slight decline from year ago levels. Production from the combined cycle fleet increased to 3.9 terawatt hours or 27% of generation, and this represents a 16% increase in output versus 2014's first quarter. An improvement in the availability at Linden following work to increase the station's capacity, and the availability of the Bethlehem, New York facility with an increase in gas supply led to higher production from the combined cycle fleet. The combined cycle fleet's operation was also aided by its use of oil as backup supply to maintain operations during important critical periods. The coal stations performed in line with prior period, producing about 2.5 terawatt hours of energy or about 17% of generation. Finally, output from the peaking fleet declined in response to fewer days of extreme weather. Power is maintaining its forecasted output for 2015 of between 55 terawatt hours and 57 terawatt hours, a 1% to 5% increase over 2014's output of 54.2 terawatt hours. Approximately 70% to 75% of anticipated production for the April to December period of this year is hedged at an average price of $52 per megawatt hour. For 2016, Power has hedged between 50% and 55% of its forecast production of 55 terawatt hours to 57 terawatt hours at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. And for 2017, Power has hedged 25% to 30% of its forecast generation of 55 terawatt hours to 57 terawatt hours at an average price of $52 per megawatt hour. The hedge data for 2015 and 2016 continues to assume volumes hedged under BGS represent approximately 11 terawatt hours to 12 terawatt hours for each year. We continue to forecast operating earnings for Power in 2015 of $620 million to $680 million. The forecast of operating earnings represents forecast of adjusted EBITDA of $1.545 billion to $1.645 billion for the full year, which compares to $1.584 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2014. Results for the remainder of the year will be heavily influenced by an increase in the average price of hedged energy and the expected decline in year-over-year capacity revenue. I want to remind you that the average price Power receives for its PJM capacity is expected to remain at 168 megawatt – $168 per megawatt day for the capacity year, which begins on June 1st of 2015. At the same time, the number of megawatts of capacity for which Power receives revenue in PJM is expected to decline by 1,800 megawatts, and this reflects primarily the retirement of the HEDD units, which we've talked about before. Slide 17 provides more detail on generation in the quarter, as slide 21 provides detail on Power's hedged position. Now let me briefly address the operating results from Enterprise/Other. For the first quarter, PSEG Enterprise/Other reported operating earnings of $0.02 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.01 per share last year. The difference in operating income is primarily the result of favorable interest and other income, the contribution to income from PSEG Long Island, and a lease portfolio was steady quarter-over-quarter. And we continue to forecast full year operating earnings for 2015 from PSEG Enterprise/Other of $40 million to $45 million. Finally, just a word on the settlement of the Sandy insurance claims. As Ralph mentioned earlier, we're very pleased that we were able to reach a settlement of claims with our insurers for coverage of Superstorm Sandy-related losses. The settlement provides a total recovery of $264 million, an amount that fully compensates PSEG for insurable spending on Sandy-related repairs. PSEG received $50 million of this amount over the 2012-2013 period, which you probably remember our talking about. Of the remaining $214 million, PSEG recognized $159 million pre-tax in the first quarter's result under a partial settlement reached with insurers, and we will recognize an additional $54 million pre-tax in the second quarter. Power's share of the settlement proceeds are not included in operating earnings or adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter. As you recall, those expenses, when incurred, were not included in Power's operating earnings at that time. And this settlement fully closes out the claim related to Sandy. PSEG closed the quarter with $1 billion of cash on its balance sheet with debt at the end of March 31st of 2015 representing 41.5% of consolidated capital. The level of cash on the balance sheet is high relative to normal conditions, and this reflects the cash impact of bonus depreciation on taxes and includes the receipt of Sandy-related insurance proceeds, all both occurring, of course, at a time during the year when seasonal influences on demand have a favorable impact on cash balances. We remain in a position to finance our current capital program without the need for the issuance of equity and we look forward to seeking additional growth investments. We continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.75 to $2.95 per share. So that concludes my comments, and I'll now turn the call back over to Angela, our operator, to open up the line for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. Your first question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, good morning, guys. Good morning. Ralph, I was wondering if you could share your thoughts on the Artificial Island outcome. It went back and forth quite a bit. You guys got part of the project, but not all of what was originally awarded. How is that affecting your thoughts about future investment in transmission outside of the standard footprint opportunity?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dan. Good morning. We have a complaint pending at FERC on the way in which PJM followed the process. And I have met with – the FERC commission is telling them that, we're a little concerned with both the unevenness with which FERC Order 1000 is being implemented nationwide and the fits and starts with which it's being implemented specifically within PJM. And we specifically filed that before PJM staff recommendation came out, because we didn't want it to be viewed as a case of either potentially sour grapes if we didn't win or beating of our chest if we did win. So I think the best face you could put on this is that, it's a nascent program and it's undergoing some growing pains. I have some broader concerns about it that the success of any market is in, the fact that you have multiple buyers and multiple sellers, and you have visibility to pricing and the needs of customers. And this thing has not had any of those characteristics associated with it and it's hard for me to imagine that it will be the case when it gets applied nationally that the recharge here through the separate rule license. Having said that, we're going to proceed with the complaint that the PJM FERC (29:55) recommendation to just about $120 million of $260 million project or thereabouts of round numbers. So it doesn't change our enthusiasm for transmission investment and the importance of that as it pertains to customer reliability. But the FERC Order 1000 component transmission investment, I think, still has some significant work to be done.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And I guess just one other question. With CP hopefully advancing at this point, how are you guys looking at maybe generation related investment opportunities, and is there something you could do prospectively with repowering some of the old HEDD sites, if you're getting paid more for reliability than you have in the past?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Dan. That's definitely on the table. The FT4 engines, as you know, had problems with high energy delivery date KNOX (30:51) requirements. And with some SCR improvements, we believe that those would be economically viable. And our plan would be depending upon FERC's decision, if we think the auction could achieve the kind of prices that would eat down (31:03) justify those improvements, we would go ahead and make those improvements.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Do they seem more viable than maybe Bridgeport did earlier this year, because of lower capital dollars and maybe a little better visibility?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The only thing they have in common is that they are both power plants. As you know, Bridgeport is a combination of spark spread and capacity markets. And HEDD upgrade for SCR -- sorry for the alphabet soup -- is 99.9% of our capacity payments. They're highly inefficient units, and you would only need them for reliability, you wouldn't expect any energy margin from them. So, I could better answer that question once FERC decides on the rules, but at this point in time I'd say just that, they're not directly comparable.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you, guys.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Hi guys.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Real quick question about, wondering if you could talk about the possibility of getting a low carbon portfolio standard in New Jersey, and how that might impact CapEx?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thanks Michael. So, I don't see a separate and independent low carbon portfolio standard in New Jersey in the near term. I believe, if I'm not mistaken, the state's official response and comments to the EPA 111(d) proposal was questioning actually the legality of EPA's ability to implement the program. So looking at sort of the progress we've made on the RPS in the state, I believe New Jersey is intent to proceed along those lines, as opposed to doing something more comprehensive in the form of using an energy efficiency standard or a carbon standard. As you know, we have consistently and still feel this way, believed that a nationwide carbon program is required, and that states going alone, creates all sorts of economic distortions. That doesn't change our point of view, however, that there is a need for the carbon standard nationwide.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Right. And have you guys specifically mentioned, what you're going to do with proceeds from Sandy insurance recoveries?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. This is Caroline. Good morning, Michael. So no, we haven't – we haven't specifically earmarked them for things, of course money – I mentioned we're getting reimbursement, a lot of money was spent for Sandy recovery. So this fully compensates us. That money large part already spent. So the dollars that come in here really just support the strength of the balance sheet that we have and the reinvestment that we're making in new things at the utility and potential new opportunities at Power. So it just gives us more strength to pursue more growth opportunities and very pleased to have the settlement behind us.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Sure. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a few quick things. I notice that the deficiency letter, that the response that PJM made to it, there was – they didn't seem to have a problem with stop loss limits on the penalties removed, and I think you guys and maybe Exelon – I'm not sure, and tell me if I'm wrong, are not opposed to that, whereas some generators are, and I was just wondering, if you could give us a feel as to what you think might happen if those limits are removed?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If the limits are removed, in general, Paul, I think that the greater the potential for reward which comes along with greater risk, the better it is for us. We have a highly – a high performing fleet and what's important is both halves of that sentence, A, the first half being that they're high performing and second that it's a fleet. So the interchangeability of assets that do clear the auction with assets that don't clear the auction, the fuel flexibility, the different technologies we have, all give us greater and greater confidence about the ability of the assets to perform. So to the extent that penalties become tougher, or limits get removed, one would only expect that the reward would be commensurate with that risk, and we would perform well in that market.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right, no, I can see that. I guess I'm wondering if you have any sense as to quantifiably, or just obviously approximate just general idea about how much that might impact?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't try. Even when the rules are clear, we don't predict the outcome of the auction.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's true.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The rules aren't clear. (35:45)
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I think that actually satisfies the second question that I had, then, and that's it, I guess. Thanks so much.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Good morning. Thank you.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Looking at the slide 19, want to make sure I clearly understand this. The Power fuel costs, look at that oil and gas line. So generation in the quarter was up, and yet saw a substantial reduction there in that fuel cost. So I'm wondering if you could just go through that, and how sustainable that is? It's polar vortex related, or something else?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So you're right, exactly right, Travis. I mean, you think about where gas prices were last year and where gas prices are this year, they are lower. And so, you see that come right through that line. Of course oil prices were lower too, but gas is the predominant – predominant fuel here. You're seeing that directly come into that line. Remember, I also mentioned that the prices for wholesale energy were lower and that goes along with that, right. So get lower gas prices and lower power prices, preserves spark spread for us and that's what also commented on the value that our hedges provided this year on a year-over-year basis because of that reduction. That is directly related to the observable market price for gas versus last year.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Got it. Is any of that gas monetization benefit in that number, in terms of reducing the fuel costs?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. This is just the pure fuel cost, and cost of goods sold.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Okay, and is it sustainable? Do you think you'd see trends like this over the next couple quarters? Is this a one-off...
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So that's really gas price forecast question, right. So we really just use what's in the forward curve when we think about gas prices going forward. The important thing to keep in mind though is we've got the base load is hedged, right, in the current year. So we're really talking about what's happening in the combined cycle, and therefore their ability to preserve the spark spread because of how gas moves, protects us to an extent, but other than using the forward curve, it's really hard to predict gas prices.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Great. Thanks so much.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Shar.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities: So if you take your energy strong program, combine it with gas modernization, sort of what is that – how many miles does that cover, as far as replacement of the cast iron steel pipes, and sort of where do you see that program expanding to?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I believe it's about 150 miles per year, and it would take us 30 years.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities: Okay. Got it.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So the (38:31) gas system is closer to 800 miles, but it would take us 30 years at that spending rate to replace everything.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities: Okay, got it. And one just reminder, what do you – as far as, your transmission ROE's right now? What are you earning on?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So it varies. Shar, it's – our base ROE is 11.18%. We get a 50 basis points RTO membership adder for 11.68%. We had, I guess, we still have a couple of projects that get anywhere from 25 basis points to 125 basis points in addition. However, our last four or five projects that we filed for have not received any incremental ROE incentive component. So a long-awaited answer, but there is no one simple number. It starts at 11.18%, it goes up to 12.75% or something like that, that being the Susquehanna-Roseland project being the only one that got that big an adder.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities: Got it, and if you'd think about it from a weighted average, it's still within the range of reasonableness that you're seeing? (39:34)
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It comes down to about 11.7%, which is just a fraction of a bit outside the range of reasonableness.
Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities: Perfect, thanks so much.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Our next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well good morning, guys.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Could you, I think you said that the amount of this Hurricane Sandy recovery that was left in the operating numbers of the utility was $0.03, roughly, in the first quarter, but there would be some amount in the second quarter, but I don't think you gave us a breakdown of how much was in Power and how much was Utility.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. So sure, Jonathan. So the impact to PSE&G's earnings for the first quarter benefited $0.01 to the benefit of O&M from the Sandy recovery that goes to PSE&G. The remaining piece of the settlement that we have – the remaining about $54 million, we have to go through the allocation process, and we will do that and we'll discuss how that will flow when we do the second quarter results. So a couple of things to remember. So on the Power side, we don't flow it through operating earnings, that's below the line, which you can see in the reconciliation. We don't do that because Power spend was below the line as well. And on the Utility side, remember that the recoveries that we got, including a portion of the $50 million – a small portion of that was for PSE&G in the past, goes primarily to balance sheet because a lot of the spend for storm recovery that's recoverable under our policy's capital spend and that's on the balance sheet. So there is balance sheet or regulatory asset offset, and just $0.01 of impact for the P&L from the first quarter for Sandy at PSE&G, and we'll do the second quarter piece when we do the second quarter results.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, but it sounds like it's unlikely to be that material to the year in the context of the guidance or what have you.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think that's right in the context of guidance, correct, right. So you've seen now we're almost done with the Sandy settlement being booked, with just $54 million to go and you've got a big piece already booked in the first quarter and the P&L impact for operating earnings purposes was just $0.01. So I think, proportionally you're thinking of it the right way.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then just on one other topic. We've obviously, it's very – just recently, we're seeing the change in the dispatch or at least the generation stack with some of the coal plants no longer there. What are you guys seeing in terms of just day-to-day, as you come into this front end of the summer? Are there noticeable changes in operations or the units of the shopping (42:19) just not really participating already? What are you seeing in the markets?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, Jonathan. I think one of our slides shows you the capacity factors, and we had a slight dip in nuclear capacity that was purely related to an outage at Salem that wasn't planned, for and otherwise the units would have been at or better than last year in terms of nuclear. Our gas units picked up the slack from some of that, as well as some of the lower prices that Travis paid attention to earlier, but the base load coal units Keystone, Conemaugh had a strong winter season. Prices weren't – gas prices were not below that fateful $1.90 number of 2012 that resulted in some of the dispatch of those, and of course our New Jersey coal units as well as our Connecticut coal units did run a little bit during the winter months because of the unavailability. The head unit saw peakers (43:15) using the demand at the level that they would be called upon. So really no change in terms of the numbers this year from any kind of a fundamental shift in the market that we haven't over the past four years or five years.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Ralph, I was actually a bit more curious about sort of post the mid-April date, where MAPS (43:38) went into effect. It's obviously not in the quarter, so whether there's anyone that could just talk about more real-time?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think so. I think if anything the forward price curve would suggest that we'll continue to see robust capacity factors for our combined cycle gas turbine units, and nuclear units will run flat out. I mean that's pretty much the same.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you very much.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great start to the year. Two items. One on the regulated side. Can you just highlight for us what's different in CapEx known for the next few years at E&G today, versus what you talked about at the Analyst Day? Several moving parts, just want to make sure we have them all.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Michael. The one thing that's different that has been a – so what we like to show you in the March meeting is what's been approved. So, notwithstanding our complaint in front of FERC, there's $120 million – Caroline correctly described it as $110 million to $130 million in Artificial Island was not included in the March Investor Presentation as baked in. Similarly, so that's the only change of things that have been finalized and are now part of the plan. The other piece that's significantly different is that, we filed, have not received approval for $1.6 billion over the next five years in this gas system modernization program, and that's not in the utilities capital program that we showed you in March.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. The other question, thinking about your coal plants in New Jersey, so moving over to Power. Not running a lot, haven't been for a year or two. Just where are you, if at all, in the process of thinking about whether these plants will remain economic? And if not, kind of how on the edge are they, or are they clearly economic? And when you look out for the next three to five, five to seven years, they're a core part of Power's fleet?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Could you just hold on a second, Mike. I want to get my controller off the floor, he fell down. Obviously, those plants have – we made significant environmental commitments to them, and the capital requirements going forward on those plants from any kind of regulatory point of view are minimal. The real question will be, their age and their ability to perform in a CP market and the rules there are just aren't known. So to the extent that the risk reward profile of CP changes our thinking on those plants then we would – we have to address that issue. But as of now, we're happy to run them on coal in the winter and on gas in the summer, and they do just fine for us. They are part of an overall fleet, and that fleet has multiple dimensions to it that work well for us from (46:49). But I said that the new factor in the calculus will be what does CP mean?
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Last question. Can you just remind us the amount of the HEDD units in terms of megawatts, that are going or went off line?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: 1500 megawatts.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Ralph, much appreciated.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Sure, next question.
Operator: Mr. Izzo and Ms. Dorsa, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Perhaps, this is – we're finishing ahead of schedule. Thank you all for joining us. I really do hope you view this as kind of a quintessential quarter for us as opposed to anything special. I grant you we didn't have anything fancy to tell you about just steady progress in terms of new investment opportunities at the utility and solid operations all around the company. In other words, what we like to do is just deliver on our commitments, and then some. I know that Caroline and Kathleen and to a lesser extent I, will be on the road over the next couple of months and we look forward to seeing you until then just enjoy your spring. Thank you all.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar Research Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brandy, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 20, 2015, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Time on February 27, 2015. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our call today. As you are aware, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings results earlier this morning. The release and attachments, as mentioned, are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 is expected to be filed shortly. I don't typically read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer regards forward-looking statements, detailing a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change unless, of course, we are required to do so by applicable securities laws. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand trends. But I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kathleen. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported operating earnings for the full year 2014. I'm pleased to report – actually I'm more than pleased to report that 2014 was a year in which we continued to make progress on our plans to deliver for our customers and shareholders. Operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.49 per share, which equaled the $0.49 per share earned in 2013's fourth quarter, bringing results for the full year to $2.76 per share or 7% greater than 2013's operating earnings of $2.58 per share. And it was above our guidance of $2.60 to $2.75 per share. Our results are benefiting from disciplined capital allocation. PSE&G, our utility, achieved double-digit growth in earnings, adding to our track record of five years of 18% compound annual growth. As a result of an expanded capital program, earnings from our regulated company grew to represent 52% of our consolidated operating earnings, as PSE&G's investment in transmission has grown to represent 39% of its $11.4 billion rate base. PSEG Power's successful management of its operations, including its gas supply arrangements, supported earnings in excess of guidance for the full year and delivered substantial savings to PSE&G's customers. In addition to being a successful year for delivering on earnings, we achieved success in many areas that will provide a lasting foundation for customer satisfaction and shareholder value. By way of a reminder, we received approval to invest $1.2 billion in Energy Strong, a program that will improve the resiliency of our electric and gas distribution systems. We have begun the work on replacing and modernizing 250 miles of gas pipe and have begun the engineering and scheduling associated with upgrading and enhancing our electric substation. The investments under the Energy Strong program, as you'll recall, will take place over a period of three years to five years. We're also executing well on our transmission investment program. We completed construction of two 230 kilovolt transmission lines during the year, as well as the New Jersey portion of the 500 kV Susquehanna-Roseland line. We expect the full Susquehanna-Roseland line to go into service this year, when the Pennsylvania portion of S-R is completed. The investment in transmission will support the reliable service our customers have come to expect and provide an important boost to New Jersey's economy, as it also adds to PSE&G's growth. PSE&G once again was named the Mid-Atlantic regions' Most Reliable Electric Utility. This is the 13th consecutive year that PSE&G's capabilities have been recognized. In addition to that, for the first time in its history, PSE&G received J.D. Power's award for highest customer satisfaction for both electric and gas business service among large utilities in the region. This recognition, while important in itself, we think recognizes that PSE&G has always kept the needs of its customers uppermost as we pursue our major growth initiatives. But 2014 was not just a year of PSE&G accomplishment. PSEG Power's combined cycle fleet produced at record levels as Power's fossil fleet achieved the safety performance in a tough 10% of the industry. We successfully grew PSEG solar sources portfolio. In 2014, we added projects in three states that expanded solar sources portfolio to 123 megawatts of clean renewable energy. And we had a successful first year of operating the electric system of the Long Island Power Authority. I'm particularly pleased with the efforts of our PSEG Long Island team. We're rewarded with the major improvement in customer satisfaction scores. But let me be clear, this is only the beginning of a multiyear journey for us on Long Island. Our core strategy focused on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment is anticipated to yield a third year of growth in operating earnings over the coming year. For 2015, we are initiating operating earnings guidance of $2.75 to $2.95 per share. PSE&G's expanded investment in transmission is expected to support continued growth in operating earnings in 2015, as PSE&G's results for the full year are expected to represent more than 50% of consolidated earnings. PSEG Power is expected to report operating earnings in line with its strong 2014 results. The investments made by PSEG Power are expected to enhance the competitiveness of its environmentally well-positioned fleet, capacity upgrades at our gas-fired combined cycle fleet, and that our nuclear units will increase the fleets output as Power's investment in the PennEast Pipeline enhances its already strong access to low cost gas from the Marcellus region. PSEG Power's fleet has the characteristics envisioned by PGM's proposed standards for capacity performance. Its diversity in dispatch and fuel mix as well as the alternative fuel capability mitigates operating risk. Power's investment program will be focused on improving its reliability during periods of stress on the system. We also look to expand the fleet when it's financially attractive. We were disappointed that our bid to construct the new 475 megawatt combined-cycle plant at our Bridgeport Harbor site in Connecticut didn't clear the New England ISO's recent capacity auction. However, we haven't abandoned this work and we'll invest when the markets support its development. The strategy we implemented has yielded growth. We have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities that will support further expansion of our capital program over the next five years. The program is expected to yield double-digit growth in PSE&G's rate base, as we maintain the operating strength of Power's generating assets. We will update you on our capital spending plans on March 2. Our financial position remained strong. An acknowledgment of our success and the strength of our platform going forward was the recent decision by our Board of Directors to meaningfully increase the common dividend by 5.4% to the indicative annual level of $1.56 per share. We see the potential for consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend given our business mix. Our continued positive cash flow from our generation business and our strong financial position, all supports this dividend philosophy. We've made significant strides in meeting our objectives for growth, as we also satisfy customer requirements and we're not done. Of course, none of this would be possible without the contribution made by PSEG's dedicated employees to our continued success. I look forward to discussing our investment outlook in greater detail with you at our March 2 Annual Financial Conference. I will now turn the call over to Caroline for more details on our results and we'll be available to answer your questions after her remarks.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Ralph and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.49 per share equal to operating earnings of $0.49 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Our earnings for the fourth quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $2.76 per share versus operating earnings for 2013 of $2.58 per share, or 7% growth. On slide 4, we have provided you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to net income for the quarter. And as you can see on slide 10, PSE&G provided largest contribution to earnings for the quarter. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.32 per share compared to $0.29 per share last year. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.18 per share, compared with $0.23 per share last year. Enterprise/Other reported a small loss in operating earnings for the fourth quarter of a $0.01 per share versus the operating loss of $0.03 per share reported in the fourth quarter of 2013. We've provided you with waterfall charts on slides 11 and 13 to take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year operating earnings by major business. So now, I will review each company in a bit more detail, starting with PSE&G. As I mentioned, PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2014 of $0.32 per share, compared with $0.29 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013 as we show on slide 15. PSE&G's full year 2014 operating earnings were $725 million or $1.43 per share, compared with operating earnings of $612 million or $1.21 per share for 2013 for growth of 18%. PSE&G's earnings in the fourth quarter benefited from lower operating expenses including pension and a return on its expanded capital infrastructure program, which more than offset the impact of mild weather on sales. PSE&G's investment in transmission infrastructure increased this quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.02 per share. The earnings improvement related to the investment in transmission in the fourth quarter was less than the earnings increases you've seen during each of the first three quarters of the year, and this reflects a reduction in PSE&G's rate base at year-end associated with the deferred tax impact of the expansion of bonus depreciation. PSE&G's tight control of its operating expenses, including lower pension expense, resulted in a quarter-over-quarter increase in earnings of $0.04 per share. The continued improvement in weather normalized gas volume and demand, which improved quarter-over-quarter earnings by a $0.01 per share, was offset by a similar decline in electric volume and demand. And although you wouldn't think it on a day like today, weather was actually mild relative to normal and relative to the prior year on the net reduced earnings comparisons by about a $0.01 per share. Earnings comparisons were also affected by the absence of $0.02 per share to tax related change which benefited earnings in the prior year. Economic conditions continued to exhibit signs of an improvement in the service area, which is good news. On a weather normalized basis, gas deliveries are estimated to have increased 1% in the quarter and 3.1% for the year. Demand continues to benefit from a decline in the cost of gas, which is passed on to our residential customers and an improvement in economic growth. PSE&G announced earlier this month that it would extend through March of 2015 the credits against gas bills that it had already provided to residential customers for the months of November, December and January. A typical residential customer with these credits would experience savings on their total bill over the five months of approximately 31% or $210. Electric sales on a weather normalized basis are estimated to have declined 2.3% in the fourth quarter. The decline in the quarter reflects a number of winter storms at the end of 2013, the increased residential consumption in that year, as well as decreases in demand this quarter from some large industrial customers. By the way, weather normalization is generally good for temperature, but unfortunately there is not really a good way to adjust for storms. Overall, there was a 0.3% increase in weather normalized electric demand for the year, which we think is indicative of improving economic conditions, partially offset by continued customer conservation. PSE&G implemented an increase in transmission revenue of $182 million effective on January 1 of this year. The increase in revenue under PSE&G's transmission formula rate will provide PSE&G with recovery off and a return on its forecast of transmission-related capital expenditures through the year. PSE&G's investment in transmission grew to $4.5 billion at the end of 2014 or 39% of the company's consolidated rate base of $11.4 billion, and transmission is forecasted to be well over 40% of rate base as we go forward. Let me just mention the impact of bonus depreciation. The expansion of bonus depreciation has the effect of reducing PSE&G's transmission-related rate base with an increase in deferred taxes. We estimate PSE&G's transmission related rate base was reduced by approximately $150 million to $200 million from prior forecast levels, and this is reflected in PSE&G's yearend rate base of $11.4 billon. The impact of this change on 2015 revenues is not reflected in the formula rate increase that I just went through, as that filing took place prior to the enactment of the extension of bonus depreciation. But our guidance for PSE&G reflects the impact on revenue associated with the extension of bonus depreciation and we estimate that impact to be approximately $21 million. As you know, this is really a timing related issue. We get the benefit of an increase in cash over the short-term and see a decrease in the deferred tax balance over the long term. PSE&G's operating earnings for 2015 are forecasted to grow to $735 million to $775 million. Our forecast for 2015 reflects the continued growth in PSE&G's transmission-related rate base and the expansion of PSE&G's investment and distribution through the Energy Strong program. Earnings for the full year will also be affected by a forecast increase in pension expense that will affect O&M. And I'll go into a little more detail on that shortly. We expect PSE&G's rate of earnings growth to improve beyond 2015, as the impact of bonus depreciation will annualize and pension expense is expected to be lower under long-term return and interest rate assumptions. PSE&G invested approximately $2.2 billion in 2014 on capital projects that improve the systems' resilience and maintenance its reliability. We currently forecast an increase in PSE&G's average capital spending for the next three years to about $2.4 billion per year. PSE&G's investment in transmission will represent more than 50% of this new spending. We will be providing you with an updated forecast of PSE&G's capital expenditures by year for the five-year period ending 2019 at our Annual Financial Conference on March 2 of this year, and I can tell you that spending plan remains robust. Now let's turn to PSEG Power. As shown on slide 19, Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, of $0.18 per share, compared with $0.23 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year operating earnings to $642 million or $1.27 per share, compared to 2013's operating earnings of $710 million, or $1.40 per share. The earnings release as well as slides 11 and 13 provide you with detailed analysis of the impact on Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and costs. We've also provided you with more detail on generation in the quarter and for the year on slides 21 and 22. Power's operating earnings for the fourth quarter were influenced by the known declining capacity revenues that we've discussed in prior calls. The monetization of Power's gas supply position, and a reduction in operating and maintenance expense helped mitigate the effects of lower market prices for energy. As you recall, the average price for our PJM capacity declined to $166 per megawatt day from $244 per megawatt day on June 1 of 2014. The decline in price reduced Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.09 per share. A decline in the average hedge price for energy that Power realized during the quarter relative to year-ago levels and lower market prices on Power's open position were more than offset by Power's ability to monetize its gas supply position. These items together led to an improvement in quarter-over-quarter earnings of $0.01 per share. The decline in Power's O&M expenditures during the quarter improved quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.05 per share and the decline in expense for the quarter was greater than what we've been forecasting at the end of the third quarter. Power's management of maintenance outages at fossil stations coupled with the absence of outage related expenditures in the prior year resulted in a better than forecast reduction in O&M expense for the fourth quarter and led overall to lower O&M expense in 2014 versus the full year of 2013. Now let's turn to the operations. Power's output increased 3.1% in the quarter from year ago levels. For the year, output increased 1.3% to 54.2 terawatt hours. The fleet's flexibility in response to volatile market conditions was demonstrated in the quarter and throughout the year. The level of production achieved by the fleet in 2014 represented the third highest level of output in the fleet's history as our merchant generator. The nuclear fleet produced 29.1 terawatt hours or 54% of generation, operating at an average capacity factor of 89.3%. Hope Creek experienced its second best year, operating at 97.9% annual capacity factor, which helped to offset the impact of the extending refueling outage at Salem 2 earlier in 2014. The market is clearly rewarding efficient combined-cycle gas units, and Power's combined-cycle fleet set a generation record during the year. The fleet produced 16.5 terawatt hours or 30% of our generation during the year with record levels of output from the Bergen Station and Linden Unit 1. The coal fleet produces 7.4 terawatt hours or 14% of generation and the peaking fleet's responsiveness to market conditions particularly the abnormally cold weather experienced at the start of 2014 led to full year production of 1.2 terawatt hours. Power's gas-fired combined-cycle fleet continues to benefit from its access to lower price gas supplies in then Marcellus Basin. For the year, gas from the Marcellus Utica region supplied approximately 60% of the PJM assets fuel requirements. This represents the larger percentage of fleet's gas supply than was available in the past. Power's ability to step up its acquisition of gas from the Western Marcellus and Utica Basin in addition to the use of backhaul arrangements on existing pipe in the Eastern Marcellus improved its access to this low cost resource. This supply supports higher spark spreads than implied by market pricing and allowed Power to enjoy fuel cost savings similar to the levels it enjoyed in 2013 despite the decline in energy prices. Overall Power's gross margin per megawatt hour in the fourth quarter was $37.40 versus $45.90 last year which was driven by the capacity price reset. For the year, gross margin amounted to $42.41 per megawatt hour versus $47.10 per megawatt hour last year. And slide 24 provides detail on Power's gross margin for the quarter and the year. Power is forecasting a further improvement in output in 2015 to 55 terawatt hours to 57 terawatt hours. The increase is primarily the result of investments we have made to expand the capacity of our nuclear and combined cycle fleet. Following the completion of the Basic Generation Service auction in New Jersey earlier this month, Power has hedged 100% of its base flow generation in 2015 and has hedged approximately 75% to 80% of anticipated total production for 2015 at an average price $52 per megawatt hour which compares favorably to the average hedge prices in 2014 of $48 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged approximately 50% to 55% of its forecast generation in 2016 estimated at 55 terawatt hours to 57 terawatt hours also at an average price of $52 per megawatt hour. And for 2017 Power has hedged 25% to 30% of forecast production of 55 terawatt hours to 57 terawatt hours at an average price of $52 per megawatt hour. The hedge data for 2015 and 2016 assumes BGS volumes represent approximately 11.5 terawatt hours of deliveries, about comparable to the 11.5 terawatt hours we delivered in 2014 under BGS. Based on our current hedge position for 2015, each $2 change in spark spreads would impact earnings by only $0.04 per share. This modest impact on earnings is a result of a higher percentage of output from a intermediate and peaking fleet that is hedged at this time about 40% to 45% than we had hedged a year ago, when it was really about 35% to 40% of forecasted output for the intermediate and peaking fleet. For 2016, a $1 change in natural gas pricing would impact earnings by $0.06 per share. And just for your reference, if we were fully open, the $1 change in natural gas pricing would impact earnings by about $0.24 per share. The BGS auction for PSE&G customers for the three-year period beginning June 1 of 2015 and ending on May 31, 2018 was priced at $99.54 per megawatt hour. This contract for one third of the load will replace the contract for $83.88 per megawatt hour, which expires on May 31 of this year. This latest auction is based on an average price for energy at the PJM West Hub of about $37 per megawatt hour to $38 per megawatt hour, which is similar to the base price for energy seen in the last two auctions. The BGS auction continues to represent the key means for Power to hedge basis associated with baseload output. Power's hedging strategy is consistent with what you've seen in the past. Power maintains open positions on a portion of its intermediate and load following assets and this allows Power to capture any benefits associated with weather-related demand in the summer months and contain the risks associated with fuller requirements contracts like BGS. Power took advantage of market strengths earlier in 2014 to hedge its output. And given favorable pricing, Power is also committed to serve a larger percentage of load under the BGS contract in this latest auction, which, of course, will have its proportional impact across the upcoming three years. Power's operating earnings for 2015 are forecast at $620 million to $680 million. We're very pleased that our anticipated results are essentially in line with 2014's operating results. Comparative results for the full year will be affected by a decline in capacity revenues which will essentially be fully offset by an increase in the average price received on energy hedges and a modest increase in O&M. Turning to Enterprise and Other, PSEG Enterprise/Other reported an operating earnings loss for the fourth quarter of $4 million or about $0.01 per share, which compares to a loss in operating earnings of $11 million or $0.03 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013. The results for the fourth quarter brought full-year 2014 operating earnings to $33 million or $0.06 per share, compared with 2013's operating loss of $13 million or $0.03 per share. The difference in operating results quarter-over-quarter reflects primarily the absence of tax payments and other items which contributed $0.03 per share relative to the fourth quarter of 2013. For 2015, operating earnings are forecasted to fall within the range of $40 million to $45 million and results will be influenced by the contractual payments associated with the operation of PSEG Long Island, income on the lease portfolio including the benefit from the renegotiation and extension of our lease on the Grand Gulf nuclear generating facility. Let me now just add a word about pension expense. Last year, as you recall, we saw total pension income of about $0.02 per share as the success of our investments strategy created that pension income. In 2015, our funding level remains greater than 90%, but a lower discount rate and changes to mortality tables, offset the continued strong return we generated on the Trust resulting in net pension expense of slightly less than $0.07 per share, which is split about evenly between PSE&G and Power. Keep in mind, these are non-cash charges, and we anticipate to move back to pension income over the next two-year to three-year period given our solid funding and our long-term investment strategy. These impacts that I just mentioned are embedded in our financial plan and our guidance for growth at PSE&G and consistent performance in 2015 at Power. We still see a low-single digit growth in O&M across the company over the three-year horizon and we will talk more about that in greater detail on March 2. Lastly, just a word on our financial position. We're in great shape to finance our capital program. At the end of 2014, we had $402 million of cash on hand and debt represented about 42% of our consolidated capital position, with debt at Power approximating 31% of its capital base and no parent debt. We'll be updating you on our capital program at our Annual Financial Conference but the message is the same. We can finance our robust long-term capital program and pursue a very healthy amount of growth opportunities without the need to issue equity, as we also provide our shareholders with a meaningful increase in the growth of the common dividend on sustainable basis. We're pleased to be guiding to another year of anticipated growth in earnings for 2015 of $2.75 to $2.95 per share. Our forecast continues to reflect the benefits from PSE&G's expanded capital program and the dynamics of Power's fleet and access to low cost gas supplies. As you know, the common dividend was recently increased 5.4% to the indicative annual level of a $1.56 per share, and we believe we can provide shareholders with consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend going forward. With that, Brandy, I'll turn it back to you and we're now ready for your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session for members of the financial community. Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Julien.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, first quick question. Following the Bridgeport sort of back of clearing that asset, what's your thought about building out Power at present? I mean, are we going to look towards clearing potentially new assets in different markets or what's your overall thought about capital deployment at this point in time in Power or back at Public Service Utility?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Julien, our thinking on this hasn't changed. Our Power markets that we're interested in are PJM, New York and New England. We look for asset acquisitions, we look for opportunities to repower sites, we look for opportunities to extend or increase the output of our plants. As you all know, we've been much more successful on the later and not as successful on the former. So Peach Bottom uprate, advanced gas path improvements, a couple of peakers here and there have not been able to see the same price justification as others on asset acquisitions and similar thing happened in New England. In general, we like the New England markets from the point of view of newbuild because of the seven year. That's a bigger hurdle to overcome in PJM because of the one-year price. On the regulated utility side, we'll give you more detail on March 2, but there is still very much a robust capital program that we'll be showing you for the five years, and not just in terms of transmission which has been our number one. But as we've talked about in the past, opportunities to accelerate the replacement of our cast iron mains system in the gas business, as well as some of the components of the Energy Master Plan that relate to energy efficiency and renewables. You may recall, it's only been 10 months or so. So, I'm not suggesting we're done by any means but Energy Strong was a much bigger program than what was ultimately approved, so there will be more of that, but it's a little bit longer term than the next coming months. So there is no shortage of opportunities to deploy the capital. We are disappointed at Bridgeport Harbor, I'm not going to deny that but we've reefed up things we can do.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then perhaps moving on with what about the bidding inquiry? Any update there you can elaborate by chance where we stand?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're not giving any more detail on that than we have already, Julien. We don't have any new information to update our financials and we are actively involved which FERC. We meet with them on a regular basis in terms of their questions and giving them feedback. But right now we'd rather make sure that FERC has all the information before talking much more about that on our earnings call.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then, if you will, I noticed PJM East just generally or specifically Public Service Zone, saw sort of a negative basis versus PJM West on a spot basis in the back half of the year. Could you talk about what dynamics you saw day-to-day in the market that would drive that and what your expectations are for forward basis East versus West hedging that specifically?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So, Julien, as we said, the Power markets at least for the foreseeable future have been turned 180 degrees. The winter is where most of the volatility and earnings potential for Power is coming from and that hasn't changed since we started talking about that now almost two seasons ago. So when you look at basis for the year, that's a little bit of a misleading view of the world. It's a combination of moderate basis in the summer, very strong basis in the winter and weak basis, in fact, negative basis in the shoulder periods. But the flexibility of our fleet and the way in which we hedge it takes all that into account. Over the longer term, I think what you are going to see is the market dynamic that's going to driven by significant infrastructure build of gas pipes from the Marcellus region to the Southeast and significant replacement of aging power plants that aren't able to meet environmental standards in the Southeast with highly efficient natural gas combined cycle. So we don't run the business saying that we are smarter than the market but to the extent that the market is viewed as an extend to that three-year to five-year timeframe, we still have lots of reasons to feel pretty confident in the location and quality of our asset base.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you all very much.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, good morning, guys.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just kind of on the Power side of the outlook for Power, can you just walk through or remind us all the hedging strategies you guys are using? Obviously, you got the nice price uplift in the hedge percentages going from 100% hedged to a 100% hedged. So can you just remind us how you got that upside?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Dan, it's Caroline. Sure. Thanks. Yeah, I cited the baseload and the total and, keep in mind, that intermediate and peaking, right? So if you look at what we told you on the third quarter call, we were still a 100% hedged on the baseload. But the differences really occurred as we've added hedges in that intermediate and peaking which was 5% to 10% for 2015 on the last call and is now 40% to 45%. Now, of course, piece of that would be BGS, but if you do the math on that, you'd see that's a little less than half of the total on an estimated basis. And really what's going on, Dan, and if you look at the curves, just look at the forward price curve, you see this there were opportunities where the prices moved up during the last quarter before they came down right at the very end, and spark spreads have been pretty robust. And so, we took advantage of those opportunities to layer on incremental hedges. And by having that incremental flexibility and putting on a little bit more and capturing those price in spark spread opportunities, that's what's really increased the numbers. Now, if you are asking about the change in the price of baseload, you know that we actually give one consistent price across. So even though baseload was 100%, the average price of the entirety of the book, we put that across all the hedges, but we give you the granularity of where we're hedged between baseload and intermediate and peaking. So we like the impact that we had in the fourth quarter by adding on hedges. You know that BGS, of course, being full requirements also has some pass-through costs. But even if you strip that out you'd find that the hedges are really higher than they were from our last report.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then – thank you for that answer. On the outlook for the utility this year, kind of if you look at the bridge or you think about mental bridge from 2014 to 2015, maybe not as much of an increase year-on-year as we would have previously modeled. Can I think of it as basically there is going to be a drag of $0.035 or $0.04 because of pension year-on-year maybe in nickel because you had some gains in 2014. And then you get a step down from what you would have expected at transmission because of the bonus depreciation. Is that the right way to think about the step year-to-year in simple terms?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's exactly right, Dan. So you're exactly on the right math, because when you look at those key things which, of course, if you think about interest rate, actuarial tables and bonus depreciation really aren't in our control. But you've got your finger on the right things that take the utility growth rate perhaps lower than the expectation, but a nice growth rate nonetheless because the things that we do control, the things we're doing to put capital to work obviously continue. And as I said, when you think about going out beyond 2015, you'd see the annualization of bonus deprecation in terms of the base versus a subsequent year effect, and then pension obviously we think being more of a one-time and then going back to normal. So you're exactly right on how you're thinking about it.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And I guess this is the last question. You talked about $2.4 billion of utility CapEx. Is that just for 2015? Or are you guys thinking that's going to be the new repeated number kind of for the five-year plan?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So we haven't given the five-year number, but the three-year number and you'll see this in our 10-K when we file it, the three-year number averages about $2.4 billion per year in total for PSE&G, so I'm talking 2015, 2016 and 2017. And when you do that and you look at that, keep in mind that, as I said, transmission will be more than half of that. So you're going to see transmission really carrying the weight of that growth. So we're really pleased to see that on average for the next three years, and then we'll talk more about the five years on March 2.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you, guys.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan (42:04) with Visium.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning and congratulations.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ashar Khan (42:10). Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: Well, I've been kind of attacking this I guess, Ralph, it's like – year-after-year it's like the best integrated company, and I hope we start getting discernible premium this year as we go forward.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: But I wanted to go over a point that Caroline graced is that because of the all pension and all that and the hefty CapEx that you've mentioned, if I heard correctly Caroline, you expect the utility to then go back to somewhat closer to a 9% or 10% growth rate going forward if I do my math correctly based on the CapEx and everything for the next couple of years. Is that a fair thing which you referred to a little bit in your remarks because the growth got a little bit dampened this year from 2014 to 2015 from the pension and other things. But it should re-grow at a faster rate coming out of the blocks 2015 going forward, based on the CapEx and things which you have indicated. Am I on the right track?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, Ashar Khan (43:20), you are on the right track. I won't validate a particular number that you cited there. But, yes, think about one-time effects, when you have a year-on-year effect of something like bonus depreciation which you remember, was passed at the very, very end of 2014, that has its one-year effect and then it becomes part of the base. Pension same thing, right, lower interest rates and then mortality table, which as you probably know is once in about 10-year effect, those things come in. And so, we would expect utility growth to be higher as we go on a 2015 to 2016 basis and on a 2014 to 2015 basis for exactly the reasons you cite overlaid on the backdrop of what I just mentioned, which is a continued robust investment program averaging a little bit more on an annual basis than we actually spent last year. So the fundamentals are there to provide the driver for that opportunity and we've got these sort of one-year effects from the two items. That's the right way to think about it.
Unknown Speaker: And then, if I could just then if I'm thinking through it on an investment proposition, so it's now utility earnings with the LIPA contract and all that makeup like 55% of the earnings. And say, this is my number, if we're growing at around 9% or 10%, on the utility that would imply a consolidated growth rate of about 5% or so. And with the dividend now growing at 5%, I mean I think so we have a value proposition, which is equal to any utility or even better than the rest of the group.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So we certainly think we have a good value proposition, no doubt about that – and thank you for mentioning the dividend as well. Obviously, we don't give guidance beyond the current year, as you know, because of Power, although I think we're pretty pleased with what we've been able to deliver and the guidance we're giving for Power for this year. And frankly, going forward, expect us to do the same things we've been doing with Power for the past few years and I think relatively successfully layering in hedging, taking advantage of opportunities when we see them, and continuing to just take advantage of a well-positioned fleet. So we do think we have a good value proposition. I just mentioned and I think you were just doing the math separately. As you know, PSEG Long Island and our operating arrangement on Long Island is not part of PSE&G's results. It's part of the Enterprise, but you may have been just adding that back in your calculation.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And if I can just end up, Ralph, we're happy on the dividend, but do you have a payout goal in mind for the consolidated entity earnings or on the utility earnings? I just wanted to get a sense. If not the board has a payout or no?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. No, we don't, Ashar (46:21). You may recall, a few years ago, maybe about five or so, we did have a number, and we found it too limiting. The dividend is something that we discuss all the time with the board, but we have a very robust conversation. We talk about where are the earnings coming from, what is the cash being generated, where are we in the power cycle – the power price cycle, what are the cash needs of the business, what are our competitors doing, competitors for capital, that is. So it's a very fulsome discussion and not one that lends itself to simply saying x% is the payout ratio. But we do try to guide you qualitatively recognizing that the dividend decisions are the purview of the board on a quarterly basis. But the number we put forth this time we believe is consistent with that view that we can provide a sustainable growth in the dividend.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you so much. Cracking results.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning, guys.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just really quick, I'm sorry if I missed it. The gas monetization in Q4, could you quantify that? And is there any sort of outlook of what the opportunity might be for stuff like that going forward?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So I didn't quantify that specifically, Paul, in terms of a number on the quarter. What I did mention was that the gas monetization benefit was essentially similar to what we saw in 2013. So you may recall in 2013 – and I'm talking about this (47:51) differential base in our supply. 2013, it was about $0.05 and in 2014 it was just about the same level. In terms of thinking about it going forward, obviously, we don't control that differential, but two things good to keep in mind. If you look at forward curves, you still see that differential. And so that's valuable and we model everything on the forward curve, including thinking about that differential. What, of course, you can always think about for us that does sustain is that access. Right? So we have the access this year, given what the team has been able to accomplish in terms of providing even more access to (48:33) Marcellus and Utica gas, we've been able to step up that percentage to a total of about 60%. And so, when you have the differential and we've got this long-term access, that's going to stay with us, can't say exactly what percentage every year, but long-term significant access. When that differential is there, you'd expect us to get it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the polar vortex? It looks like we have some similar conditions out there to what we saw on January 7 of last year and the performance of plant seems to be better. And I'm wondering whether or not you think that might impact the capacity performance proceedings going on right now at FERC? Or, just in general, what do you guys see or what are you hearing out of FERC or anywhere else with respect to how that process is going or your expectations with respect to it?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Paul, you're right. I mean, temperatures have been averaging about 16 degrees below average the last few days and plants are operating. But I think I know for us and I suspect for others, there were some operational changes we're able to make to reduce the amount of forced outages. Just in light of the forecast, we moved our coal piles around a little bit more so that we make sure that we didn't face them freezing up. But what hasn't changed for us and I suspect for others, the amount of capital investment that's being made in the older units, which basically never run until you get six days averaging 16 degrees below zero. And I think FERC is very cognizant of that. So there's only so much you can get out of improved performance by doing some operational prep work and eventually frictional forces that these temperatures overcome, whatever you might do in terms of preparation and those capital improvements are needed. And so, I think FERC will be supportive. I don't want to predict any outcome. I don't want to guarantee an outcome. But suffice it to say that there's really two issues that are involved in making sure a power plant runs. It's what you physically have put into the asset and what you do to ready it. And in terms of physical preparation, it's not leaving coal piles exposed, putting buildings around them, so that they are protected from the elements, that's a capital investment and you're not going to do that unless you know that you're going to get paid in the capacity market, because those typically – in our case at least, aren't units that capture energy margin. So we're still cautiously optimistic about what FERC will do. And we are very confident that whatever FERC does, we do have the type of fleet that will benefit from it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. I appreciate it.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to start on the utility. For 2014 and I guess going into 2015, what was the earned ROE at the utility in 2014 and what's the assumption going into 2015 that defines the guidance?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We earned our allowed returns, Stephen, just you may recall that we have an 11.68% return at transmission, and a blend of 10.3% at the utility for the most – at the distribution level a blend of 10.3% and some of the more recent programs are at 9.75%.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So the actual results of 2015 were right at your earned level or were they in excess of the earned level?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: They were right at the earned level.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And...
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're investing heavily in the utility to make sure that's the case.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Understood. And what's the timing for the likely filing of the rate case?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: November of 2017.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Is when you would file?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Is when we would file for a test year that is three months to start and nine years prospective. Typically, we may seek to push it out even further.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, looking over in terms of gas infrastructure, major theme we've seen is more investment in pipelines and we saw your investment there at the Power side. Do you see other potential need for gas infrastructure that looks interesting for you in your service territories, as you look at the growth of gas infrastructure?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, not in our service territory. It seems to me that most of the gas pipeline build that's been proposed nowadays for a variety of reasons is going from Marcellus and Utica to the Southeast and to the South. That's a much longer conversation that we can have. There is some very good economic fundamental reasons why that's taking place. I think we're ready for the next question, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line from Travis Miller with the Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Good morning. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Travis.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Hi. Wonder if you could talk about a little more of the incremental investments that you've discussed here over the last few months about Energy Strong where that stands, what filings we might see in the next three to six months opportunities, the incremental stuff, that's not been approved for Energy Strong?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Travis. The pure Energy Strong filing, if you will, had multiple components to it. There were a series of substations, for example, that were a center piece of, I think there were 29 of them that have to be upgraded and there where we are is we're in the engineering and design phase of that work. So that work is probably going to be the longest dated one, and when we do file for additional help in that area that's likely to not be off for at least another year. Another big part of Energy Strong though was the $350 million program to replace some of the cast iron main system. And I think we've done over 200 miles of that already and that is one that is scheduled to pretty much wind down by the end of 2015. So we'll talk more in detail about that on March 2, but that is a filing that we will be making in very, very short order to continue that program. That's important for a whole host of reasons, not the least of which is number one. You don't want to keep mobilizing and then de-mobilizing your workforce to do that. And as I said, that's winding down at the end of the year. But probably equally if not more important is the fact that we've continued to be able to pass these gas credits on to our customers. So this is the time to make the investment in infrastructure while the supply part of the bill is actually coming down, because it's something that the customer can afford to do right now. We're always mindful of the burden that we are putting on the customers. But there are some other parts of Energy Strong that are smaller in magnitude, but those being the two biggest ones. Some of the other things we've talked about in terms of potential investments that we're still waiting to here on are the Utility 2.0 program out on Long Island. Candidly we thought that would be resolved by now, but that looks like it's going to go out a couple more quarters into this year. We had thought we were the winner of the FERC 1000 project at Artificial Island. As you know, PJM is reconsidering that, and I don't know exactly when a decision will be forthcoming there. We thought it would be Q1. But Q1 is now halfway gone and that decision isn't done. The PennEast Pipeline investment we've made is still underway. The energy efficiency filing that we made is still having very constructive dialogue with the staff on that. So, there are things in all manners, all different stages from disappointment in terms of Bridgeport Harbor, optimism in terms of energy efficiency and a whole bunch of stuff in between.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Okay. How much of all those programs that either haven't been approved or at development process are included in that $2.4 billion CapEx number?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: None.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Zero, zero.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Research: Okay. So that's upside. Okay. Thank you very much.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Travis. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning guys.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jon.
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Quick question on what you've said about the dividend, Ralph. You've been very clear you wanted to be, to grow consistently and sustainably. Does that mean we should anticipate similar percentage growth going forward to what you've just done or similar kind of share growth or how consistent are we talking?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, let's just put it this way, Jonathan, about 40 years ago or maybe, I think it was about then, we put a big increase into the dividend, I think it was about an $0.08 or $0.10 increase in the dividend. $0.12. Thank you, Jon. And we went out of our way to tell people that that was a significant resetting of the dividend and not to be expected as an ongoing change in the dividend. And we haven't used those words this time. So I really don't want to be tied to a specific number either from a cents per share or a percentage point of view, except to say that, we think this dividend increase is supportable and sustainable.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: It seems you're growing it roughly in line with how you expect the utility earnings to grow this year, I mean, is that kind of the status policy (57:40)?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And again – that's a fair question, Jonathan. And I did say earlier that we look to see where the earnings in the company are coming from because, quite candidly, Power is more cyclical and the utility is more steady. But we don't have a – it's not formulaic. It's not 0.9 Utility plus 0.1 Power or 1.1 Utility plus 0.2 Power. It's clearly the fact that the utility will be well over 50% this year for the second year in a row. It depends on how you define well over. It'll be over 15% for the second year in a row, gives us more confidence in the size of the increase and the sustainability of the increase. But we absolutely know how important it is to the shareholders. We hear about it all the time.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then on the credit metrics, I think you mentioned that Power's FFO-to-debt was 59% (58:33) at the end of the year. Is there anything about (58:38) you're forecasting flattish earnings for 2015 in Power at the middle of the range. Is there any reason why FFO-to-debt wouldn't be similar in 2015 as in 2014?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. So, good question, Jonathan. If you look at, you're right, where we landed the year. Power is going to continue to be in very good shape. So I think the way to think about it is FFO-to-debt will continue to be well in excess of our floor of 30% just continuing to provide a lot of investment capacity of Power for the things that Ralph has just been talking about and of course as you know we don't have any parent debt and so that provides us even more opportunity for regulated investments. So yeah, I continue to see Power a very robust and what I like about is it allows us to have that conversation of where else can we make incremental investments, because there is just a lot of room there and that's a nice way to start the conversation about extra capital investment, not talking about issuing equity.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So unless 2016 (59:39) is going to step down very significantly, it seems like mathematically there's no way you can be sub 50% for the 2014, 2015 average, which is I think what your EEI slide showed. Could those numbers be up by that much higher? Is that -- are we on the right track there?
Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, I won't give the specific numbers now on the call and we'll talk more about the long-term view of things on March 2, but I think the right takeaway is that balance sheet is in terrific shape and we look for as Ralph said lots of ways to deploy it. The numbers are in really, really good shape.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Did you come close on Bridgeport Harbor or was it...?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Nice try, Jon.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're not going to reveal close or not close, because as soon as I give you a qualitative answer, you'll try to narrow me further.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Ralph is going to have some closing remarks and then we'll complete the call. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kathleen. So something just a little bit out of character. As many of you know – as all of you know, there is probably no bigger fan of our employees than yours truly here. There is one that I just want to make special mention of that, many of you probably have never met before, but after 40 years of service in the industry and 10 years with us, eight years as our chief nuclear officer. We did announce the retirement of Tom Joyce. Tom is just the quintessential professional, not only did he just create tremendous value for our customers and our shareholders, but he did what's expected of every strong leader and that is he leaves behind an incredibly solid team and groomed a talented successor. But I just can't thank Tom enough. And I thanked him yesterday in front of employees. So I want to make sure, I thank him today in front of our investors. As for the rest of my comments, it's simply this, for those of you in the Northeast, I hope you stay warm, hang in there. Our plants are running, our gas pressures on the system are good if not only even Northeast but you are in our service territory. And I hope to see all of you a week from Monday at our annual meeting. So I hope you're as pleased as we are with that result, and the outlook for 2015 looks even stronger. See you soon. Thank you.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman and CEO Caroline D. Dorsa - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Kit Konolige - BGC Partners Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC  Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC 
Operator: [Call Starts Abruptly] As a reminder this conference is being recorded today, October 30, 2014, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2 o'clock p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on November 6, 2014. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead
Kathleen A. Lally : Thank you Brent. Good morning and Thank you all for participating in PSEG's earnings call this morning. As you were aware, we released our third quarter 2014 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments as mentioned are posted on our website, www.pseg.com under the Investor section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2014, is expected to be filed shortly. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but as you know the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless we of course are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause those results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations, and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I am now going to turn the call to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group; and joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks there will be time for your questions. And I'm not going to limit you but that's… 
Ralph Izzo: Nice try, Kathleen. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2014 of $0.77 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.76 per share in 2013’s third quarter. The results for the third quarter brings PSEG's operating earnings for the nine months ended September to $2.27 per share, which is a 9% increase over the $2.09 per share earned during the first nine months of last year.  I'll refer you to slides four and five as they contain the detail on the results for the third quarter and for the nine months. PSEG earnings continued to benefit from the expansion of our regulated utility capital program. Our results also benefited from the focused [placement] controlling the growth and operating expenses which offset the impact of less favorable weather conditions on demand for electricity. Our major transmission projects are being completed on time and on budget.  We completed the construction of the $390 million North Central Reliability line and placed the $400 million Burlington-Camden line into service as well. These two 230 kilovolt lines will improve the system’s power quality and voltage stability. Construction on the New Jersey portion of the Susquehanna-Roseland line was also completed in the quarter. The work to connect the western portion of this major 500 kilovolt project in Pennsylvania with New Jersey is underway and it’s planned to go into service around mid-2015.  We are in the midst of engineering permitting and siding work on our remaining large projects as we also work on the upgrading conversion of lower voltage lines. These projects are all part of our planned $6.8 billion capital investment in transmission which provides for the double-digit growth in the PSE&G's earnings in 2014 as well as the anticipated double digit growth in rate base and earnings through 2016.  We hope to add the proposed 500 kilovolt line at Artificial Island to our stable of transmission projects. We supplemented our original proposal to meet the stability issues in Artificial Island and expect to have a decision from PJM during the first quarter of next year. We've also accelerated the replacement of PSE&G's cast iron gas type system. Approximately $350 million of the $1.22 billion energy strong investment program approved by the BPU earlier this year is dedicated to this ongoing effort. This is an opportune time to pursue these investments.  Major surcharges on customer's electric bills are scheduled to expire over the next two years and the bills of PSE&G's gas customers continue to benefit from the capable management of the company's natural gas storage and transportation contracts. The BPU approved on a provisional basis a 9% reduction in the gas rate paid by residential customers. The reduction which was effective on October 1 or just the few weeks ago is the latest in the series of reductions which has lowered customers' gas bills by 44% over the past five years. PSE&G has since indicated that it intends to implement an additional bill credit over the months of November, December and January that will return approximately $160 million to residential gas customers.  The earnings growth enjoyed by PSE&G in the quarter offset the impact on earnings from the well-known reset in Power's capacity revenue. Lower operating cost helped to offset the impact of mild weather on energy pricing and earnings. We're in the midst of major change in the electricity market. An unprecedented amount of capacity is expected to retire over the next two years in response to environmental requirements and market economics.  In addition the availability of low cost gas in the Marcellus and Utica basins and the lag in the development of infrastructure to move the gas to market has and is expected to continue to be a source of volatility in gas and electricity prices. The new dynamic implies that winter is as important to the power market as the summer as demand in the winter season can heavily influence forward prices. Power is well situated. Its fleet of base load intermediate and peaking generating assets benefits from access to low cost gas in the summer and from price volatility in the winter. The changing dynamic in the market creates a need to review maintenance practices to assure availability of our units during critical peak conditions.  The changing market dynamic appears to be recognized by PJM. The change is proposed by PJM to the reliability pricing model, RPM as we often refer to with, are designed to incent operations related investments as much as they’re meant to encourage new investments in light of the events in the winter of 2014 and no new retirements of capacity over the next two to three years. PJM's proposal which provides for a change in the demand curve as well as its capacity performance proposal could provide greater visibility to much needed market driven price formation.  Outside PJM, the potential to receive a seven year contracts for new capacity that clears the market in New England under its revised capacity construct has encouraged us to consider bidding a new 450 megawatt gas-fired combined cycle unit into next year's auction. The new unit which will be located at our existing Bridgeport Harbor site would represent a $600 million investment. I do want to emphasize however that we would only proceed with this project if it clears in the forward capacity auction. The potential investment in Bridgeport Harbor would represent the latest of several opportunities for PSEG.  Over the past quarter Power has announced the plan to invest $120 million for an equity interest in the PennEast Pipeline. This 105 mile pipeline would bring gas from Pennsylvania into New Jersey and provide PSEG and its customers with increased access to low cost natural gas supply. Similarly, PSEG Long Island has updated its utility 2.0 proposal with a revised proposal to spend up to $345 million, meets the customer's desire for increased investment in energy efficiency demand resources and distributed generation. It also limits the impact on customer bills as the increased investment would be financed by the LIPA, the Long Island Power Authority.  The inclusion of our performance incentive mechanism in the proposal provides PSEG Long Island the opportunity to earn an increased return. If preferred the proposal also reaffirms PSEG Long Island's original approach to fund new rate base like investments. So PSEG Long Island could benefit from the utility 2.0 investments through either the use of its own capital or proving out the effectiveness of the programs and earning under the performance mechanism. PSE&G is also awaiting BPU's response to its request to invest approximately $100 million in programs that would extend existing energy efficiency offerings here in New Jersey. Together, if my math is right, these programs represent an investment opportunity of over $1.2 billion and extend the growth associated with our existing $13 billion capital program. These investments also provide our customers with access to low cost gas and cost effective technologies that reduce emissions as they also improve system reliability. Based on the strength of our results for the quarter and year-to-date we are raising the low end of our full year operating earnings guidance to $2.60 from $2.55 per share. And as we indicated last quarter we remain on track to achieve results at the upper end of our revised operating guidance of $2.60 to $2.75 per share. Our investments are meeting our expectations, our costs are under control and we remain well positioned to deploy our balance sheet to meet shareholder objectives for long-term growth.  I'll now turn the call over to Caroline to review our operating results in greater detail. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you Ralph and good morning. I will review our quarterly operating earnings as well as the outlook for full year results by each subsidiary company. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2014 of $0.77 per share versus $0.76 per share in last year's third quarter. And for the nine months ending September 30th we reported operating earnings of $2.27 per share versus $2.09 per share last year.  Slide four and five provide a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter and year-to-date. We've also provided you a waterfall chart on slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on slide 12 that provides you with those changes in operating earnings by business on a year-to-date basis.  So now I’ll overview each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. As shown on slide 14 PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.39 per share compared with $0.33 per share a year ago. PSE&G's earnings in the third quarter continue to benefit from the increase in the revenue associated with its expanded capital program particularly in transmission and a decline in operating profit. An approved increase in PSE&G's transmission revenue under its formula rate effective at the start of the year supported the quarter-over-quarter increase in the net earnings contribution from transmission of $0.04 per share bringing the total transmission-related earnings increase to $0.10 per share on a year-to-date basis.  And the roll-in of our second capital infrastructure program or CIP II into our rates this past July improved earnings comparisons from distribution during the quarter by $0.01 per share. The decline in operating expenses particularly pension expense lead to an improvement in earnings of $0.02 per share.  PSE&G's revenue was affected by weather conditions during the third quarter which was very mild relative to normal as well as relative to conditions in the year-ago quarter. On average, weather in the third quarter was 14% cooler than normal and 18% cooler than 2013's third quarter. The impact on demand from the mild weather reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.02 per share. PSE&G's earnings continue to benefit from a decline in financing cost which more than offset an increase in the level of debt on its balance sheet associated with higher levels of capital spending. The reduction in interest expense and a lower tax rate more than offset an increase in depreciation expense and netted to an increase in quarter-over-quarter earnings of $0.01 per share in the distribution business.  Economic conditions in New Jersey, as evidenced by employment in the service territory continue to show signs of improvement. Adjusting for the weather, electric sales in the quarter grew by 0.4% and the improvement was led by an increase in demand from the residential sector and reflects some growth in the number of customers. On a year-to-date basis weather normalized electric sales grew by 1.1%. Weather normalized gas sales, while less impactful to results in the third quarter, advanced 1.9% in the quarter and 4% for the nine months ended September.  Of course demand for gas continues to benefit from a decline in commodity prices and economic conditions. Customers will see a further decline in the commodity portion of their bills during the upcoming year. The BPU approved on a provisional basis an annual reduction of 9% in residential customer gas rate, that went into effect on October 1 of this year, and given the continued availability of low cost gas under the company's long-term supply arrangement PSE&G has since informed to BPU that it would be implementing an additional three months bill credit of 31% which would retire approximately $160 million to customers over the months of November, December and January of 2015.  On the transmission front, PSE&G has filed for an update to its formula rate per transmission at the FERC. The update, which provides for a return on PSE&G's forecasted increase in its capital investment and transmission would increase 2015's annual transmission revenues by an estimated $182 million at the start of the New Year. You’ll recall that in 2014 we added a $171 million to our revenues which has resulted in year-to-date growth in earnings of $0.10 per share; something to keep in mind proportionally as you do our modeling for our filing for 2015.  The BPU also found that all but $400,000 of PSE&G's $366 million of storm costs are prudent and recoverable in a future-based rate proceeding. The total spend breaks down as approximately a $126 million of major storm capital expenditures and incremental O&M of approximately $240 million.  PSE&G is also awaiting a decision from the BPU on its request to invest approximately $100 million plus administrative cost on programs that would extend existing energy efficiency offerings in the residential multi-family, hospital and self-install markets. This program is not expected to have a major impact on customer rates and we expect a decision during the first half of next year. PSE&G is meeting its capital and operating benchmarks and earnings its authorized returns.  For the year, we've made a slight modification to our forecast of PSE&G's operating earnings. The low end of the range has been increased to $710 million, bringing the rate -- excuse me -- bringing the range for operating earnings guidance to $710 million to $745 million from the prior $705 million to $745 million. Results for the remainder of the year will continue to reflect an increase in transmission and distribution revenue and a reduction in operating and maintenance expense, including importantly pension costs.  With that let's now turn to Power. Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2013 of $0.34 per share compared with $0.43 per share for the third quarter of 2013. Power's results reflect the full quarter impact of the scheduled reset in the average price received on PJM capacity as well as lower market prices for Energy. PJM capacity prices are reset to an average level of $166 per megawatt day on June 1 of 2014 from $242 per megawatt day in the prior capacity year. Recall that we enter a period where power's PJM fleet, based on the results of past auctions is expected to experience stable capacity prices in the range of $165 to $166 per megawatt day through May 31 of 2018.  A decline in capacity revenues reduced Power’s quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.09 per share. Mild weather conditions relative to a year ago and lower gas prices resulted in a return to a more average [spot] spread for our region than those we experienced during the hot summer last year and that reduce quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.03 per share. A decline in Power's average hedge price for energy and lower market prices combined to further reduce quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.04 per share.  Power's O&M expense was lower in the quarter relative to the level experienced in the year-ago quarter. The actions of major maintenance expense at the Bethlehem, New York facility in 2014 compared to the year ago quarter and lower nuclear outage related cost even with the impact of Salem’s extended outage in the quarter, combined with lower pension expense to improve Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.06 per share. A reduction in the tax rate and the other miscellaneous items more than offset an increase in depreciation and interest expense to improve quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.01 per share.  The availability of the Bethlehem, New York gas-fired combined cycle facility in 2014 led to a 4% improvement in the generating fleet’s output in the third quarter as production from the gas-fired combined cycle fleet increased 16% in the quarter to five terawatt hours or about 34% of output. Output of the nuclear fleet improved slightly from a year-ago levels. During the quarter the fleet operated at a capacity factor of 92% and produced 7.6 terawatt hours or about 52% of output. Production from the cold-fired and peaking units declined 8% during the quarter to 2.1 terawatt hours, about 14% of output due to planned outages as well as lower weather-related demand.  Generation volumes in PJM overall were flat relative to year-ago levels. Power expects output for the full year to be approximately 53 to 55 terawatt hours. The forecast represents a slight increase in output on a year-over-year basis but is lower than our prior forecast for 2014 given year-to-date performance including the mild summer. Keep in mind we have scheduled fourth quarter outages at the Salem 1 and Peach Bottom 2 Nuclear facilities. Salem 1 begin a normal refueling outage earlier this month and Peach Bottom is undergoing work associated with its planned upgrade during a refueling outage. Approximately 80% to 85% of generation in the fourth quarter is hedged at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. The average price for energy hedges in the full year is approximately $48 per megawatt hour versus the average hedge price for energy in 2013 of about $50 per megawatt hour. Power’s maintaining its forecast of economic generation for both 2015 and 2016 at 55 to 57 terawatt hours per year. This represents an increase in output from 2014’s forecast.  For 2015 Power has maintained its average hedge position at 65% to 70% of forecast generation at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. You will recall that Power increased its hedge activity earlier in the year in response to higher market prices. The current level of hedges is consist with past practice and continues to assume BGS volumes represent about 11 terawatt hours of demand, in line with the 2014 forecast for BGS volumes. In 2016 Power has increased its average hedge position to approximately 35% to 40% of its generation from 30% to 35%. Hedges in 2016 have been transacted at an average price overall of $49 per megawatt hour compared with our prior update which indicated average hedge prices for 2016 of $51 per megawatt hour. The decline in the average hedge price for 2016 reflects an increase in non-BGS related hedges, all done at market prices since our last update and you will recall you have seen this pattern from us in prior periods as we increase the proportion of non-BGS hedges in the third year out the weighted average math of putting in hedges at market prices relative to the representation of BGS in that total, and remember BGS goes in at a full requirement price less capacity, normally brings down the weighted average hedge price as we move through the year. For example in 2016, last quarter BGS represented about 30% of the total amount that was hedged in our disclosures last quarter and now it’s closer to 25%. One thing to note is that the prices that the new hedges were put on, the market prices for the new hedges are actually slightly higher than the energy component of BGS that cleared in February of 2014. So again our normal pattern as we layer in market hedges post the clearing of BGS in February. We’ve narrowed our range for Power’s 2014 operating earnings guidance to $575 million to $610 million from the prior $550 million to $610 million with full year operating results expected to be at the upper end of the range. Results for the remainder of the year are expected to be influenced by the reset in the average price received on PJM capacity that we just talked about and the decline in the average price of energy. Power’s O&M expense for the fourth quarter is expected to compare favorably with year ago levels, given a reduction in pension expense and the absence of major outage related work. We anticipate O&M for the full year will be flat versus 2013’s level of expense and this estimate as always assumes normal weather and normal operations. As we notified you earlier this year Power discovered errors in its cost based bids for its New Jersey fossil generating units in the PJM energy market as well as additional pricing errors and differences between the quantity of energy that Power offered into the energy market and the amounts for which Power was compensated in the capacity market. We have since been verbally notified by the FERC staff that they have initiated a preliminary non-public staff investigation into the matters discovered by Power. The investigation could result in the FERC seeking disgorgement of any over collected amounts, civil penalties and non-financial remedies. Power has implemented procedures and continues to develop processes to mitigate the risk of similar issues occurring in the future and as is usual in matters of this nature FERC investigation may take an extended period of time to resolve. We have not by the way changed the reserve we took in the first quarter which still stands at $25 million. Let me now turn briefly to the Enterprise and all other; PSEG Enterprise/Other reported operating earnings of $22 million or $0.04 per share in the third quarter of 2014 versus an operating loss of $4 million, or a $0.01 per share during the third quarter of 2013. The results reflect the inclusion of earnings from the operating contract of PSEG Long Island as well as a reduction in tax expense. The conclusion of an Internal Revenue Service audit for the tax years’ 2007 through 2010 resulted in a $121 million cash refund and a reduction in tax expense.  The reduction in taxes improved quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share from the closure of the audit. In October PSEG Long Island update its original Utility 2.0 proposal which called for PSEG Long Island to invest up to $200 million over four years in programs that would expand energy efficiency, demand resources and distributed generation on Long Island. The updated proposal calls for an increase in the size of the program to $345 million. As currently proposed PSEG could fund all or some of increased program and compensation for the part that is funded by LIPA could be performance based. We anticipated a decision on the Utility 2.0 proposal by year end.  On the financing side we ended the quarter with cash on hand of $703 million, the growth in PSE&G’s earnings and cash flow and the cash generated by Power continue to support our financing requirements without the need to issue equity. Debt represented 41.6% of our consolidated capital structure and 31.6% of Power’s capitalization at the end of September. As Ralph mentioned earlier we have narrowed the range of our 2014 operating earnings guidance to $2.60 and $2.75 per share and continue to expect earnings to fall at the upper end of that range. PSE&G remains on course to achieve double-digit growth in operating earnings during 2014 as its contribution to earnings is expected to exceed 50% of our forecasted earnings for the year. PSEG Power is expected to reported earnings at the upper end of the forecast range for the year. That concludes my remarks and at this point we are now ready for your questions and I will turn it back over to Brent.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC. Please go ahead with your question.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Good morning, guys.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Good morning.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: A couple of related areas, first of all, can you give us a sense of what kind of response you’ve seen in New Jersey so far to -- as far as working with the commission and the authorities in general on 111(d)?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, we had lots of communication [stuff this past] with New Jersey DEP. I think it’s pretty safe to assume that one of the areas they would be focusing on was the amount of credit or candidly the lack of credit given for nuclear output and the feeling that the cleaner states in our case are being somewhat penalized. Second area that I’d put sort of a lower priority the opportunity to perhaps expand the purview of 111(d) to touch upon things that are electric related but not specific to power plants in New Jersey. Our leading clause is get [permission] for transportation so the possibility of expanding 111(d) to include electric transport and the possibility of expanding 111(d) to include methane leakage fugitive emissions from the pipe [inaudible] combined cycle units.  But I put those two issues, electric transportation and methane leakage as a distant second to the concern for the credit not given to nuclear.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: What, Ralph do you have any sense of our A; if there is been any responsiveness at the state level to crediting nuclear and B; what kind of form would you like that to see or can we reasonably expect that to see -- to appear as?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so I would say that it’s not much of an exaggeration to say that we are in lock step with the state on that perspectives on 111(d). As you know Kit we have a very clean fleet, nuclear typically is 55%, 57% of our yearly output, the third quarter was 52%. But as to the details of how that would manifest itself I am not sure I want to get into that on this call. We could certainly talk more about that hopefully in Dallas if you are at the [DEI] but there is no space that I am aware and hate to be absolutely definitive and say that there isn’t any at all between us and the state’s position but I have been briefed on this couple of times already and I think we’re in lock step with the state in terms of the…
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Let me ask about one particular area. You used to be in Reggie and now you're not. So is that something you’d like to see reinstated?
Ralph Izzo: No, it isn’t because as we’ve said many times we thought Reggie was a good idea to serve as a template for a national emissions trading program and appetizing Congress to begin a national program. It doesn’t seem wise for the state to diminish its economic competitiveness with respect to nearby states and joining Reggie.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: One other separate area…
Ralph Izzo: Go ahead Kit.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: All right, last one. DR how do you expect that the play out? Obviously there are still legal issues pending. And then one way or another presumably PJM and FERC have to figure things out and possibly states as well.
Ralph Izzo: So on DR I mean I know just what you and everyone else in the call knows about it right. I mean the court decisions were very comprehensive, very deterministic, it is positive on the issue I’m guessing I am inferring that the recent stay is just out of healthy degree of respect for FERC and the desire of the judicial branch to allow the executive branch to weigh its options, not at all reflection that the court decided that what they had previously ruled upon was any kind of back peddling whatsoever.  So I think DR is likely to come out of energy and capacity markets in the future. Now PJM has gone on record saying that they are going to adjust for that, that they are going to look for ways to allow DR to effect the demand curve but I have got to believe that once that very transparent efficient market whereby DR providers are paid a revenue stream goes away, that that’s going to candidly diminish the amount of DR that’s available and remember RPM stands for reliability pricing model. That’s PJM’s number responsibility, reliability and if they will control the asset I don’t know how much they are going to be able to count on that. So you add that to the removal of the 2.5% hold back and I think all that weighs very positively for people with iron in the ground and generation assets that are there when needed.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium. Please go ahead with your question.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Good morning and congratulations. Can you just talk a little bit about the plant in Connecticut, if it gets into the auction when it comes online? And also on the Power’s investment in the pipe, when that comes into line as to when those would be helpful to earnings? If you can just remind us what the dates are on those things?
Ralph Izzo: Sure Ashar. So the auction is in February I believe and it’s a three year forward. So it comes into service in 2018. I am not sure what month exactly but early -- first half of 2018. PennEast we have been publicizing a target date of November of ’17. We’ve also been emphasizing that it’s a Greenfield project. You could take those two emphases -- what’s the plural of emphasis - and infer your own startup date for PennEast, but it’s a Greenfield project and it will not be online before November of ’17. It wouldn’t surprise if it slips into ‘18.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Okay. And Ralph, any other transmission or any other projects which can you just talk about or anything which might be on the drawing board which is not in the CapEx plan?
Ralph Izzo: So I listed about $1.2 billion worth of project that are not in the CapEx plan and they range from Bridgeport Harbor to PennEast and I mentioned Artificial Island which is about $250 million in our re-submittal. And I am looking with a critical look at Kathleen and Carol to see whether or not we have publicly announced what we have put in the open window for PJM. 
Kathleen A. Lally : No.
Ralph Izzo:  We have not okay. So there are other things we are working on right now, nothing that’s staggering or tilts the balance sheet but we are always looking at ways to improve the system and we’ll definitely have an update for you on that in the not very distant future.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you sir.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: First off, good morning. Perhaps to follow-up on the last question. I was curious, how are you thinking about the Power strategy overall? I would just be curious the extent to which you are reinvesting potentially meaningful dollars in New England? Are there other markets, more broadly other asset types, again you have done a few solar projects, are we thinking about a scaling up of spend in this business at all just as a way to deploy dollars in your excess balance sheet?
Ralph Izzo: So Julien good morning. We like the integrated model we love the regulated utility business, we love the power generation business. We look at every project, whether it’s a solar farm in California, we have closed on one recently, or bidding a combined cycle unit in New England or building more transmission on a discounted cash flow basis with different hurdle rates and make sure that they are NPV positive, that there is near-term visibility to the accretion and the balance sheet gives us room to do both in both businesses.  So where there is no shortage of us strolling around looking for these opportunities and there is a long list of those we’ve walked from, because others had a different point of view of what the future held. But no, you shouldn’t interpret the Bridgeport Harbor project as any shift in our affection for the regulated utility or anything of that nature. I don’t know, Caroline you may want to add to that.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Absolutely and I think when we look at these kind of opportunities, as Ralph said, we are disciplined in looking at the NPV, using the right hurdle rates. I think the thing that makes us interesting in Bridgeport is you think about the capacity construct there and what they put in place giving a seven year incentive which really helps us think through how to make that work for new investment. So those kinds of constructs that truly can convert something really can encourage new investment and we think are very good.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent, and then turning to the BGS auction, can we talk briefly about the ability to pass through capacity, transitionally capacity increases as a result of the capacity performance scheme? And any ability from a regulatory perspective to have to shift the BGS contracts, they will allow that?
Ralph Izzo: So that has not been decided formally at this point, Julien. I would point out that as Caroline mentioned a moment ago we have put in for a transmission formula rate adjustment of north of $180 million and the BPU has made it a policy that transmission increases are pass through. I believe there was a similar ruling on SREC issues a couple of years ago. So in general I think the BPU has recognized that if they want to continue to have a fully competitive active BGS market the things that are outside of the control of the BGS suppliers have to be adjusted on an as-go basis.  But they have not opined specifically on an incremental capacity auction change that could come out of a PJM’s most recent concern over asset performance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: But presumably that’s something you would be seeking?
Ralph Izzo: Absolutely.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: And then lastly, just a quick one, energy efficiency and just the broad call it, LIPA plan. Can you talk about the incentive in terms of EPS, perhaps a bit more explicit range? Just to give us some kind of sense of what of this could ultimately drive?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so those details have yet to be worked out but it would safe to assume that they would in the same vicinity as what a regulated return would achieve if the investment had delivered upon the promise to operational performance, right. So don’t think of this as having an effective ROE of 20% or 30% and don’t think of it as something that would be south of 10%. It’s just okay if we think this LIPA is going to do X and it does X than in our eyes then that should have been a prudent investment but there is a slight increase in risk that’s taken as a result of that kind of mechanism.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And just keep in mind as you are thinking about the modeling for Long Island and I know you know this but just to reinforce so we have $0.03 per share this year rising to $0.07 to $0.08 per share by 2016 and that does not include any potential uplift that we might get from these new proposals that we are making. So that’s the base contract that’s currently enforced something here would be additional.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: And a clarification there. Presumably you would achieve these targets over time such that you would not necessarily immediately hit the first year of the $345 million, the regulated return? Or is that…
Ralph Izzo: The numbers we gave earlier Julien, our original program of $200 million, the expanded program of $345 million, both of those were four year programs. So you would not see all that programmatic emphasis or capital deployment take place in the first year, it would be over four years. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right. Okay so thank you. 
Kathleen A. Lally : Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Hi, good morning. I had a question about the PennEast Pipeline and the off take agreements how does that benefit you, is it at the utility with lower gas prices for PSE&G or is it kind of lower gas prices to fill your combined cycle plans?
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Neil so it’s the same exact sequencing of uses as we have today. So 125,000 to 150,000 bcf a day -- 125 bcf a day. So the priority customer would be the utility regulated distribution gas customer, they get first [chance] at that. Second would be off system sales and then lastly would be power used for burning in its plant. So what tends to happen under those three tiered prioritizations is that Power really doesn’t get to make a lot of use of that additional low cost gas in the winter months. A little bit more but not a lot in the spring as we start to refill for storage reasons but gets to use a whole bunch of it in the summer when storage is completed and there’s no heating demand. Right now  Power is using about 25% -- about 25% of the gas the Power burns is from the [inaudible] region it could go up on a percentage basis from that. 
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Got it. Great, thank you and then secondly with the CCDT expansion in New England can you just generally give your thoughts on the New England market. It’s obviously gone very quickly from an oversupply to an undersupply and just wanted to get your thoughts on capacity and energy looking at that project?
Ralph Izzo: So I think, there’s two things are important in New England market. Number one is what you just mentioned. They have gone through an undersupply condition as assets announced and carry through on their retirement. But number two is really what Caroline pointed out which is a risk reward profile has shifted to be a little bit saner when you’re making an investment and you want a recovery on your long run marginal cost not just your short run marginal cost. So the seven year capacity payment is extremely helpful there.  I think the big question is the one that you hinted at in New England, that’s around energy markets, given the lack of infrastructure for natural gas into the region. You’re going to find people looking at assets that are near existing infrastructure and have a dual fuel capability and I'm pleased to say that we have both of those in our Bridgeport Harbor side we have both access to gas and we will go for dual fuel.  Lastly on the capacity [margin] addition to the seven year construct, the change in the slope on demand curve allowing for return some of the missing money that plagued that region. 
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Hey great, perfect, thank you. 
Kathleen A. Lally : Thank you. Next question? 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Hey, good morning guys. 
Kathleen A. Lally :   Good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Dan. 
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Caroline I hate to bring up a number question on the call but when I look at the fourth quarter guidance for Power, kind of staying within the range of what you guys have for your guidance, basically it means you guys will earn somewhere between, I think $0.05 and $0.12 or $0.13, which is down quite a bit from prior years. Can you kind of walk me through what are the big drivers that’s going to lead to that much of a decline and then how we should think about that kind of for next year from a base line perspective?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So thanks for the question Dan. We took up the bottom end of the range right, but we’ve also said that we expect to be at the high end of the range. The one thing I think you should always keep in mind as you do the quarter-over-quarter comparisons which you saw this quarter for the first time as the full quarter, right, last quarter was just a month, is capacity, right? So capacity on a quarter-over-quarter basis just like you saw this quarter is a $0.09 impact and so you have to start there right, that’s significant dollars, but of course we knew that. We took that into account in our guidance all the way through the year. So that’s the number one thing I would suggest that you consider.  Of course going the other direction is we do expect favorability in the O&M, as I mentioned. So that’s going to go a little bit to positive direction and then the normal kind of unit operations, keep in mind we have Salem 1 and Peach Bottom outages which I mentioned during my remarks that Peach Bottom outage is a good one for us because it’s the EPU going into one of the units that will give us more megawatts for the future. So but those things obviously have an impact in the expected generation.  So if you think about the pushes and pulls you’ve got Salem 1, you’ve got Peach Bottom in near term, before the winter period of course, you’ve got capacity at $0.09 going the negative direction, fully anticipated; you’ve got O&M going in the positive direction because full year we are guiding to about flat so you can pretty easily do the math. We were worse in O&M in the first two quarters, better in this quarter, anticipate to be better in the fourth quarter and then of course it’s just a normal operations and whatever the weather is at the beginning of the winter.  So all in we still expect to be at that upper end of the range. We feel the bottom, but really haven’t changed our thinking which is with normal operations you’d see us be at the upper end, [which is what] drives the company to the upper end. 
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Okay so the $0.23 or whatever it is you take out the $0.09 of capacity revenues, which will get you to kind of $0.14, which is above the implied range right now. There is some other maintenance issues that will bring you down toward the high end is that the right way to think about it?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah, that’s right, think about the outages I just mentioned but still consider us we’re talking about the high end of the range. 
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Okay and then can we talk a little bit on the gas basis side, 25% of gas generation came from Leidy, how does the benefit of the basis arbitrage look full year, year-to-date ’14 versus ’13?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah, sure so the year-to-date not as strong as ’13. So let’s kind of wind back and look at what happened in ’13. We saw the Leidy differential really appear in ’13 at the end of the second quarter. And that Leidy differential became pretty wide as we got into the summer of 2013 and we talked about differentials being as much as $2. And then of course it was that warm weather and the warm weather is what drove and kept that differential from the Leidy price to the actual market price rate for the energy.  This summer was quite different with the cooler weather on the CHI basis depending on weather compared to last year or normal 13% to 18% lower in terms of the weather. So extensive to the site CHI, what we actually have is Leidy gas costs are still lower the problem was for the summer with the lower demand and the cooler weather the differential of Leidy to thinking about where energy is priced in our market, looking at G6, [inaudible] that dropped those prices down. So what happened was the differential really collapsed.  Leidy was still cheaper than Henry Hub but the differential moved together as opposed to last summer when it moved more widely apart because of the low demand for the power. Now keep in mind as we think about Leidy going forward you think about Leidy for us we have that access, it’s about 25% of Power’s overall gas usage as Ralph just mentioned and I think what we’re still expecting to see and you can see if you look at monthly data going forward is the choppiness to the pattern of how to think about basis. Just like we seen actually now for the last two winters the months make a difference so as we come into 2015 we still expect to see benefit from having Leidy, it’s really just about how that basis differential moves relative to power prices.  And so the winter periods and the strong summer period we would still expect to see some basis differential on our favor. This was just a tough summer because the low demand led to the lower power prices, not because Leidy prices came up because power prices came down. Last year you may recall we had $0.03 from the Leidy benefit in the third quarter and that’s the $0.03 negative year-over-year I’m citing in this year’s third quarter that I attribute to weather. It’s really the spot spread going back to a normal level versus that expanded spot we had given the differential last summer. 
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse: Thank you for that I appreciate it. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jeffries. Please go ahead. 
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. I guess my first question is at a proposed cost of about $600 million that would account to about 1330 per kw how confident are you in your ability to build at that level and I know that that others in the region have experienced a problems building in the Northeast?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah so, good morning Paul you’re obviously quoting around numbers, the team is running through details right now. We’re filing permit applications so we just think of that as one significant figure and not three significant figures in terms of the accuracy. I think the bigger challenges people had in terms of building has been access to gas. That’s been the number one concern and that one we have well in hand. But we don’t want to give you an exact amount on our -- on what kind of bids are we getting from folks in terms of engines. We’re just [continuing] to the back calculating what we might been in the option and that wouldn’t help anyone. 
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC: And then Caroline, just a follow up on that last question, what would be the, you I think provided the quarter contribution as being zero this quarter versus $0.03 in the third quarter last year, what would be the year-to-date numbers on Leidy?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah so year-to-date numbers in terms of the gas benefit we had about $0.03 benefit in the first quarter, remember it was a strong winter so it’s about neutral on a year-to-date basis, about zero. 
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC: And last year, year-to-date?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Last year when the Leidy differential really started to spread it was the end of the second quarter. So there really wasn’t sort of the first quarter of last year effect. So last year at this time it was about $0.03 and for the full year it was $0.05. But that included the fourth quarter so we haven’t got to the fourth quarter yet. So $0.05 full year, $0.03 to this point last year and this year it’s about neutral. 
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC: Great and based on the modified CTA formula that was adopted by the NJ BPU what type of adjustment should we assume for PSE&G rate base if you were to use that methodology?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah, so we’re very pleased obviously with the decision we think it reflects the right balance from the perspective of the company and the rate payers. Thinking about our rate filing which would be made by November of 2017 and then the five year look back period. The impact for us is di minimus. So really not something you really should be thinking too much about as we think about our rate case numbers going forward because by that period if you take a five year look back you do the adjustment you do the 75:25 it’s truly di minimus. 
Ralph Izzo: And you back out transmission. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: And you back out transmission as well right. 
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC: Great, thank you very much. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hi, can you hear me?
Ralph Izzo: Yes Paul. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: You guys have a sort of unique position in New York and I was just wondering with the stuff going on there with the REV, I mean sort of really kind of transformative potential for change in regulation, what you guys see as potentially happening to energy and power prices in the state?
Ralph Izzo: In New York State?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yeah well I mean you guys have LIPO, so I assume you guys are pretty focused on it. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: We don’t have it fully. 
Ralph Izzo: That’s a very complicated question. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, I apologize then, I mean just sort of directionally maybe?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah well I think that a lot of the distributed resources that are being advocated, they are going to put upward pressure on prices for customers. I mean there are other reasons for doing things like with rooftop solar and offshore wind that’s being advocated just off of Long Island, and those are capturing some of the environmental benefits that are not baked in. Right now the missing [extra analogy] if you will. Having said that there are some other parts of the program, specifically energy efficiency which while they will also serve to increase rates they will bring overall bills down.  So I think a lot depends upon how aggressive people want to be in making in-roads to capturing the benefits associated with the [extra analogies]. We are big advocates of this, both on Long Island and New Jersey but we never tell people that doing this stuff is going to lower their rates. It’s -- you’re getting a benefit you’re having to pay for it. So there are some things that we can do in terms of making sure that some of the reinforcements of that would have to be made in the distribution system are foregone or delayed as a result of perhaps some peak shaving or some broader demand response programs that we can target. And there are some parts on Long Island I think it’s on the South Fork where there’s been a significant growth in peak demand and otherwise command the need for some infrastructure that we will be able to delay.  But it really is a much more complicated question than simply gee, we’re doing this to lower everyone’s bills and lower everyone’s rates. The answer really depends on what this is and how aggressive one wants to be on that sort of green agenda. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay fair enough and then just on the -- as you know RPM has been controversial in the past and New Jersey has been sometimes apprehensive about it and I'm just wondering we’ve had several changes with the BPU and we’ve had the potential for several changes happening with DR and capacity performance and everything else, how would you describe the political situation or the general regulatory environment vis-à-vis these issues now as it was in comparison to maybe when the MOPR and the ALCAP issue was going on?
Ralph Izzo: A good question Paul, yes so we had a bit of a change at the BPU. It was all due respect to the commissioners who’ve gone off. We have two new commissions who are quite astute about both energy policy in the form of President Mroz and in terms of the technology strength, weaknesses, limitations in the form of Former Assemblyman Chivukula. He’s a Nautical Engineer by training. He has spent 20 years at Bell Labs. This is a very, very intelligent man who understands the complexity of capital in terms of infrastructure and Rick is well known entity in policy circles in New Jersey and he has actually worked in the energy sphere in the past. So I think that those are two strong additions to balance the BPU. The world is very different now from where it was in El Cap where in the ALCAP days you had strong basis differentials West to East. You have a coal dominated West, the gas dominated East and people were always scratching their heads saying we don’t understand why we pay so much in New Jersey and sadly last month basis was the other way around. It was lower in the West than it was in the East and gas has kind of changed that whole dynamic and I think as a result you’ll see people realizing that the market is working, it’s doing what it’s supposed to do and prices are going to be going up for everybody I believe, and this is a new RPM market as the missing money, appropriately gets restored.  So no one likes to pay high prices for energy, there’s no [inaudible] bucks around that but no one wants to see the lights go out either, we came dangerously close in ’14 and a similar winter in ’15 and they probably would go out. So I think PJM is doing the right thing in trying to address that and New Jersey knows that PJM has done a better job than just about any place in the country in making sure those lights stay on. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great, thanks a lot. 
Kathleen A. Lally : I think operator that’s all the time we have for questions. I’ll turn it over to Ralph for just some closing comments and see you at… 
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Kathleen. So just wanted to reinforce three messages or comments made by Caroline and me earlier. First of all the utility growth story is very much intact and not only is it doing what we said would do this year but following it for is very much exactly on where we said we would be for 2015. Secondly, hopefully you are as impressed by Power’s diverse asset base as we are in terms of not only its strong performance in current markets whatever the gas prices are doing, whatever coal prices are doing but also how strong a performance it is and how well positioned it is even as we look forward to the ever changing environmental rules and market design parameters. I think we have dual fuel capability, we have units that strong and high capacity factors, all of them have a great position in the CP market if the risk reward profile are in the details as we go forward, is done sensibly and I have every reason to believe that PGM moves you that sensibly.  So growth story intact, with the utility Power’s diverse asset base once again demonstrating its strength and last but by no means least the balance sheet remains as strong as ever. So as Kathleen said we look forward to seeing you in days ahead and hopefully for most of us that means the [Inaudible]. Thank you for your time today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect. And thank you for participating.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Skyler, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 30, 2014, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on August 8, 2014. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Skyler. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in PSEG's earnings call this morning. As you are aware, we released our second quarter 2014 earnings statements earlier today, and as mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2014, is expected to be filed shortly. I don't go through and read the entire disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update those statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless we of course are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause those results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations, as well as for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I am now going to turn the call to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group; and joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2014 of $0.49 per share, and that's to be compared with $0.48 per share earned in 2013 second quarter. The results for the quarter bring operating earnings for the first half of 2014 to $1.50 per share compared with operating earnings of $1.33 per share earned in 2013's first-half. Slides 4 and 5 contain the detail on the results for the quarter and the first half. The several results for the quarter are noteworthy. We continue to see benefits to earnings from the increased deployment of capital into our regulated company. Now that's primarily in the form of transmission infrastructure, and we're completing major projects on time and on budget. From our perspective, we're delivering on the promise both for earnings growth and improvement in reliability associated with this multibillion-dollar investment program. We've been able to supplement that growth with a continued focus on controlling O&M costs, and supported rate mechanisms have allowed us to earn the authorized return on our regulated companies investment program. The improvement in earnings from our regulated company, PSE&G, offset the impact of mixed operating conditions during the quarter on Power's results. The costs related to the extended outages at the sale of 2 nuclear facility and the gas-fired Linden combined cycle station, mask the underlying strength of Power's operations. The down time at Linden during the quarter was longer than planned and associated with extensive work being done to test and complete the installation of equipment which has led to a 63-megawatt increase in the station's capacity. During the recent refueling outage at Salem, we discovered the need to make repairs to Salem 2's 4 reactor coolant pumps. The refueling outage was extended approximately 60 days to complete the necessary repairs and the unit was returned to service on July 14. The decision to keep the unit out of service is not made easily. However, only by taking steps necessary in the short term in support of operational excellence were the key assets such as Salem be available on the reliable basis to provide substantial value for years to come. I'm pleased to report that both Linden and Salem 2 have been operating essentially flawlessly since they returned to service. Keeping a focus on operational excellence is the primary means of assuring our customers and regulators that we operate our assets in a safe and reliable manner. We have begun the work recently approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to protect and strengthen PSE&G's electric and gas distribution systems against severe weather conditions. The $1.22 billion Energy Strong investment program represents an initial phase of work designed to upgrade and improve the resilience of our system, and we intend to work with our regulators and other parties to consider additional measures at a later date. This is an opportune time to pursue these investments. Major surcharges on customers' electric bills are scheduled to expire over the next 2 years and the bills for PSE&G's gas customers continue to benefit from the capable management of the company's gas supply, storage and transportation contracts. In fact, PSE&G has filed for a further 9% reduction in the gas rate paid by residential customers. The reduction, which would be effective in time for this year's heating season will be the latest in a series of reductions, which have lowered the customer's gas bills by 44% in the past 5 years. The availability of low-cost gas in the Marcellus Basin and the lack of infrastructure to move the gas to market has been a source of volatility in the Power markets. Power's combined cycle assets in PJM enjoy an economic advantage given actions to low-cost supplies in the Marcellus, particularly during the summer period. As a practice, we don't, and as you will know, forecast results for PSEG's Power beyond the current year and outside of what is implied by the market prices. But we will make note of some consistent improvement in demand that is showing up here in our region. The results of PJM's recent capacity auction point to an improving market environment with the retirement of older, inefficient generating capacity as environmental rules take effect. Power's assets in PJM will also once again receive a price that continues to reflect our assets value given their location relative to load. So for the next 4 years, Power's assets will receive a price for capacity of approximately $166 per megawatt day. The Power markets have gained greater clarity on another key environmental priority. We are pleased that the Environmental Protection Agency has issued its ruling on cooling water, commonly referred to as Section 316b. The agency's ruling substantially addresses many of our concerns, and we are working with the appropriate state environmental agencies on permitting of our affected units. On another environmental matter, the EPA also released its proposed rules concerning a reduction in CO2 from existing generating units. We are supportive of the administration's efforts to enforce the Clean Air Act. Power has made the necessary investments to meet existing air quality environmental requirements and although we expect it may take some time to implement final rules regarding carbon, given the complexity of the proposal, Power's fleet should benefit given the generation profile that is almost 60% carbon-free. Before I conclude, I want to bring you up-to-date on matters relating to Power's trading arm, energy resources and trade, which we commonly refer to as ER&T. As you recall, we indicated with our release of first quarter results that Power informed FERC, PJM and the Independent Market Monitor of PJM that it found errors in some components of its cost base bids for its New Jersey fossil generation units. We began an internal investigation and has since notified FERC, PJM and the IMM that we identified and corrected additional errors. We are working with the appropriate parties but cannot provide you with a timetable as to when this issue will be resolved or whether or not we will be required to recognize another charge against Power's earnings. We take pride in our performance, and candidly, we did not live up to our own standards of applying sufficient rigor in this area, but I can assure you that we corrected all identified errors and we are instituting new processes and controls to reduce the likelihood of a recurrence of this situation. This issue does not change the strong underlying operating performance of Power's fleet of assets that continue to provide solid earnings and good cash flow, given the fleet's favorable location close to load, its dispatch flexibility and fuel diversity. Despite Power's strengths, we have nonetheless changed the profile of our earnings over the past several years. Our investment program focused on improving the reliability in expanding the transmission system has yielded the anticipated outcomes. PSE&G remains on course to achieve double-digit growth in operating earnings during 2014 as its contribution to earnings is expected to exceed 50% of our forecast for the year. The Energy's strong related capital investment provides further support for our forecast of double-digit growth in PSE&G's rate base and earnings over the next several years. Given the strength of Power's operations in the first half of the year and the growth of PSE&G, we feel comfortable saying we expect operating earnings for the full year to be at the upper end of our range of guidance of $2.55 to $2.75 per share, assuming normal weather and operations. The growth in our capital program doesn't diminish the strength of our financial position and our balance sheet. We remain well-positioned to deploy our balance sheet strength to meet shareholder objectives for long-term growth. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline, who will discuss our financials in greater detail
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2014 of $0.49 per share versus operating earnings of $0.48 per share in last year's second quarter. We provide you with the reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter on Slide 4. We've also provided you a waterfall chart on Slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 12 that provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. So I'll now review each company in more detail, starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2014 of $0.30 per share compared to $0.24 per share for the second quarter of 2013, and results for the quarter are shown on Slide 14. PSE&G's operating earnings continue to benefit from an increase in revenue associated with an expansion of its capital program and tight control of its operating costs. PSE&G's results for the quarter were also aided by a reduction in financing costs as weather normalized sales growth, which remains consistent in the slowly improving economy. A FERC approved increase in PSE&G's transmission revenue under the company's formula rate was effective on January 1 of 2014. The increase supported a quarter-over-quarter improvement in the net earnings contribution from transmission of $0.03 per share. Weather conditions during the quarter were unfavorable relative to normal and in comparison to conditions experienced in the year-ago quarter. And these conditions reduced quarterly earnings comparisons by $0.01 per share and offset the favorable impact on earnings from continued growth and demand for gas. PSE&G's focus on controlling the growth and operating expenses, including a decrease in pension expense, led to an improvement in quarter-over-quarter earnings of $0.02 per share. And although the level of debt on PSE&G's balance sheet has grown consistent with the expansion of its capital program, the actual overall cost of debt has declined as a result of the refinancing of higher cost debt and a decline in interest rates. This reduction in financing cost improved earnings comparisons quarter-over-quarter by $0.01 per share. The service area continues to experience a slow improvement in underlying economic conditions. Sales data for the first half of the year, which in general is more reflective of trends than quarterly data, indicate weather-normalized demand for gas grew by 4.4% as decline in prices and an improvement in the economy continue to support demand. Weather normalized electric sales increased by 1.6% during the first-half. Demand from residential customers grew in line with customer growth of about 0.5% as demand from the commercial and industrial sectors improved by 2.1% and 1.7% respectively over the 6-month period. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities or BPU, approved PSE&G's Energy Strong settlement during May. The agreement calls for PSE&G to invest $1.22 billion over the next 3 to 5 years to improve the resiliency of its electric and gas grid. The addition of Energy Strong brings PSE&G's 5-year capital program to approximately $11.3 billion versus our prior forecast of $10.1 billion in spending over the 2014 to 2018 time period, and will provide further support for our double-digit earnings growth in PSE&G's rate base as we've mentioned before. PSE&G's operating earnings increased to 22% during the first half of the year and supports maintenance of our forecast for a growth in operating earnings for 2014 to $705 million to $745 million. Results for the remainder of the year will continue to reflect an increase in transmission revenue and a reduction in operating and maintenance costs, including pension expense. Let's now turn to Power. PSEG Power reported operated earnings of $0.17 per share for the second quarter of 2014 compared with operating earnings of $0.24 per share for the second quarter of 2013. The decline in Power's results for the quarter is the result of the impact on production and O&M expenses associated with the extended outage at the Salem 2 nuclear facility and the maintenance outage at the Linden gas-fired combined cycle facility during which we also upgraded the equipment to increase that station's capacity. Power's quarterly earnings comparisons continue to benefit from a net increase in capacity revenue. Power received capacity prices of $242 per megawatt day during the first 2 months of the quarter versus $153 per megawatt day in the year-ago period before capacity prices reset to $166 per megawatt day effective June 1 of this year. This net increase in capacity prices improved quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. The capacity price benefit plus benefits from lower cost gas offset a decline in average hedge prices and the negative impact from relatively lower market prices in the East resulting from transmission and generation outages outside of our region. Incremental production at the coal-fired and peaking stations partly offset the lower production due to the outages at Salem 2 and the completion of the capacity upgrade work at Linden. The net reduction in output however reduced earnings quarter-over-quarter by $0.03 per share. Operation and maintenance expense, or O&M expense, was higher than the year-ago quarter. Again, the costs associated with the outage in operating work at Linden and the repair at Salem more than offset the benefit from a lower pension expense and altogether, reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. An increase in depreciation expense was offset by a reduction in the tax rate and other miscellaneous items. Output from Power's fleet was 5% lower in the second quarter compared to year-ago levels. Power determined in mid-May at the conclusion of Salem 2's normal refueling outage that was necessary to extend the outage to inspect and repair the reactor's cooling pumps. The unit was returned to service on July 14. The extended outage reduced the nuclear fleet's output in the quarter by 9% to 6.5 terawatt hours, 54% of our generation, and lowered the nuclear fleet's average capacity factor in the quarter to 80.5%. Production from the gas-fired combined cycle fleet declined 11% in the quarter to 3.6 terawatt hours, 30% of the production -- 30% our production as Linden was out of service early in the quarter to complete maintenance and the work associated with the 63 megawatt increase in the unit's capacity which is now in place. Production from the coal-fired and peaking units increased to 27% to 1.9 terawatt hours or 16% of generation, with improved market economics. Power was able to meet its hedged obligations from its on generation despite the decline in output given the fleet's net long position and the availability of the coal-fired units. Power has reduced the upper end of its forecast of output for the full year to 56 to 57 terawatt hours from the previous 56 to 58 terawatt hours to take into account the results for the second quarter. Our forecast, which represents an increase in output for the year of 4% to 6% continues to assume normal operations in weather. Approximately 70% to 75% of generation for the second half of the year is hedged at $50 per megawatt hour. Power has slightly increased its forecast of economic generation for 2015 and 2016 to 55 to 57 terawatt hours per year from the previous 54 to 56 terawatt hours to take into account normal operations and our estimates of a economic dispatch. Power's taking advantage of the strength in market prices earlier this year to hedge a gas-fired combined cycle fleet into the third quarter, and also increase the percent of generation hedged in 2015 and '16 to the upper end of the normal limits that we would normally see at this time. That's in order to take advantage of some opportunities we saw for locked-in heat rate and spark spread. Liquidity has improved somewhat into 2016, but generally speaking, we can think of liquidity as poorer the further you get beyond 2015. Power's combined cycle fleet also benefits in the summer months from its access to low-cost Marcellus gas. Economics are particularly compelling, as gas prices have declined more than Power prices, which has allowed Power to do that key heat rate lock in. For 2015, Power has hedged 65% to 70% of its forecast generation at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. For 2016, Power has hedged approximately 30% to 35% of its generation at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. The hedge data for 2015 also reflects a change in our forecast of the BGS volumes. As a result of the extreme volatility in market prices for energy experienced earlier in the year, we have seen some return of customers to the BGS contract but not a lot. So our forecast for 2015 now assumes BGS volumes represent 11 terawatt hours of demand, more in line with the forecast volumes for 2014 than our prior forecast which had assumed BGS volumes of 10 terawatt hours as we move into 2015. As Ralph mentioned, we are working with FERC, PJM and the Independent Market Monitor, or IMM, to determine the impact of identified errors in our bidding processes. We recorded a charged operating earnings of $25 million or $0.03 per share in the first quarter based on the information available at that time. On discovery of the errors, we initiated an investigation and identified additional errors in our bids and further determined that the quantity of energy that Power offered into the day ahead energy market for its fossil peaking units differed from the amounts for which Power was compensated in the capacity market for those units. Based on information currently available to us, we've generally not seen an impact on our realtime operations for these units. We informed the FERC, PJM and the IMM of these additional issues and we have corrected these errors. We have not recorded an additional charge to income in the second quarter over the amount we reserved earlier this year. PSEG doesn't have access to PJM's proprietary data to determine if the differences in quantity have had any impact, and if so the level of that impact. However, FERC has the authority to investigate the matter, which could result in FERC seeking disgorgement of any over-collected amounts, civil penalties and non-financial remedies. The forecast range of Power's operating earnings for 2014 remains unchanged as $550 million to $610 million with full year operating earnings expected to be at the upper end of the range, assuming normal weather and normal unit operations. Our forecast includes all of the issues we just discussed, including the $0.03 per share charge in the first quarter related to the items I just discussed. Results for the remainder of the year will be influenced by a reset in the average price received on PJM capacity to $166 per megawatt day, which started in June, from the $242 per megawatt day we've seen previously, as well as a decline in the average price of energy hedges. O&M expense is expected to compare favorably in the second half of the year given a reduction in pension expense and the absence of major outage-related work in the year-ago period. For the full year, however, Power's O&M is expected to be flat against 2013's experience, given the increased cost associated with the extended outages. Let me now turn briefly to PSEG Enterprise and Other. Operating earnings for PSEG Energy Holdings/Enterprise in the second quarter of 2014 were $7 million, rounded about $0.02 per share versus operating earnings of $2 million or basically breakeven results during the second quarter of 2013. The results for 2014 reflect the inclusion of earnings from PSEG Long Island's operating contract and the absence of some charges in the year-ago quarter. PSEG Long Island filed its first Utility 2.0 proposal on July 1 of this year. The proposal calls for investing $200 million in energy efficiency, demand response programs, distributed generation and related programs over a 4-year period beginning in 2015, and we expect a response to our proposal by year end. We continue to forecast full year operating earnings for PSEG Enterprise and Other of $35 million to $40 million. Just a brief note on financing, during the quarter, PSE&G issued a total of $500 million of medium-term notes consisting of $250 million of 5 year notes at 1.8% and 30-year notes of 4%. These funds will be used in PSE&G's capital requirements. PSE&G's capital budget is currently 15% to 20% greater than what we told you in the spring and is now expected to approximate $11.3 billion over the 5-year period from 2014 to 2018, which brings our plans for our consolidated PSEG capital spending to $13 billion over that same period. We ended the quarter with debt representing 42% of consolidated capital. The improvement in PSE&G's earnings and cash flow, as well as our continued strong earnings and cash generated by Power support our financing requirements without the need to issue equity. And while I think we've demonstrated with the growth in PSE&G's capital program, we continue to seek opportunities to deploy our investment capacity to drive growth. We continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.55 to $2.75 per share, but we do anticipate the results for the full year to be at the upper end of our range, assuming normal weather and normal unit operations. And with that, we're ready for your questions. So Skyler, I'll turn it back to you.
Operator: . [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Caroline, you just mentioned that the company continues to see opportunities to redeploy cash flow to drive growth. Can you -- certainly, transmission investments are one major area there. Maybe you can outline for us, are there other areas that you see -- and Energy Strong, I guess, I should say as well. So those strike me as the 2 big buckets. What else should we be looking for, and are there other arenas that you're considering that may not be front and center now but could be an afterburner effect later on?
Ralph Izzo: I'm sorry to disappoint you, but Ralph will answer, actually. So we only talked about things that are fully baked but before this question comes up so often, I'll just give you a couple of examples. We have been in conversation with the BPU staff about the modest, by our definition, modest $100 million energy efficiency program. Ralph Larosa is the incoming Chair of the American Gas Association. He was in DC yesterday where he heard nothing but concerns expressed by the Obama administration and many other attendees on methane emissions, fugitive methane emissions from gas pipes and our BPU has fiscally [ph] supported, I guess, cast iron maintenance infrastructure replacement program and you will probably see that as the first thing in Energy Strong that we go in for an increase on. We had our first public hearing on Long Island over Utility 2.0, with $200 million program we've put in, and I would say that if there was one message that came from that meeting, it was that we were being too timid and it needed to be bigger. Now that's only one of several hearings that we'll have on the subject. We get a chance to refresh that proposal in October. So the onset belief came out just this past month, if I'm not mistaken, usually comes out in June, I shouldn't say why those come out in June this year and will be looking at PJM open window on some of the problems identified in there. I don't want to give a number there because I just heard from Ralph only a day ago on that, and that number moves around depending on the engineering analysis. So I just mentioned a few things that all start with 9 figures, and as Caroline mentioned, I think our 5-year capital program increased by 50% from last year to this year, and it's now up by 23% between March and July. So I don't want to guarantee that that's what will happen on the next quarterly call, but we don't seem to be running out of infrastructure needs in this region.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And just to focus on one item of infrastructure. Can you give us the outlook for the Artificial Island project with the reconsideration now and how we mark our scorecards to see this going forward?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I was hoping that you would have the answer for that. I mean, this is witnessing the making of sausage, the making of law, and the making of everything else. I mean in defense of PJM and they don't need me to defend them, this is a brand-new tariff in response to brand-new regulation in a first-time major process. So we're seeing growing pains. I would be less than 100% candid if I didn't express disappointment at the board's action last week. Having said that, what the board said is they are are inviting the finalists and we are one of the 4 finalists down from whatever the original number was which is the number I think at least double that and they want some more information. I don't even know the exact nature of the additional information they want. I do know that we're going to do $2.2 billion of transmission this year on top of $1.6 billion of transmission last year and we've got a great team who will be able to answer any one of those questions and outshine the competition. I think it's just growing pains of a brand-new tariff and a brand-new program that PJM is experiencing right now.
Operator: And the next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So perhaps going back to the Energy Strong side of the equation, just following up there. I mean, obviously there's a number of things that didn't ultimately get put into that package. Is their potential of going back and pick up some of those last items and kind of the reflect that in your CapEx year at some point?
Ralph Izzo: So the answer to that, Julien, is yes. I think if could steer you in certain directions, it's more likely that we'll go in first on the gas side because that work is expected to be complete in a 2 to 3-year timeframe. And just the fact that notwithstanding that, that will be our fourth request for gas infrastructure improvement, these things take many months to get approved. So we wouldn't wait until we were running out of work, and I'm sorry, running out of approval because there's no chance that we'll run out of work. On the substation work, that really is scheduled to go 5 years and candidly, we were not convinced that given the amount of transmission work that we have and the 29 switching and substations that we plan to work on that we want to put the system much more in configuration that is as tenuous as it would be with all that electrical work going on. Some of the stuff that went away was making the distribution system smarter. That one is a little tougher to predict. So a little bit of a long-winded answer, but the short answer is there's no doubt that before the 3 to 5 year period is up, we will be back in and my prediction today would be that we would be back in on the gas pipe replacement first and foremost.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Any sense of magnitude there, or is it still too early to expect?
Ralph Izzo: We intended to talk about $200 million to $300 million a year is about the size of the program we can reasonably manage. If there were emergency issues, which we do not have, you'd somehow find a way to do more than that, but right now the emergent issue that seems to be coming up is the order of magnitude increase in greenhouse gas effect that comes from fugitive methane emissions and the desire and the policy circles, fairly prominent policy circles, to do more about that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then going back to the Artificial Island side of the equation, just to be clear, is this really about capital cost and who can deliver the cheapest project? Is that where this is headed? I mean it's tough to tell obviously or is this about terms, conditions ultimately indicating that you can partner with or someone else can get involved in your territory?
Ralph Izzo: I think it's more the former, but simply answering the question that way oversimplifies it. I mean, these are complicated engineering solutions to a sophisticated set of infrastructure assets in the infrastructure. So it would be a mistake for anyone to assume that just because a project is less expensive than another, that it is preferred from a consumer point of view. That's the equivalent to saying, gee, I could buy that car for $10,000 and that car for $100,000, I should buy the $10,000 car and then you fail to recognize that but no you need the $100,000 crane because you're in the construction business and the $10,000 smart car isn't going to quite help you be able to move that equipment around. I'm sure I don't have the right brands and dollar amounts there, but you know my point that these are not commodity services, these are sophisticated engineering services. The terms and conditions issue that you allude to is, I think, it's fairly well-understood that some people have come in after the process, who said we will guarantee a price. Well, the prudent buyer would say, let me understand that guarantee. Is it bumper to tail pipe? Is it just the drivetrain which doesn't fall apart? But for $200,000 miles and now you've extended the warranty from 15,000 to 75,000 miles? So there are some terms and conditions element, there are some pricing elements and I think that's why the PJM board simply said, gee, we're getting a little bit more noise in the system then we'd like to under first time in a project and I don't mean to speak for the PJM board, I don't have that ability. But let's just ask more questions. They did not come out and say you picked the wrong project by any stretch of the imagination. They just want more information on those issues that you implied would be front and center.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: There was some discussion surrounding the Tepco acquisition and, of course, you guys are located in New Jersey, and I'm sure you guys are aware of the press reports. I'm just wondering sort of philosophically if you look at the potential amount of leverage that might be used in that transaction, and what you're seeing with respect to the discussion with CTA in New Jersey? Is there any change or thoughts that you guys might have in terms of leverage over the long-term at public-service?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Paul, it's Caroline, thanks for your question. So yes, obviously, saw what Exelon said in terms of how they were financing that acquisition. So part of that, I guess I'd characterize, not really surprising. We look at our own balance sheet, and we obviously are always in discussions with the rating agencies. Given the fact that we don't have any parent leverage, right, we have the occasional commercial paper but our long-term debt is at our operating companies. We talked about investment capacity. We tend to talk to you about Power and Power's debt-to-cap profile, where that stands at the end of the period and what its investment capacity is, but we've always recognized that we do have incremental investment capacity at the parent that we could deploy and in conversations with the rating agencies, the deployment for that to regulated, right, investment is something that works very well. So the way I look at that is given where Power's performance has been, and as I think we know where the company ended the quarter and Power,of course, ended the quarter debt-to-cap at 32%, there's significant amount of capacity at Power but there also is that parent-related investment capacity. And so when we talk about things internally in terms of opportunities, some of the things that Ralph was mentioning earlier, we look at that from the perspective of having a balance sheet that has a lot of room not just a room for Power but also the room for parent if it's oriented toward regulated. So maybe that was the first largest announcement of use of that kind of capacity that we've seen, but we recognize that we have it as well. And, of course, continuing to run our businesses appropriately and keeping the right capital structure at PSE&G, et cetera, and then seeking out regulated opportunity. So If I look at that is just, we're reinforcing the fact that we have ample room.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then with respect to this PJM Independent Marketing Monitor stuff, I wasn't completely clear exactly what you guys indicated happened. It suggested that there were some additional pricing areas in the cost based bids that were identified with the quantity of energy that Power offered into the energy market that's differed from the amount that Power was compensated in the capacity market for those units, I'm just trying to get an idea, what does that actually sort of mean for somebody who's a little bit less sophisticated on what actually happened, I guess.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, so you had it right in terms of -- in the first quarter we talked about the cost base bids and then the incremental information that we identified during this quarter was other errors but also this capacity issue. And so sort of trying to say it again. So we had -- we offer, of course, our units into the day ahead energy market, we offer an amount of megawatts into the day ahead energy market and what we have seen is, at times, we did not offer the capacity into the day ahead energy market that was equivalent to the amount of capacity that we have, we were getting paid for from the capacity auction results. So as I said, generally speaking, what I'm talking about is offering into the day ahead market, that differential, not generally speaking impact on the realtime operation of the unit. So it's about the bidding in the day ahead generally speaking more than it is about the operation in the realtime. So it's a differential. And then as I said we're in the process of investigating that, doing the analysis and working with the IMM and PJM and we've informed FERC. This day ahead, this issue about the capacity difference you may recall I mentioned in my remarks it's about our peakers. So not about all of our units, but our fossil peaking units in the day ahead market.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, I got you. And then just, finally, the methane emissions issue and the policy objective and the opportunity, you mentioned now, I think this might start within 9 figures. Could you just give a little bit more of a flavor of sort of the total opportunity that might be involved in that? I noticed there's other stuff that was coming out yesterday from the DOE and I just supposed, I was thinking about this, I mean, anymore you can share with us about what that could possibly mean? These methane leaks, sort of plugging them up and the benefit there?
Ralph Izzo: We have, I think, 4,000-miles of cast iron main pipe needs to be replaced. I don't know the mount of bare steel pipes that we have, that needs to be replaced and typically speaking, what Energy Strong had how much, for how many miles?
Caroline D. Dorsa: We're doing 350 for Energy Strong 1.4 million per mile.
Ralph Izzo: It's about $1.4 million per mile, Paul. If you take that 4,000 miles and multiply by 1.4 million that you get up really rough ballpark. Yes there's $350 million in Energy Strong to replace 250 miles.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: For the methane escape issue, isn't that sort of a climated issue that is separate from Energy Strong, I thought there was an additional amount [ph]?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, yes, yes, that's correct, I was connecting 2 disparate thoughts. So we've been on a long-standing program to replace our cast iron main because it is the oldest part of our gas distribution system. It's the leakiest part of our gas distribution system. It doesn't have any safety consequences from the point of view of high-pressure, it's a low pressure, low utilization system. But just from a point of view of good operational practices, you don't want leaky pipes. What's been added to the calculation of why it's important to do it is concerned over the greenhouse gas effect associated with methane being, I think, I've read estimates of 30 to 35x more impactful per pound of CO2. So that's just an added impetus for a program that's been underway for many years now to replace the cast iron main.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So you don't have a dollar number sort of?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, if you want to replace all 4,000 miles, you can multiply....
Operator: Next question is from Dan Eggers from Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just can you maybe give us an update or is there a way to quantify how much benefit you guys saw in the second quarter because of the advantaged gas supply contracts in Power and how should we think about maybe the benefit in the third quarter this year versus last year, seeing how wide based it is today?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Dan, thanks for the question. Not much impact in the second quarter. So about a penny, even that's rounded into the numbers I gave you relative to overall pricing impacts, so offsetting capacity upsides. That's not surprising to us. Remember, we talked about last year in the second quarter was when we actually first saw this differential come into play, and actually it had a similar impact in last year's second quarter again rounding to about $0.01. You may remember with the third quarter that we actually talked more about it because of the summer season we had a nice warm summer last year you had the supply demand imbalance, more supply trying to get onto the pipe, right. And so the differential widened out and we got about $0.03 a share benefit in the third quarter. So not surprising in the shoulder season and, of course, this is a season where we haven't had as warm of weather as we would normally have at the end of the second quarter, it's cooler than normal and cooler than last year, you're not seeing a lot of that benefit, not surprising you won't see as much. So differential for Leidy is ranging and looking a little bit ahead $0.50 to $1 right now, just given supply demand issues as people refill storage. That's not surprising. We saw it depending on those supply demand conditions, you can see that bases really move around. So we still think we're obviously, we're well positioned and whenever we can capture that advantage, we will take it and you'll see it come through our numbers. Can't really forecast obviously the rest of this quarter, we have to see what the summer turns out to be, it was cool in my house this morning, I don't know about yours, but we'll see how that goes. But we still have that Evergreen opportunity on the pipeline with those contracts that Power has, residential customer of course, gets first claim that's why you don't hear us talk about it in winter right because the residential customers using it for heating, but in the summer where there is obviously not as much heating demand we can get that benefit. So I still think it's something you should look to us to try to capture whenever we can. We'll report on how we do at the end of the summer in the third quarter, but as I said, not surprising that 2Q is about the same as last year's 2Q and again a reminder that advantage Power has is an evergreen advantage over all, you may remember last year we said about 25% of the gas that we use for our generation on a net basis, net 25 across the year is Leidy sourced but it's peaky, it's peaky and that's summer period, it's much less so in the winter.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It brings me to my next question, the guidance kind of the pointing at the top end of the range, how is that reflecting kind of the absence of July weather so far?
Ralph Izzo: So Dan, whenever we give information it's up-to-the-minute, so we obviously have taken into account July and we've looked at a 10 to 14-day forecast. So all of that's factored in. By the way, I just saw yesterday that it is being called the polar vortex again. So evidently in July, that's 74 degrees versus negative 17 . But yes, the recent weather and the near term forecast is included in the upper end of guidance. Thanks for asking that because beyond that range, we would assume normal weather.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then I guess this is the last question, Caroline, how should we think about tax rate for this year given the fact the rate came in lower in the second quarter? And what would be your expectations for next year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, So I think in terms of tax rate, you should pretty much think of our tax rate as relatively steady for the businesses. Sometimes we have smaller adjustments in the tax rate so just a little bit of benefit in Power for the tax rate this year. We closed out audits. Obviously that affects things, production, deduction, you calculate that as you look at it overall the amount of generation that your source from market versus what you produce. Those kind of things I think is just noise. So I would think of your tax rate as basically consistent for Power and for the utility on the year-on-year basis. The only thing that might bounce your tax rate a little bit on a quarterly basis now that we of the Solar Source business in Power and Solar Source goes into, as the unit comes into service, you see that little bit of boost benefit, if you will, right, a little bit of benefit for the portion of the ITC that you see kind of on through the P&L as a permanent difference. Other than that, I think you should expect it to be pretty smooth.
Operator: And the next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Wondering about the outage at Salem. Was there anything in the work that you did there that perhaps, I guess, for lack of better term, pulled ahead work or work that you would have done or had to do in 1 year or 2 years and that you're able to do at this point? Is there anything in that ...
Ralph Izzo: Nothing that would meaningfully change the duration of the next refueling outage, Travis. But believe me, that topic was front and center often as we waited for the coolant pumps to come back from the refurbishment of the vendors. But with by no means when we skip an outage nor should you think about any material shortening of the next refueling outages which should be 18 months from now.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Different talk, but now that you have certainty on the Energy Strong investment needs, what are your thoughts around equity needs and use of balance sheet right now and use of retained earnings financing that?
Ralph Izzo: So we consistently and remain firm in our belief that we do not have any need for outside equity for the fairly robust capital program we have. Caroline, you may want to answer?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, Travis as I mentioned just earlier, we closed the quarter with the debt-to-cap of the company at 42 and for Power at 32, we also talked about the fact that we know if you have more regulated investments to do, we even have parents at capacity. So there's a lot of room on the balance sheet, not to say that we haven't used it right to consistently identify things as Ralph has mentioned to put balance sheet to work. But when I look at this and then I look at the things that we were just talking about earlier whether it's more on the gas side that we might be able to do next round of something following Energy Strong, more transmission in the open window, potential for Artificial Island if it comes our way, potential for more things that we might identify on an infrastructure basis and I look at a lot of those kinds of things that we identify and they do add up but none of them add up to suggest that the balance sheet we have can't support that, and more. And, of course, for things like transmission, as you know, under our formula rates, it's a realtime, we're not lagging and so cash comes back as well so I look at this and say we have our conversations and talk about opportunities. We have a balance sheet that can support that and nothing gets close to equity issuance.
Operator: And the next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to understand a little better the thought process behind the charge related to the cost base bidding issues there. In the first quarter you've identified that the initial issue you took a charge you didn't tell us how much it was. And then this quarter, you are telling us how much that charge was. You've identified the issue might be broader, and have some other aspects to it, but you haven't added to the charge. So should we read into that, that you feel that you took adequate reserve or you just have no way of estimating it? If that was the case, initially, why did you come up with $25 million? Is there any context you can give there, Ralph?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, I'll answer that, Jonathan. So thanks for asking the question. We should be clear here. So as you recall, we said we took a charge in the first quarter. We didn't identify what it was. So obviously, it was the source to lot of conversation. So we thought it was appropriate to tell you what we took in the first quarter, which was the $25 million, the $0.03 a share was all embedded into Power's operating earnings for the first quarter. And the standard on which we rely here in determining that charge is the accounting standard for contingency. So you may be familiar with it, but if not, let me just be a little bit descriptive. The accounting guidelines for the time for which we took the charge in the first quarter essentially worked this way: you take a look at what potential issue might be if you need to take a charge or a reserve. And if you identify a particular number that you think is the most likely number, then you book that. If you don't know a most likely number but you have a range of potential outcomes, all of which given the level of uncertainty you can't really ascribe differential probabilities to, then you book the low end of that range. And that's what we did in the first quarter. That's what the $25 million represented when we took the charge in the first quarter. As I mentioned during the remarks and also in an earlier question, we've identified some additional errors, as well this quantity matter that I was just describing before as well. And so as we looked at the second quarter, we didn't have any basis on which to revise that number or change that number and we determined that we would leave that number where it is. So that, what I'm saying here is you should not interpret that to say that is the best number when we took the number. The charge in the first quarter we were taking the low end of the range and at this point we don't have any sufficient additional information to change the value right now because we're in the process, as I mentioned, and that process could result in a change in the value.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One other follow-up on that, is there any aspect to this which is sort of ongoing affecting your earnings power? There are constantly changes in practice and systems you talked about. Are we going to notice any of that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, so the guidance that we gave you and the upper end of the range guidance, we're really talking about Power's operational earnings power. And Power's operational earnings power is unchanged in how we bid the units and how the units run and the capacity factors and Salem getting back and Linden having more megawatts. So we don't see this as changing the ability of Power to continue to garner the value it garners from its location. So I would say no to that. This is something we need to work through and there we will update you as we go and there may be more to say in subsequent quarters, because we are just in the process now. But it doesn't change the fundamentals of how you should think about Power operating in the market.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is more a sort of retroactive thing, if I may, either penalties or disgorgement or whatever that may occur, but the go forward is not really affected?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So you're correct. This is something that may result in incremental charges, it may result in penalties. But we just don't know enough right now to give you any guidance in that regard.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, did you have an update on when do you think you might have some clarity on that. I apologize if you already said that.
Ralph Izzo: That's okay, Jonathan. No we -- actually, we don't. As I mentioned earlier, and Ralph mentioned as well, we did inform the FERC, we've been in discussions with PJM and the Independent Market Monitor, so there are many parties into this conversation appropriately. And so we can't really give an estimate of the timeframe at this point. We're continuing to obviously work with all those parties.
Operator: The next question as from Paul Fremont of Jeffries.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Really two things. One, can I get a reaction to the staff recommendation on the consolidated tax adjustment, and what that might mean for Public Service Enterprise for Public Service Electric and Gas?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, you know the CTA, as recommended, of course, which is not final, right, it's just recommended, takes a view of taking a 5-year look back from the date of filing, also takes a view of separating out transmission from distribution and then 75% to the company, 25% to the -- for the benefit of the customer. So we think that is a very good outcome, and we think if that were to be the final rule, we think that would be fine from the PSE&G perspective and we'll continue, we think, to appropriately reflect how to think about taxes and, therefore, appropriately encourage incremental investments. So if that were the outcome, which is as I said is not the final outcome, that would be a good outcome from our perspective.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I mean, are you able to sort of quantify the potential rate base impact of, if that recommendation were adopted?
Ralph Izzo: It would be de minimis, it would not be material.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then the second question I have is, you guys mentioned the 316b final rules at EPA, where do you currently stand with the Salem water discharge permit?
Ralph Izzo: So I believe our Salem water discharge permit expired some years ago and it's been held in advance waiting for the EPA rules to come out. So we have had some very preliminary meetings with the EP staff not only on Salem but some of our fossil units that now can have their permits refreshed given the promulgation of the rule. I'm pretty sure that the 316b rule, as proposed by EPA have named traveling restructuring as the best technology available for impingement; entrainment [ph] is more of site-specific determination. So the ink wasn't dry when we called up VP [ph] and said let's talk about these permits.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So you're essentially -- you would like to see sort of a ruling that's consistent with the EPA standards, then, at the same level?
Ralph Izzo: That's right, Paul.
Kathleen A. Lally: Operator, I think we're going to move to closing comments right now, given the fact we're at the noon hour. So I'm going to turn it back over to Ralph for closing comments before concluding.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Kathleen. So just to recap. We obviously had some help from weather in the markets earlier in year. Mostly weather early in the year and a little more help from the markets early in the spring which we were able to capitalize on in some of our hedging activity, as Carol described for you. We're not getting any help from the weather lately and we didn't do ourselves a favor with some of our operational challenges in the spring. But when I add up all of those challenges, whether it's weather or operational, I am pleased to guide you to the upper end of the range, even having put all that into the stew. And I'm even more happy about the fact that all those challenges are in the rearview mirror and that plants are running well now as Carolyn dialogued with Jonathan alluded to, even the bidding issues at our trading group we've corrected in the errors that we were aware of have been corrected in, that's in the rearview mirror. The balance sheet remains strong, and investment program is on track, we don't need new equity, we can do all that and still support growth in the dividend. So with that, I'll just say thank you for joining us on the call. We'll see you in various venues in the fall and then I'm sure, late in the fall. And that will be it from here. Thank you, all.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, operator. With that, we're going to conclude today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Ali, and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference call, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, May 1, 2014, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern time on May 8, 2014. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Ali, I appreciate that. Good morning, everyone. I apologize for the slight delay in our call this morning. I appreciate your patience with us, as there's a lot of earnings calls this morning. We do appreciate your participation in our earnings call, and as you are aware, we released first quarter 2014 earnings statements earlier this morning. And the release and the attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. The 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2014, is expected to be filed shortly. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have made on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes, unless of course, we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or our other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And at the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2014 of $1.01 per share. That's a 19% increase over the first quarter of 2013's operating earnings of $0.85 per share. I'm extremely pleased with PSEG's results. We delivered on many fronts during the quarter. For anyone on this call listening who resides on the East Coast, I don't need to tell you how cold it was this winter. You experienced the polar vortex and we experienced it as well. The record low temperatures challenged our employees, our equipment and our markets. Our readiness was tested at a critical time, and the effort that PSEG's employees put in to secure the availability of our equipment and maintain the reliability of the system was evident and appreciated by customers. The extreme cold weather caused stress around the system from freezing coal-handling equipment at some facilities and playing havoc with other equipment, which resulted in forced outages at some of our coal, gas and peaking units. And there was a need to response to the stress the weather placed on our electric and gas distribution system with additional repair work. Despite these challenges, the strength of Power's fleet was demonstrated in the first quarter through its dispatch flexibility and diverse fuel mix. Our dual fuel coal units were able to run on gas, and when necessary, our peaking units with dual fuel capability ran on fuel oil when gas wasn't available. And our nuclear fleet continued to perform at high levels, operating at a 100% capacity factor. Even though some of our gas generation was curtailed, we were able to get sufficient gas to operate our units at critical times. Our coal and peaking stations responded to the improvement in market economics, and given the responsiveness of our employees, the impact of outages was limited and the fleet was available to meet the strong demand. The extremes in weather created substantial volatility in the market. PSEG Power's diverse fuel mix and dispatch flexibility allowed Power to capture margin on its net long position as it responded to the increasing demand. The strong interaction between our station managers and commercial teams resulted in the adjustment of scheduled outage work and assured the supply of energy in support of customer needs. We were also able to pull forward major work at our Linden units to upgrade with Advanced Gas Path technology in advance of the summer season. Our access to low-cost gas supplies continued to yield benefits for our customers. During the month of February and March, PSE&G's customers received bill credits amounting to $115 million. That's an important savings at any time of the year. Our operating earnings in the quarter also reflect the benefit of an increase in the capital invested in our stable regulated business. This increased investment continues to drive earnings growth and improvement in reliability of PSE&G as it transforms the profile of our company. PSE&G's capital program remains on schedule. In 2014, PSE&G is expected to invest $2.2 billion in electric and gas infrastructure upgrades to its transmission and distribution facilities to maintain reliability as part of a 5-year $10 billion capital program. We reached a milestone as part of our capital program that we are quite proud of. The first segment of the Susquehanna-Roseland 500 kV transmission line went into service during the month of April. We expect to complete construction of the SR towers and the lines heading west to the Delaware Water Gap this summer. Our section of the line, an investment of approximately $790 million, will eventually connect with PPL's portion. And Susquehanna-Roseland is expected to be fully operational in 2015 when PPL completes construction on the western portion of the line. This will be a major achievement. SR's 2015 operational date would be 12 years after the August 2003 block out and almost a decade after PGM identified the critical system needs required to upgrade aging infrastructure and relieve overloaded power lines. PSE&G energized the Burlington-Camden 230 kV line this week, ahead of schedule, and it is on schedule to energize to address the North Central Reliability transmission line this summer. These projects represent a total investment of approximately $790 million and are designed to improve power [ph] quality and system reliability. All 3 lines are part of PSE&G's ongoing transmission program, representing $6.8 billion of the $10 billion capital program I mentioned a moment ago and providing double-digit growth in PSE&G's operating earnings through 2016. As PSE&G's investment in transmission is expected to drive its earnings growth, it is also expected to further diversify PSE&G's asset base as transmission gross will represent more than 45% of PSE&G's rate base over the next 3 years. Transmission lines and switching stations are the backbone of our electric grid, ensuring that we can transport power to where it's needed safely and reliably. This will assume greater importance as we begin to experience growth, although still modest, in weather-normalized electric demand. The polar vortex exposed the critical need to maintain and improve on the resiliency of our infrastructure, the need to replace aging equipment and maintain the level of service demanded by our customers, and it highlighted the everyday truth that not investing in the system can have a real cost. We expect the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to rule on PJM's proposed changes for a demand response prior to the upcoming RPM auction as they switch over to Power now. We're supportive of PJM's proposals and believe the rule changes will be a good step in recognizing the need for a more level playing field among suppliers. So as we look ahead, Power has also invested in necessary retrofits to its fossil units to meet existing environmental requirements. Earlier this week, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling upholding the Environmental Protection Agency's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, or CSAPR as we often refer to. As you may recall, this was vacated by the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. We're studying the ruling and await word from EPA and its intention with regard to implementing CSAPR. With its implementation, we would see reductions in NOx emissions in addition to the SO2 reductions achieved through the implantation of the Mercury and Air Toxics rule, commonly referred to as MATS. The Supreme Court ruling validates the investments we made to satisfy of environmental requirements, and supports expectations for the retirement of plants that don't meet EPA requirements. As I mentioned earlier, the first quarter represented a significant challenge. Through it, we demonstrated the strength of our assets and the talent of our employees, their focus on the mission of providing safe, reliable energy allowed us to meet the needs of our customers and shareholders. The first quarter was very strong financially and operationally and we are maintaining our operating earnings guidance for 2014 of $2.55 to $2.75 per share, given the importance of normal weather to third quarter earnings expectations for both Utility and for Power. We have a proven strategy and we continue to reap benefits from our robust business mix. Our strong financial position will allow us to meet our goals without the need to dilute shareholders through the issuance of equity, and our employees provide me with a confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term goals. With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2014 of $1.01 per share versus operating earnings of $0.85 per share in last year's first quarter. We provide you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter on Slide 4. As you can see on Slide 8, PSEG Power provided the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.58 per share compared with $0.50 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.42 per share compared with $0.35 per share last year. And PSEG Enterprise/Other, or the parent, contributed operating earnings of $0.01 per share compared with breakeven operating earnings during the first quarter of 2013. We've provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 9 to take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business, and I'll now review each company in more detail. First, let's turn to PSE&G. As shown on Slide 11, PSE&G reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2014 of $0.42 per share compared with $0.35 per share for the first quarter of 2013. PSE&G's earnings for the first quarter reflect the benefit of an increase in revenue associated with its expanded capital investment program, an improvement in demand, under-reduction and pension expense. Slide 12 provides a reconciliation of the items that influence PSE&G's quarter-over-quarter earnings. FERC authorized PSE&G's request for an annual increase in transmission revenue under the company's formula rate filing. The increase in revenue, which was effective on January 1 of this year, supported a quarter-over-quarter increase and a net earnings contribution from transmission of $0.03 per share. Demand for electricity and gas in the quarter was influenced by weather, which was significantly colder than both normal weather and the weather of a year ago. The impact of the colder-than-normal weather on electric demand added $0.01 per share to quarter-over-quarter earnings. The impact of weather on gas demand, as you would expect, was recaptured in the weather-normalization clause and didn't impact earnings comparisons. Apart from the weather, an improvement in the weather-normalized gas demand and volumes added $0.02 per share to quarter-over-quarter earnings. Gas deliveries continued to benefit from sustained low commodity prices and slowly recovering economic conditions. On a weather-normalized basis, gas deliveries are estimated to have increased by about 3.4% in the quarter. Earnings also improved by $0.01 per share due to a reduction in the effective tax rate and all other items. And the reduction in PSE&G's pension expense was fully offset by some higher operating and maintenance expense associated with weather-related repair costs, resulting in a flat O&M comparison quarter-over-quarter. Economic conditions in the service area led by the housing market are exhibiting slow but steady signs of improvement. On a weather-normalized basis, electric sales were estimated to have improved by 1.3% in the quarter, led by a 2.9% growth in sales to commercial customers. But this level of growth may be greater than the underlying improvement in economic conditions, given Sandy-related adjustments to billings in the year-ago quarter. And you'll recall we mentioned last year that Sandy impacted normal billing patterns during that quarter and immediately after. Weather-normalized electric sales to residential customers are estimated to have increased by a more modest 0.6% in the first quarter. Turning to investments, despite the extreme cold weather experienced in the quarter, PSE&G has been able to maintain its schedule for capital spending and remains on target to invest up to $2.2 billion on electric and gas infrastructure upgrades during 2014 to maintain reliability. As Ralph mentioned, a portion of the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line was energized from the new Hopatcong switching station to Roseland earlier this year, and the North Central Reliability and Burlington-Camden 230 kV lines are on schedule to be in service to meet this summer's peak electricity demand. PSE&G is earning its authorized ROE for the 12 months ended March 31, 2014. We're maintaining our forecast for double-digit growth in PSE&G's operating earnings for 2014 to $705 million to $745 million as well as expectations for double-digit earnings growth through 2016. Now let's move to Power. As shown on Slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.58 per share compared with $0.50 per share 1 year ago. The earnings release and Slide 16 provide you with detailed analysis of the impact on Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter from changes in revenue and costs. Power's first quarter results, which are $0.08 per share higher than last year, benefited from an increase in revenue. Higher capacity prices, an improvement in the economic dispatch of Power's fleet, and an increase in output more than offset the impact of higher costs associated with the need to meet the increased demand as well as the need to undertake planned outages and the cost associated with completing the capacity upgrade work at Linden. Now let's turn to Power's operations. Power's output increased approximately 3% in the quarter from the year-ago levels, and Power's assets were well positioned to take advantage of market movements in the quarter, given Power's hedging strategy, dispatch flexibility and diverse fuel mix. The base load nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 100% in the quarter, as Ralph mentioned, and it produced 55% of Power's total generation in the quarter, or 8 terawatt hours. Production from the combined cycle fleet declined 8% to 3.4 terawatt hours in the quarter, or 23% of total generation. Output at the Bethlehem, New York, facility was hurt by a decline in gas availability and Linden's availability was affected by a decision to extend an outage to complete the AGP capacity upgrade work, actually ahead of schedule. An improvement in dark spreads supported an increase in output from the coal stations, particularly from the Connecticut-based Bridgeport Harbor station, so production from the coal fleet increased 15% to 2.6 terawatt hours, or 18% of total generation. The cold weather and increased demand supported the economic dispatch of the steam and peaking units, which provided 4% of the fleet's output in the quarter. Slide 17 provides more details on the generation in the quarter. The combination of higher capacity prices and an increase in market prices on Power's unhedged position more than offset the impact of lower average price upon hedges and the need to meet the demand under the fixed-price full-requirements BGS contract. For the quarter, Power's gross margin as -- gross margins, as shown on Slide 19, expanded to $50 per megawatt hour from $47.50 per megawatt hour last year. Lastly, impacting electric gross margins, Power has identified that it incorrectly calculated certain components of its cost base bids for certain generating units in the PJM energy market, with resulting over-collection of revenues related to its fossil fleet. Power has self-reported the issue to FERC, PJM and the PJM Independent Market Monitor on this issue. The issue is still under review and we're unable to estimate the ultimate impact or predict any resulting penalties or other costs associated with the matter at this time. The company recognized the liability in the quarter related to this matter, but this impact is included in our calculation of gross margin, which continues to show quarter-over-quarter improvement to the $50 per-megawatt-hour level that I just mentioned. Turning to the gas side, the contribution from Power's firm gas transportation contracts improved quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.05 per share. The contribution to earnings is from Power's traditional gas supply business and it reflects the positive impact on earnings from higher volumes and the ability to price gas sold to commercial and industrial customers at market. Looking forward, power has increased its forecast generation output for 2014 to 56 to 58 terawatt hours from the prior estimate of 53 to 55 terawatt hours. The revised forecast reflects the increase in output during the first quarter and an expected improvement in the economic dispatch of the fleet. As always, our forecast is based on normal weather conditions for the remainder of the year. Approximately 70% to 75% of anticipated production for the April-to-December period is hedged at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. Power has also increased its forecast of economic generation in 2015 and 2016 to 54 to 56 terawatt hours from 53 to 55 terawatts hours in each year. For 2015, Power has hedged between 50% and 55% of its forecast generation at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. For 2016, Power has hedged 25% to 30% of its forecast generation at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. The hedge data, as we show on Slide 20, for 2014 and 2015 continue to assume BGS volumes will represent about 11 terawatt hours in 2014 and about 10 terawatt hours in 2015. We continue to forecast full year operating earnings for power of $550 million to $610 million. Results for the remainder of the year will be influenced by a decline in the average price received on our PJM capacity to $166 per megawatt day on June 1 of this year from the historically high level we're currently enjoying of $242 per megawatt day, as well as a decline in the average price of our energy hedges. O&M is expected to compare favorably given a reduction in pension expense and the absence of major outage-related work that occurred in the second half of last year, for comparison purposes. Now let me briefly discuss the operating results from Enterprise and Other. For the first quarter, PSEG Enterprise/Other, or the parent, reported operating earnings of $0.01 per share, which compares with essentially breakeven operating results during the first quarter of 2013. Results reflected a steady contribution to earnings from the leased portfolio and a contribution from PSEG Long Island. We continue to forecast full-year operating earnings for 2014 for PSEG Enterprise/Other of $35 million to $40 million. I want to point out that in April, PSEG and Power amended their credit agreements ending in 2017, which has effectively -- does extend the expiration dates from March of 2017 to, now, April 2019. Total credit capacity as of March 31, 2014, was $4.3 billion. PSEG has credit facilities amounting to $1 billion, Power's credit facilities total $2.7 billion. In addition, PSEG maintains a 5-year credit facility amounting to $600 million. A significant portion of our $4.3 billion of credit capacity expires post 2018, $2 billion matures in 2018 and $2.1 billion matures in 2019 with this recent extension [ph]. As we said many times, we can finance our capital program without the need for the issuance of equity given the strength of Power's cash flow and our already-strong balance sheet, with debt at the end of March 31 of this year representing 41% of our consolidated capital. And we ended the quarter with about $655 million in cash. We continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.55 to $2.75 per share. With that, that concludes my comments and I'll now turn the call back over to the operator and open the line for your questions. Ali?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on this reserve, Caroline, you talked about in the quarter, the cost base bidding, et cetera, could you clarify if that -- it -- was that just a first quarter item or was -- did you reserve against something that relates to a longer period of history? How long, perhaps, if that's the case?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So thanks, Jonathan. So we booked a liability in this quarter based on errors that we identified. And they're in certain bid adders such as emissions, historically, and we've fixed all of the errors that we've identified in the bid adder arena that resulted in any over-collection. So right now, we're assessing all other aspects of our model, any other identified and quantified errors will be fixed. We can't comment any further, really, at this point other than to remind you that we have self-reported, and what we booked as a liability is reflected, still, in those numbers that I gave you that result in gross margin per megawatt hour increasing quarter-over-quarter to $50 per megawatt hour.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you give us any sort of insight into what your -- I mean, whether this is, there's some kind of historical liability kind of being booked against the first quarter?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. It relates to errors we've identified historically. That's exactly right. But since we're in the self-report and the appropriate regulatory process, we can't give more details at this time. And when the process is complete, we'll give the full information but we can't do that quite yet.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But it's safe to say that some element of this unquantified reserve that doesn't just relate to kind of rejiggering how you've presented first quarters, there's some past stuff in there, too?
Caroline D. Dorsa: It relates to the past. Correct.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. When, do you think, we might have a better sense of how much that affected the quarter?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. So we're in this self-report process, discussions with PJM and the Market Monitor and the self-report we just made to FERC. We want to see that regulatory process, of course, through to completion and can't really predict what that timeframe would be, but when we get to that end of that timeframe, we'll disclose it as appropriate, the final results.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I think as we've been -- you've been on the phone, it looks like an 8-K has hit with an information about an Energy Strong settlement.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Jonathan, so let me talk about that. I want to dispel one rumor and confirm one rumor. The one rumor I want to dispel is that we moved the call up an hour and I couldn't get here on time, so we started 5 minutes late. That's not accurate. But we did have some tremendous progress last night in our discussions with all the interveners, in particular the board staff. And this morning, we were just trying to dot our Is and cross our Ts and have signatures on the settlement agreement, and then of course, to comply with FD, we needed to make sure that, that information was released. The earnings release went out ahead of the dotting of Is and crossing of Ts. And we now have done that. So I am pleased to tell you that we have a settlement agreement with the staff. We expect many of the other interveners to join, but we don't have their signature yet, and I'm okay with that. The staff is -- we'd always want to make sure we have an agreement with. It's a $1.22 billion program, about $820 million of that is electric and $400 million of that is gas. The allowed ROE is $975 million. $1 billion of that will be recovered through accelerated-recovery mechanisms. $200 million of that will be done in the 2017 time frame when we will then file a rate case in November of '17, with a 3-month historic, 9-month look ahead profile. So that will be 7 years plus from our last base-rate case. We would expect the BPU to approve this. They have not as yet, the schedule for approving it will be announced shortly. That will be a partial function of how many other parties sign on, although, as I said, I do expect most of the participants to sign on. So I know that they're not on the phone right now, but I just have to thank the hundred-plus municipalities and counties who supported us, the unions who supported us, the hospitals who supported us, the other parties who engaged in the dialogue of about 15 months and our regulatory team. They just did a great job, and we're just pleased to get this thing going right now. I would view this as an important start to hardening the system. There's nothing in the settlement that says we can do the full $3.9 billion. I don't mean to suggest that. But there's nothing that says we can't. So I just view this as an important start, and we will be measured by our success and effectiveness in hardening the system, as we should be. But I'm glad that we can get underway.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I guess given it's my question, can I just ask one clarifier on this?
Ralph Izzo: Sure. Sure.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The -- so when you said that $1 billion will be under kind of accelerated recovery and then the balance, $200 million will be -- so the $1 billion is sort of for 2015 and '14 through '16. Is that correct?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, it's unfortunately not quite so simple, Jonathan. Some of the stuff will get done in 2 years. Some will take 3 and some will take 5. The 5 year has to do with the substations that were underwater in Irene and in Sandy. And all of those, even those that go out to 5 years, will be under the accelerated recovery mechanism. So there's $200 million of the program that is going to be done just leading up to the rate case. And what we agreed is, we would just make that part of the prudency review since there's really not a lot of time lag between the prudency review and the capital program. None of this stuff gets recovered until it goes into service. So we thought that, that would be okay. That there would be no lag on that $200 million.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The rate case will be filed with 9 months of 2016, 3 months of 2017 for 1/1/17 rate?
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no. You got it the other way around. So when it goes in November of '17.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: November.
Ralph Izzo: There would be 3 months of actuals and 9 months of forecast.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It will go in November of '17. Okay. I got it. 3 months.
Ralph Izzo: Very good. Because if I had to repeat it, I might not say it the same way twice. It's 3 months of actuals and 9 months forward, that's been our practice.
Operator: And the next question comes from Kit Konolige with BGC Financial.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow a little on the Energy Strong, can you quantify how much that -- this deal would be worth, say, in terms of EPS or...
Ralph Izzo: Kit, we've pretty much given you a fairly consistent rule of thumb that at our cap structure with these kind of returns is about $0.01 for every $100 million of investment that needs to be refined frequently.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's right.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And when would -- under this settlement, when would the investment start to be made and how would the rate base ramp up as a result of this?
Ralph Izzo: So -- I mean, you should not expect a big impact in '14. I don't have in front of me the exact capital program calendar, but yes, most of it will be felt in '15, '16, '17 and '18.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And you may recall, Kit, as we talked about in March, right, we forecast double-digit earnings growth, but also double-digit rate-base growth even without Energy Strong as we talked about. So this enhances that to reinforce the strength of the rate-base growth as double-digit and the earnings. But as Ralph said, not a material item at all for 2014.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one other area to go back to, Ralph, your comment on the auction, it sounds like -- do I understand you correctly to say that, you view the demand resources rule changes kind of the key change in the auction?
Ralph Izzo: So we do view it as a key change, right? Because the import issue is more of a Western PJM issue than it is for us. So whether it's the limited DR resources or trying to address some of the arbitrage opportunities available between the base residual auction and the incremental auctions, we think all these are positives for creating more of a level playing field in the market. Now I've been running around trying to find the settlement documents. So I'm just looking around at my colleagues to make sure FERC hasn't acted on this yet, right, it's suppose to happen soon, but we don't have a decision yet.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. That's right. Not yet.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay. And so can you give us any insight into what we should expect from the auction do [ph]? Should we expect the PS and PSEG Zones to separate again? And can you give us an idea of what your thinking is about where the RTO settles?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Kit, we would never do that. We just -- it's obviously a competitive auction process and to forecast or predictions would not be a good idea. And we've never done that in the past. I will tell you though that we'll know by May 23, if it's going on the 12th, and from the 12th to the 16th, and then PJM takes a week to assess them. So 3 weeks and 2 days from today, we'll all have the answer. I don't want to lead you to think that we don't analyze this. We just don't publicize what we think of that.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: You're right. Well, at least you confirmed that we'll know by May 23, right?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, thanks, Kit.
Operator: And the next question comes from Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you just -- with the settlement, can you just walk through maybe -- because I don't have them side by side yet, I apologize. But walk through what were the big changes kind of from that, maybe the $2.6 billion over the 5 years you had projected or requested and what you guys settled today as far as where dollars weren't spent and how you think about the opportunity to spend those later?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Dan, the most important part we view of the settlement was the electric substations. And all of that is covered from the point of view of what was affected by Irene and Sandy. But there were a bunch of other areas that we thought would be beneficial. For example, we had the undergrounding of, I think, 30 miles of circuits -- of overhead circuits, and that was knocked out. We had some improvement to SCADA systems, our data analysis, data acquisition and analysis system that would help us restore those customers who were interrupted more promptly. That was knocked out. On the gas side, we had, I think, 500 miles of cast-iron that was affected or is in now FEMA -- more at-risk areas. And that 500 was cut back to 250. We then had some movement of backyard services to the front of the home. Once again, our backyard service getting knocked out is just that much more difficult to restore. That was knocked out. We had some improvements in construction standards for some of our distribution systems. That was knocked out. So the heart -- I just listed a whole bunch of stuff that was knocked out. I don't want to give the wrong impression. The heart of the program was the substations, and that was fully funded. But we will go back, I mean, I think people are going to see that this has a benefit. We wouldn't have proposed it if we didn't think so. And as we do the work and as we see the system perform, we'll go back and talk to the staff and talk to the other parties. I really do take their reaction to this, not as a no on the other stuff, but as a not yet, and just show me that it's money well spent. And I think that, that's perfectly legitimate and fair on their part, and we will step up to that.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you have a ballpark maybe of kind of by year how that money is going to get spent over the next...
Ralph Izzo: We'll release further details. I don't -- off the top of my head right now, and I just want to make sure the team has a chance to get the schedules all put together and then we can release that. But as Caroline said, in our March conference, we didn't bake in to our growth projections for the Utility Energy Strong. So that's 1.2 over the next 2 to 5 years. It's really more like 4, will be incremental to that, and we'll give you the specifics.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess one other question that has kind of been out in the market is, your kind of views on remaining an integrated company with the distribution business on the regulated side and the competitive generation business. Can you just remind us how you guys think about combined company and what will be required to maybe how you reevaluate that strategy?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Dan, we talk about that often. And there's arguments on both sides of the equation. By and large though, we don't think we're hampered from doing things on either side of the company by virtue of having the other company as part of the family. We kind of like the stable earnings growth of the Utility, providing a really strong foundation for the dividend and its future growth. We like the fact that power is generating a healthy amount of cash that could feed the equity needs of the Utility. There are very obvious operational dissynergies to separating. You never say never because we're always asking the question, but we obviously like the model right now. And I just keep reminding myself that every once in a while somebody says, "Gee, you have such a great Utility, if only that were standalone and separate from that struggling power company." 5 years ago, we used to have the same conversation, only the roles we're totally reverse. So it's not -- we don't put our head in the sand and not ask that question. We do talk about it regularly from the point of view of strategic clarity and being able to give a very specific message to our shareholders. But right now, the cash from power and the equity needs of the Utility are a really nice financial complement, and the operational benefits of moving people from one organization to the other with complementary skill sets has been a big plus for us as well.
Operator: And the next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar Inc.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Sort of back on the capacity auction real quick, I wonder if you could characterize how much demand response you would either expect or you've seen in the past show up and the potential impact on you guys specifically or your zone specifically.
Ralph Izzo: Travis, the ability to forecast the DR is not an inconsequential part of getting the price right, so we really wouldn't want to put that number out. And the historic DR, I would rather have you -- I don't mean to make you do extra work, but check the PJM website for that rather than me quoting it. The numbers, I recall, are high-single-digit percentages, like 8% or so, but it's better to check the PJM website. But the [indiscernible] numbers and the transfer capability and the known assets and the known demand numbers are all out there for PJM. So really, a large part of the auction turns on what you expect for DR. I will say this, that most DR does happen in the higher industrial zones. And in the part of PJM that we operate, we don't have a large industrial load, so there's typically a lower DR component where we are.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then secondly, I wonder if you could characterize the hedging environment as you saw from essentially February at the Analyst Day to where we are today, end of March period.
Ralph Izzo: I'll start that right now and fill in. To be sure, some of the banks and financial players leaving the market, we have seen a little bit -- well, we've seen less liquidity in the out years. I don't want to qualify it as less. Also, given some of the infrastructure challenges of moving low-cost gas out of the Marcellus to other regions, combined with some fairly extreme weather conditions, have really introduced a tremendous amount of volatility in the market. So we benefited greatly with our naturally long position. We have what I would just call corridors. They're upper and lower limits in terms of how much we want to hedge. And we play within those corridors in terms of, if we think the market is oversold or maybe there's some potential for upside. So we'll lean one way or another. That's why we give you ranges of our hedge position. And suffice to say that, we've been pleased by the way in which we've managed our book given the increase in power prices of late. And we've seen a little modest increase coming from the CSAPR rule. How sustainable that will be, we don't outguess the market, but we do capitalize on those opportunities when they come up. Caroline please go ahead and answer it. I'm sure your...
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Just a few other points then looking at some of the numbers that you saw on our slide deck and comparing them perhaps to what you saw when we were at the March 7 meeting. So we did continue to layer on hedges, consistent with that layering and strategy that Ralph mentioned within the corridors. Keep in mind that the numbers that you have now in today's slide deck reflect an increase in the expected terawatt-hour generation from our fleet based on the economics in the market. That's a good thing, obviously, for us. So what its impact would be is, as we continue to layer on hedges, you wouldn't see the ranges move up quite as much of the hedge percentage because the denominator is moving up. That's great from our perspective. Also, if you look at the hedge percentage for the remainder of this year, it looks a little lower than the hedge percentage we gave you for the full year earlier this year. That's normally what you see because when the first quarter rolls off, you've got a greater representation from the summer period. And the summer period is where we have the mid-merit in peaking, which we would never be hedging fully because of the weather. So you normally see that percentage looking like it's going down, and then it kind of goes back up after you get through the summer. So we continue to layer on our hedges. It kind of looks the same as the progression last year, if you rolled the tape back. The only other thing going on there is that increase generation expectations, which is just great from our perspective. That changes a little bit how to think about the numbers, but it's all because of that denominator effect that we're very pleased with.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Zimbardo with UBS.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I think pretty much all my questions have been answered, but one question on Linden and that acceleration, and some of the other cost acceleration. Do you see that having an impact on the remainder of the year if some of the costs have been accelerated?
Caroline D. Dorsa: In terms of O&M do you mean or in terms of generation?
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In terms of outage and O&M type of expenses that you've moved forward.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Oh, sure. So we moved them forward because we had a Linden outage that was ongoing. So we took the opportunity to extend it a little bit so that we could add the AGP, the uprate, so now we have 63 extra megawatts at Linden, which will be available for us for the summer. That increment was about $0.02 for the quarter, but that would have happened later on as we continued to do Linden. So we're still forecasting to have the O&M be lower at power and on a full year basis than prior year. That's what we told you earlier this year. And that hasn't changed. Again, some of this is timing, but a good timing to get the AGP done sooner. Remember, both businesses continue to benefit from pension expense, and that's baked into the numbers. So a little bit of timing difference. Good thing for us from the generation side, still going to see that O&M reduction in our current forecast, actually in both businesses on the year-over-year basis.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Great. And I'm sorry if I missed it, but did you say a potential timeline on when we would get our next update potential review from the BPU on the Energy Strong settlement?
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, depending upon the extent to which the settlement is universal, if all the parties agree, then it's conceivable that the board would act on it in the May time frame. If all the parties are not on board, and there's reason to believe that we have a good shot at getting all the parties, but I don't know that for a fact, then it's more likely that the board will schedule an opportunity for comment on the settlement, and you're looking at more of a June decision.
Operator: And the next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, actually, it's Paul Fremont. What I'm struggling with a little bit is, when I compare the uplift in commodity margin that you guys realized, which is roughly, I guess, in PJM $50 million on close to 14.5 million megawatt hours, and I compare that to Calpine, which, I think, had only 3.5 million megawatt hours in their north region, but had an uplift of like $125 million. What is it that you would point to as the biggest differences between their profit opportunity versus your profit opportunity when both companies were sort of in a similar hedge position going into the quarter?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So thanks, Paul. So I don't their situation, so certainly I can't comment on that. Obviously, we saw, as we provided the data in the waterfall, right, part of what you have to keep in mind for us is not just the data on the incremental generation, which we said was 3% higher, but you've got to take into account the impact of the hedges, right, the hedges that we have including the full requirement of BGS, right? So when BGS has stronger demand because of the winter weather, and it was a strong winter this winter, that BGS is a fixed price, and so that reduces some opportunities for us in taking advantage of the market because we have that cost to serve. So we were about 75% hedged, about 25% open to the market for the quarter. Not too dissimilar to where we've been before, but obviously the BGS prices relative to the market prices are lower now because of where the market moved in the first quarter.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So I mean, does that lead you to maybe reconsider whether the BGS is the best hedging vehicle for the company?
Ralph Izzo: No, no. Not really, Paul. I mean, if you think about the reliance on power's cash generation, BGS has nicely protected us in the down markets. Yes, it does create an opportunity cost on the up markets, but it provides a nice stable platform. If you remember, the strength of a BGS is that it is full requirements, and it's -- we are uniquely capable of serving full requirements because of the breadth of our technology. The breadth, meaning baseload, load falling and peaking, which allows us to incorporate a load factor premium and a risk mitigation premium. So no, I don't think you'll see us moving away. That's why we have the 10 to 11 terawatt hours of BGS still factored into future years.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just, I wanted to follow back on this energy cost bid issue. Are you guys not disclosing the liability in the quarter? Is that -- did I get that correct?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, we're not disclosing the specifics of the liability in the quarter because, as I mentioned, we're in the regulatory process. We did the self-report. We're in discussions with PJM, the market monitor, and self-report to FERC. We'd rather let that regulatory process go on and complete. So as I mentioned to you, we did book something this quarter, but it's all rolled into that gross margin per megawatt hour, that increase. And we'll give more details when we finish the process.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then you also said that it was historical in nature. Could you give us just a little bit of a flavor just roughly speaking over what time frame this was?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. I won't go into that right now. Same thing, we want to handle the regulatory process as appropriate, but it is historical in nature. It's things we identified looking at historical things, for example, as I mentioned, such bid adders like emissions. Those things have been fixed, and those are the kinds of errors we've been reporting.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Did it have an impact on market prices during that period of time or can you...
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's not something we can comment on. As I said, we'll go through the regulatory process, complete all of that, and then we'll give additional information.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But this is something that you guys discovered and it didn't involve the market monitor or anybody else? You guys are self-reporting that, correct?
Caroline D. Dorsa: We self-reported, that's correct. We discovered it, and we self-reported it to all the agencies, correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally, there was some commentary about the replacement capacity case, I think, the arbitrage, and you guys have some insight as to what the outcome is going to be is that correct or what were you talking about?
Ralph Izzo: No, no. We, like others, have been curious about whether or not DR actually is physically delivered or whether there's an arbitrage between the base residual auction and the incremental auction. And PJM has basically adjusted some modifications to the way in which that incremental auction can take place and the physical delivery of demand response that we think will benefit the market. That's all. We have no insights other than the full public dialogue on the subject.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions actually. One, Caroline, when I look at O&M in the quarter at both power and the E&G, up year-over-year at both places, up a good bit at E&G relative to first quarter 2013, but even a little bit at power. Can you just walk us through the puts and takes and what of that, if any, would be recurring when we start thinking about 2015?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Okay. Sure. So not really forecasting 2015 specifically, but if you look at the O&M for the quarter -- and you see a nice breakout, I think, on Page 9 of our deck. We put the O&M in 2 pieces for you, which I think is kind of helpful. So the lower pension expense for PSE&G is valued at about $0.02 a share on a favorable basis, right, and then there's distribution O&M, about $0.02 a share unfavorable. So the way to think about that is, we told you that the pension expense for the whole company, right, would be $0.15 a share favorable. A little bit more than half is at PSE&G. So you'll see more like $0.08 for the year and then $0.02 for the quarter. The $0.02 on distribution O&M that was unfavorable year-over-year is primarily driven by some incremental -- some of the storms that occurred in the winter. Can't really forecast that, right? We always forecast normal weather. Sometimes we have storms in the winter. Sometimes we have storms in the summer. So together that leads to a flat O&M on an operating earnings basis, the way we typically report it. Keep in mind, if you're looking at the GAAP statement though, you wouldn't see the impact I'm showing on the waterfall because the O&M in the GAAP statement includes -- is the O&M for clauses. We always take that out from a management perspective, but if you're looking at GAAP, you're going to see O&M that relates to the contemporaneous return clauses we have, for example, like solar and a number of other things. We've always excluded that because that's recovered within the ROEs that we get when we get those clauses. That's why we focus on the operating earnings waterfall that we show you on 9, because that's really what to think about in terms of what flows down to the bottom line without recovery. So that's the Utility piece. You should expect to see pension continue to benefit quarter-over-quarter. And then the rest of the O&M really depends on the rest of our ongoing and control and whether there are any storms in the summer season, but you can't be sure about that. So in terms of power, now if I go over to the other side. Power, we also break out pensions. It's about a $0.01 for the quarter. Remember, I said, power will be a little less than half. So power gets on a rounded basis about $0.01 of benefit for the quarter. And then it has about $0.05 on a quarter-over-quarter impact for this quarter. And I mentioned the Linden outage, which was planned, but then extended. And the extension was an impact of about an extra $0.02 this quarter for the AGP. That's a good thing because that gives us more generation. So on a year-over-year comparison, most of what you're seeing in the O&M negative is the impact of outages and outage extension. For power, going forward, there's no Hope Creek outage in '14. So that will be a favorable impact relative to prior year. Because remember, when we have outages at Hope Creek, we get 100% versus outages at Salem, where we only get a portion. And also there was BEC outage, remember I talked about last quarter, for the end of the year. There won't be a BEC outage in the later part of this year. Roll that all together, where does it all take us? We have some storms in the Utility we had to spend and couldn't anticipate. We had the extended outage for the AGP in power. That is just a little negative. You've got the positive pension rolling through just the way you should expect to see it for the quarter. And when you pull all that together and you look at the rest of the year on an operating earnings basis, setting aside Utility clauses that get recovery, that's why we're still comfortable forecasting a decrease in the aggregate for each of our businesses year-over-year.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then Ralph, just on the Energy Strong settlement, I want to make sure I followed kind of the high-level details. $1.22 billion, the bulk of the CapEx is really 2015 to 2017, there'll be a tiny bit at the end of '14 and a tiny bit that kind of trickles after 2017. On ROE, that's 30 to 40 basis points lower, 30-ish basis points lower than kind of the last authorized level and about 80%, 85% of it recovered via contemporary -- contemporaneous clause and the rest of it will be trued-up in a rate case. Is that basically the high-level gist of the settlement, anything I'm leaving out?
Ralph Izzo: No. I think you got it, Michael.
Kathleen A. Lally: I know there's another call that's about to begin. I don't want to interfere with -- so we do appreciate, I'll turn the call back over to Ralph for any closing comments. I'm available as well as Carlotta for any calls people have.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, thank you, Kathleen. So just a summary, looking back at the quarter and looking ahead. From my perspective, power just continues to handle anything that comes its way. Power managed the polar vortex almost flawlessly. While that's going on, we ran 100% nuclear capacity factor, and we managed to get our Advance Gas Path technology accelerated into the quarter at Linden to make sure it's ready for the summer. And then looking ahead, please make note of the increase in our expectations for power's output in the subsequent years. Utility, once again on track for double-digit earnings growth. Capital program is on budget. You heard us mention a couple of transmission projects that are ahead of schedule. And of course, the good news that we've reached resettlement on the $1.22 billion Energy Strong Program. And last but not least, the weather-normalized demand for gas continues to grow, and we're now beginning to see growth in electric demand, and that's refreshing. So thank you for joining us. I hope to see all of you at some point in the near future on the road as we make our visits. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ashar Khan Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Jennifer, and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference call, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, February 20, 2014, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern Standard on February 28, 2014. It will also be available as a audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participating in our call today. As you are aware, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results earlier this morning. The release and attachments, as mentioned, are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2013 is expected to be filed shortly, usually by the end of February. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But I do ask that you read these comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, unless required by applicable securities law. We also provide commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. PSEG believes the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand trends. I am now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And at the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. [Operator Instructions] With that, Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thanks you, Kathleen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. This is a great day for us following a great 2013 and even better 2014 and beyond. So let's get into the details. This morning, we reported operating earnings for the full year of 2013, and operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.49 a share versus $0.41 a share in 2012, which brought results for the full year to $2.58 per share or 5.7%, almost 6%, greater than 2012's operating earnings of $2.44 per share, and actually was above our guidance range of $2.40 to $2.55 per share. I hope you'll agree that PSEG delivered outstanding results in 2013 on many levels, and let me tell you about a few of them. What made this success particularly notable is that we did it in the wake of the damage to our equipment and facilities that we sustained from Superstorm Sandy just a year earlier. Well, first of all, PSEG was recognized for the 12th consecutive year as the mid-Atlantic region's most reliable electric utility, and was specifically recognized by EEI for excellence in its storm response during Sandy. It seems that we're tested every year and we excel in our response each and every time. We maintained that focus on improving reliability throughout the year, not just after the storm. PSE&G invested $1.7 billion over the past year to uprate its transmission network. The investment is part of a long-term program that has resulted in transmission growing to represent approximately 36% of PSE&G's rate base at the end of 2013. Let me remind you that it had been only 28% of the rate base at the end of 2012. And this work includes work on 5 major transmission lines, each of which is scheduled to be operational during the course of 2014 and 2015, and each of which are on schedule and on budget. But PSE&G's investment in transmission does not end in 2015. PSE&G was assigned construction by PJM of a new transmission project that is designed to maintain the reliability of the northeastern part of our electrical grid. This project, which has an expected in-service date of June 2018, has an estimated construction cost of up to $1.2 billion. PSE&G has also started to invest in new solar capacity under the agreement we reached with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities in 2013, which will allow us to spend up to $446 million over a multiyear period and result in about 143 megawatts of new, renewable energy capacity through our Solar Loan and Solar 4 All Programs. We are still awaiting a response from the BPU on our Energy Strong proposal, and as you recall, we asked for approval to invest $2.6 billion over 5 years. The investments, which strengthen PSE&G's distribution infrastructure, provide with better intelligence on system outages and improve on the reliable service expected by customers. Now we're still in active discussion with parties to the proceeding, even while evidentiary hearings are scheduled for next Tuesday, February 25, 2014. And I will give you fair notice that those negotiations are -- we are required to not disclose the details of those negotiations. Now for the year, an increase in PSE&G's capital investment, as well as sensible regulatory recovery mechanisms, provide for contemporaneous return of our cost and return on our cost, and PSE&G's ability to control growth in its operating expenses, all supported double-digit growth in PSE&G's operating earnings year-over-year. Similarly, PSEG Power also did a superb job operating its power plants and especially bringing back units that were damaged by Superstorm Sandy. The Salem 2 nuclear unit operated at record levels, and the nuclear fleet operated over 90% capacity factor for the ninth consecutive year. Our fossil fleet achieved top decile safety performance in 2013, as the gas-fired Linden combined cycle generation plant had record-setting output, and the coal fleet responded to an improvement in dark spreads. The fleet's fuel diversity allowed it to respond to changes in the market and its dispatch flexibility allowed it to overcome the impact of planned and unplanned outages and participate in the improvement in market prices throughout the year. And Power continues to benefit from its favorable location. Power's earnings in 2013 benefited from the successful management of firm gas pipeline and storage contracts, which provided with access to low-cost gas in the Marcellus Basin. The contracts primarily benefit PSE&G's residential customers, who enjoyed a credit amounting to 33% against their gas bills in both November and December of 2013, and then they also enjoyed an additional credit of 25% against their February bill. We'll be providing details later today about providing customers with an additional credit for the month of March. Power has become one of the largest shippers of gas in the Marcellus Basin, and under a BPU-approved agreement, is able to supply Power's generation fleet when capacity is not needed to meet the needs of residential customers. The availability of low-cost gas continued to provide a benefit to Power's earnings in the fourth quarter on top of the benefit seen earlier in the year. Power is moving ahead with plans to increase the output and improve the performance of its existing gas product combined cycle generating capacity. Power will be investing $150 million at the Bergen, Linden and Bethlehem facilities over several years to increase the operating efficiency of the turbines at each station, while adding approximately 150 megawatts of capacity. The investment should also lengthen the time between major maintenance programs and therefore, yield attractive returns. Power's approach to managing supply risk has been affirmed during the recent period of extreme weather and volatility in the power markets. The fuel flexibility of our fleet enabled us to maintain output during this time. We successfully responded to record demand, while our customers have benefited from our ability to pass along savings in gas costs. In another area, we negotiated a new 12-year amended and restated operation services agreement with the Long Island Power Authority, which was effective at the start of this year. The new agreement will provide for an increase in our operating fee in 2016 and beginning in 2015, Power will provide LIPA with fuel procurement and power management services. The agreement is expected to add to our earnings, provide a platform of growth for our employees and doesn't require the commitment of financial capital. The team at PSEG Long Island hit the ground running, responding to several storms since we assumed operations, and will, I'm sure, provide customers with the service they require and enhance our reputation for reliability. We literally had a snowstorm on January 2, 24 hours after taking over the operations, but the team is doing a fabulous job. So we exceeded our expectations for earnings in 2013 and we expect earnings to remain strong in 2014. We're providing operating earnings guidance for '14 of $2.55 to $2.75 per share. Now our outlook reflects the impact of the emphasis placed on the anchor principles of our strategy. First and foremost, operational excellence, which yields financial strength, which we then deploy through a disciplined manner in new investments. PSE&G is building on a strong platform and providing the opportunity for a continuation of growth with an investment program that supports reliability and enhances resilience. PSE&G is expected to contribute more than 1/2 of 2014's estimated operating earnings. PSEG Power continues to benefit from the flexibility of its fleet and a locational advantage. Recent structural changes in the gas market also favor Power, given our ability to take advantage of market volatility. Power's strong financial position also allows us to respond to changes in the market. We focus on improving operating efficiency and are investing in economically attractive capacity uprates that add to our well positioned fleet. We remain committed to containing the growth in our operating expenses. We will be aided in this regard by a reduction in pension expense, which provides an ongoing benefit. The commitment to funding our pension following the market decline in 2008 and an equity-oriented investment approach has brought the value of our pension at the end of 2013 to a level which is in excess of our obligations. The improvement in return on the portfolio and an increase in the discount rate will result in our pension adding modestly to income in '14, a substantial improvement from our recent experience. And not to be overlooked, a strong investment grade credit rating and robust cash flow support our growth program without the need to issue equity. We look ahead with optimism, as demonstrated by the board's recent decision to increase the common dividend by 2.8% to the indicative annual level of $1.48 per share. This is the 10th increase in the dividend in the last 11 years, and we believe we are well positioned to provide our investors with consistent, sustainable growth in the dividend. The strong commitment and dedication shown by our employees to our customers has been a major contributor to our success and provides me with confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term goals. I will now turn the call over to Caroline for more details on our results, and will be available to answer your questions after her remarks.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.49 per share, versus operating earnings of $0.41 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Our earnings for the fourth quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $2.58 per share, versus operating earnings for 2012 of $2.44 per share. On Slide 4 of our deck, we have provided you with a reconciliation of operating earnings, income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on Slide 11, PSE&G provided the largest contribution to earnings for the quarter. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.29 per share, compared to $0.15 per share last year. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.23 per share, compared with $0.25 per share last year. PSEG Enterprise and Other reported a loss in operating earnings of $0.03 per share, compared with operating earnings of $0.01 per share in the year ago quarter. We've provided you with waterfall charts on Slide 12 and Slide 14 to take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year operating earnings by the major businesses. So I'll now go into more detail on each company, starting with Power. As shown on Slide 16, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter, $0.23 per share, compared with $0.25 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year operating earnings to $710 million or $1.40 per share, compared to 2012's operating earnings of $663 million or $1.31 per share. Power's full year operating earnings exceeded the upper end of our guidance, even if we exclude the operating earnings associated with the asset transfer we undertook at year end from Holdings to Power, which I'll discuss a bit later. The earnings release, as well as the earnings Slides 12 and 14, provide you with detailed analysis of the impact on Power's operating earnings quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year from changes in revenue and costs. Power's fourth quarter operating earnings benefited from higher capacity revenues and improvement in the market price of energy on a net long position, an increase in volume and a decline in the supply cost of gas. The improvement in gross margin during the quarter nearly offset the impact on operating earnings from a larger-than-expected increase in O&M expense associated with both planned and unplanned outages. Note that part of that cost included the investment for the uprate work on the combined cycle capacity at Linden, which is a source, as Ralph mentioned, of future additional earnings power -- for Power. Let's now turn to operations. Power's output increased 6.2% in the quarter from year ago level. For the year, output increased 1.8% to 53.5 terawatt hours. You saw the fleet's fuel and dispatch flexibility during the quarter and throughout the year. The nuclear fleet produced 29.5 terawatt hours, or about 55% of total generation, operating at an average capacity factor of 90.3%. Record production from Salem 2 helped offset the impact from a refueling outage-related decline in output from our 100%-owned Hope Creek nuclear facility. The gas-fired combined cycle fleet produced 15.9 terawatt hours in 2013 or about 30% of total generation. Record-setting output from the Linden station helped to partially offset the impact on production from planned major maintenance work at the Bethlehem Energy Center in New York in the second half of the year. At the coal fleet, we saw an improvement in dark spreads. So production from the baseload coal-fired stations in Pennsylvania increased 20% during the year. Bridgeport Harbor's output increased in response to higher market prices, and the New Jersey stations, Hudson and Mercer, primarily operated on gas throughout the year. Overall, the coal stations provided approximately 14% of the fleet's output in 2013, or 7.3 terawatt hours. As Ralph noted earlier, the gas-fired combined cycle fleet continues to benefit from its access to lower-price gas supplies in the Marcellus Basin. Power's fleet enjoys higher spark spreads than implied by observed market prices. And the quarter-over-quarter impact on earnings from our spark spread advantage was not as large as experienced earlier in the year, but recall, this is in line with our expectations, given the need to meet utility customer heating demand in the winter period. Slides 18 and 19 provide more detail on generation in the quarter and for the year. The combination of higher capacity prices, lower fuel cost and an increase in market prices on Power's unhedged position more than offset the impact of lower average price on hedges, resulting in gross margins for the fourth quarter of $46 per megawatt hour, equivalent to the level experienced in the year ago period. And for the year, gross margins amounted to $47 per megawatt hour, versus $45 per megawatt hour last year. Slide 21 in our deck provides detail on Power's gross margin for the quarter and the year. Power's forecasting output for 2014 of 53 to 55 terawatt hours, in line with 2013's performance. Right now, approximately 75% to 80% of anticipated production for the year is hedged at an average price of $48 per megawatt hour, which compares with average hedge prices in 2013 of about $50 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged approximately 45 to 55 of its forecast generation in 2015, totaling 53 to 55 terawatt hours at an average price of about $51 per megawatt hour. Power's forecast of total output over 2014 and 2015 is up slightly from our prior guidance, and for 2016, Power has hedged 20% to 30% of forecast production of 53 to 55 terawatt hours at an average price of $53 per megawatt hour. The increase in the percentage of generation hedged over '14 and '15 reflects the completion of the most recent Basic Generation Service or BGS auction in New Jersey and we assume that BGS volumes represent about 11 terawatt hours in 2014 and 10 terawatt hours in 2015, compared with volumes in 2013 of approximately 12 terawatt hours. The BGS auction result for PSE&G customers for the 3-year period beginning June of this year and ending May 31 of 2017, was priced at $97 per megawatt hour. This contract for 1/3 of the load will replace the contract for $94 per megawatt hour, which expires on May 31 of 2014. The latest auction is based on average price for energy at the PJM West hub of about $38 to $39 per megawatt hour, which is similar to the base price for energy seen in the past 2 auctions. You can see from the hedge data that Power's maintained a consistent strategy. Baseload units were fully hedged in the current year, as Power maintains open positions on its intermediate and peaking assets. This strategy allows Power to contain the risk associated with its load following contract such as BGS, while being able to participate in opportunities provided by the market. Power's operating earnings for 2013 and 2012 now reflect the inclusion of its 50% equity interest in a partnership that owns and operates the Kalaeloa generating facility in Hawaii and its wholly owned interest in PSEG Solar Source, both of which were transferred from Energy Holdings in 2013. These assets provided $0.03 per share of operating earnings in 2013 and are included in Power's reported results, compared with operating earnings in 2012 for the same assets of $0.04 per share. So Power's operating earnings for 2013 of $710 million would have exceeded the upper end of our guidance of $685 million even if these assets had not been included in our results. Power's operating earnings for 2014 are forecast at $550 million to $610 million. Results for the full year will be influenced by a $2 per megawatt hour reduction in the average price of energy hedges and a decline in our average PJM capacity price on June 1 of this year to $167 per megawatt day from the historically high level of $244 per megawatt day. I'm sure you'll recall that Power's capacity price is essentially steady for the next 3 years, given the results of already-completed capacity options through mid 2017. Power's fuel cost should continue to benefit from firm gas transportation agreements providing access to low-cost Marcellus gas supply and O&M should compare favorably with the results of 2013, given the decline in pension expense and ongoing cost control. Let me now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2013 of $0.29 per share, compared with $0.15 per share for the fourth quarter of 2012, as we show on Slide 26. PSE&G's full year 2013 operating earnings were $612 million or $1.21 per share, compared with operating earnings of $528 million or $1.04 per share for 2012, a growth rate of 16%. Power's earnings for the fourth quarter reflect the benefit of an increase in revenue associated with a greater level of capital investment and a decline in O&M expense relative to the prior year period, which as you recall, included Superstorm Sandy-related restoration expenditures. An increase in transmission revenue improved the quarter-over-quarter earnings contribution by $0.04 per share, and for the year, PSE&G's investment in transmission increased earnings by $0.14 per share. In 2013, our $1.7 billion investment in transmission increased the percentage of rate base in transmission from 28% last year to 36% at the end of 2013. PSE&G's O&M declined during the quarter, given comparisons against the year ago period, which included Sandy-related restoration expenditures and the decline in O&M increased quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.04 per share. Demand for electricity and gas during the quarter was influenced by weather, which was slightly colder than a year ago. Also, weather-normalized demand for gas continues to show improvement. The impact on quarter-over-quarter earnings from the improvement in demand and weather was about $0.01 a share. Earnings comparisons in the quarter also improved by about $0.04 per share due to reduction in taxes and the absence of a tax-related change in reserves recognized in the prior year. And all other items contributed about $0.01 per share to earnings. Economic conditions in PSE&G service territory appear to have stabilized and exhibit signs of slow recovery. On a weather-normalized basis, electric sales are estimated to have improved in the quarter by 2.7% and for the year, weather-normalized sales declined by 1.5%. It's too early to get excited about the improvement in weather-normalized sales in the quarter, given the comparisons against the period impacted by Sandy-related outages. Gas deliveries, however, continue to point to improved demand as a result of still-low commodity prices and slowly recovering economic conditions. On a weather-normalized basis, gas deliveries increased 2.7% in the fourth quarter, and now for the year, total an increase of 2.2%. PSE&G's operating earnings for 2014 are forecasted at $705 million to $745 million. And this implies that even at the low end of the range, we're forecasting at least 15% growth in PSE&G's operating earnings. PSE&G's growth in 2014 will continue to benefit from its ability to earn a return on its expanded investment in transmission. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved an agreement which provides for an annual increase in transmission revenue of $171 million under the company's formula rate filing, and this increase became effective on January 1 of this year. Results will also reflect a recovery of capital cost associated with PSE&G's investment in solar and the reduction in pension expense, as well as ongoing expense control, is expected to result in a year-over-year reduction in O&M. As Ralph indicated, PSE&G's significant transmission investment program is on time and on budget and we'll be providing you with an updated forecast of PSE&G's capital expenditures for 2014 through 2018 at our annual financial conference on March 7 of this year. Let me now turn to Enterprise and Other. Enterprise and Other reported a small operating loss for the fourth quarter of $11 million, or about $0.03 per share, compared to operating earnings of $6 million, or $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter of 2012. The results for the fourth quarter brought the full year 2013 to an operating loss of about $13 million or $0.03 per share, compared with 2012's operating earnings of $45 million or $0.09 per share. The results for the quarter and the full year have been restated simply to reflect the distribution to PSEG Power of the 50% equity interest in the partnership that owns the Kalaeloa generating facility, as well as the wholly owned interest in Solar Source. Operating earnings on the remaining portfolio, however, were affected by a decline in lease income, as well as an adjustment to the tax basis of the portfolio, which together reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.03 per share. We'll no longer be reporting separately the results for Energy Holdings. The management team has successfully monetized non-core assets in the portfolio and significantly reduced financial risk. The focus going forward will be managing the remaining assets in the lease portfolio. For 2014, operating earnings are forecast to fall within the range of $35 million to $40 million. Going forward, the fee associated with the operating contract for PSEG Long Island will be reported as part of Enterprise, along with the results for the remaining lease portfolio. Next, I'd like to spend just a minute talking about pension. We did close 2013 with the value of our pension assets in excess of our PBO obligation. The improved return and higher discount rate will, as Ralph mentioned, have a favorable impact on pension expense this year and going forward. In fact, we estimate there will be a positive impact on income in 2014 and in future years, in compared to the previous year's expense of $110 million. We will not need to make any cash contributions to our pension trust this year as well. The benefit to earnings is essentially equally shared between PSE&G and PSEG Power, and we'll provide you with a deeper multiyear view of the impact on O&M from the improved outlook on pension at our March 7 Investor Meeting. Lastly, a word on our financing capability. We remain in a strong position to finance our capital program. At the end of 2013, we had approximately $493 million of cash on hand, and debt represented approximately 42% of PSEG's consolidated capital, with debt at Power approximating 31% of its capital base. Power's free cash flow remains strong and PSE&G's cash generation has improved from its ability to earn its authorized return on increased levels of capital investment. And of course, we'll provide you with an update of our capital program at our annual financial conference, but the message on equity issuance will be the same. We can finance our robust, long-term capital program without the need to issue equity. We're guiding to strong operating earnings for 2014 of $2.55 to $2.75 per share, this outlook is our best guidance for the full year, but I will note that it does not reflect any specific weather conditions related to January, consistent with our practice of not incorporating weather into our guidance until we go through the summer season. The dividend was recently increased by 2.8% to the indicative annual level of $1.48 per share, and we believe we can provide shareholders with consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend going forward. And we'll provide more detail on our outlook at our annual financial conference on March 7. So with that, I'll now turn it back to Jennifer and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just wondering, real quick, if you could give some thoughts on that dividend policy. You've obviously got a strong balance sheet, you've got some pretty good visibility into earnings, at least certainly for next year and perhaps the following year, good cash flow generation, I was wondering what the thought is in terms of using some more of that cash flow capacity to perhaps increase dividend at a faster rate?
Ralph Izzo: So Travis, as you know, we don't have a target number in terms of a percentage payout or percentage growth rate. It's a variety of factors. It's where are the earnings coming from? How stable are they? How predictable are they? Where are we in the commodity cycle? So the word that we continue to hold on to is that looking at all of that, where power prices are, where the market predictions should be, where our capital program is at the utility, that investors do have the opportunity for consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend, and I'd rather not be held to a specific number at this point.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, I understand. And real quick, what's the LIPA contribution for the 2014 guidance?
Ralph Izzo: It's $0.02 to $0.03 for '14, then it steps up in basically $0.02 increments, until we get to '16, where it's about $0.07 or $0.08.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a clarification on the ongoing pension question. The $110 million number you referenced, that's the year-over-year benefit from '13 into '14, that's included in guidance, is that right?
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's a great question, Brian. Let me clarify that. So the $110 million was our net of capitalization, so therefore, what impacts the P&L. That was our pension expense in 2013. So in 2014, you're actually going to see pension income, instead of having $110 million in expense, you're going to see pension income, and the turnaround on a year-on-year basis is a $0.15 improvement from the impact of pension going from expense last year of $110 million, to income in the teens that you're going to see in this year's numbers, spread evenly between the businesses. So a $0.15 year-on-year improvement. We expect to see pension income as we forecast out during the business plan. So you're going to see continuation of value driven from pension as opposed to the history we've had in the last few years of significant pension expense.
Ralph Izzo: So just to add to that, Caroline. So Brian, it's not a step up and then a step back down in subsequent years, it's just a resetting of the level of pension. In this case, no longer burdened on the income statement, but benefit, but we'll incorporate that in all of our other O&M forecasts in our March 7 meeting.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, understood. And I understand that you're going to give more quantitative color on the ongoing effect of that at the Analyst Meeting. But in terms of just qualitatively what's going on beyond '14, the reason why there's an ongoing effect there is because, assumably, some degree of asset returns and adjustment in your discount rate, that could cause an ongoing pension income in future years, is that sort of the right way to think about that? Or is there an amortization effect that's taking place?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So the right way to think about this, Brian, is we make long-term assumptions for returns on our investment portfolio, right? We make the same long-term assumptions going forward that we've made prior, right? You know from our disclosures, we assume an 8% return on our asset investments. We just continue to assume that same return. We look at the discount rate from the forward curve, that's why -- the way everybody looks at it, right? So you set it from wherever you land and when we look at it going forward, we're just looking at the forward curves. So the discount rate went up for this year from last year, right? Last year was 4.2%, this year, it was 5%. That's pretty -- just taken right off the curves at the end of 2013. So it's a really steady-as-she-goes set of assumptions about rate of return, which we've set at 8%, and the discount rate, which we just use from the forward curve. Very significant turnaround we see between '13 and '14 comes from the fact that in 2013, our trust returned 20%, and that comes from having that sustained equity-oriented allocation, about 70% equities, and you'll see, if you look at our historical, that's been the same for the past few years. We really take a long-term view. And because we don't smooth the year end asset values, so you remember there's 2 types of smoothing in pension, right? There's the gain and loss smoothing, everybody does that. But the ending assets, most companies smooth the ending asset value. In other words, what value you apply that 8% return to in your current year. Most companies use a 5-year average. We use the actual value at the end of the prior year. So the fact that we had 20% return gives us that benefit as we come into 2014, purely from where the market put our assets at the end of 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kit Konolige from BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So it would appear, if I heard this correctly, that the 2014 guidance benefits relative to 2013 actual by $0.15 from the pension, correct?
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's correct.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So in other words, basically, all of the improvement in, let's say, the midpoint of '14 versus '13 is due to that pension improvement?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, there are a lot of, obviously, different dynamics going on in the businesses as well though, so I wouldn't want you to just focus on one item and not focus on the others, right? We've got significant increases assumed in PSE&G, part of which comes from the year-on-year from pension, but it's much more than that, right?
Ralph Izzo: And we're also have huge benefit from the transmission investment offset by the decline in the hedge prices. So we just need to be careful, Kit, that we don't just pick one thing that looks like a $0.15 change, and say that's the only thing that isn't washing out.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. Absolutely, understood. A lot of moving parts. And the transmission improvement was $0.14 '13 versus '12, is that, did I get that down right?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, that's correct.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that's correct.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And for -- can you give us a sense of at PSE&G '14 versus '13, is the transmission improvement going to be similar to that? And what should we think of in terms of the benefit from the solar investment year-over-year?
Ralph Izzo: What we've always told you so far is that we have a $171 million increase in transmission revenues, now the piece that you're missing is -- was the increase in transmission O&M. We'll give a little bit more information on March 7. The Solar 440 is a 3-year program and you should assume that, that's pretty evenly distributed over the 3 years. And that brings us return at a 10% ROE and a 51% equity ratio.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then my final question, on Energy Strong, there was an article in New Jersey Spotlight about, I guess their indication was that there seemed to be a bid-ask of about $1 billion from the staff and $1.9 billion that you guys had come down to. Are you in a phase -- let me just ask it this way, are you in a phase of negotiating about a number for Energy Strong at this point? And are other issues basically settled?
Ralph Izzo: So Kit, when that article appeared, there was an appropriate and very stern letter that came out of the presiding officer of the BPU chastising all participants, but in particular, whoever was responsible for that leak, which was not us, that such conversations in public would not be tolerated and sanctions unnamed would be enforced afterwards. So I really don't want to even come close to answering your question, other than to say, yes, there was an article.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: I knew that already.
Ralph Izzo: I know you did.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Let me just follow up on that. Ralph, you've been saying all along that you expect a settlement in Energy Strong. Are you still confident that there will be a settlement rather than a full proceeding on Energy Strong?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I am. But I was clearly wrong on the date, right? I thought we'd have it done by the end of January, and I obviously missed that timeframe. I'm still optimistic everyone recognizes the importance of the work that's being proposed, but the devil is in the details.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to sort of follow up on the transmission, this Bergen to Linden line and just all the improvements that you guys have been doing there, should we think about any potential risk to the LDA breakout?
Ralph Izzo: No, Paul. So most of the transmission work that does have impacts you've seen already in the way they've reflected in the RPM auctions. So the 2 biggest projects that had an effect were Susquehanna-Roseland in terms of its transfer capability from Eastern MAAC into PS Zone, and then the -- the overall PS Zone, and then the Northeast Grid and its transfer capability between PS Zone and PS North. I forgot the exact number. I think SR was about 1,500 megawatts and I think Northeast Grid was 400 megawatts or 500 megawatts. I don't remember. 200 megawatts to 300 megawatts, Kathleen's telling me. So those projects have had an effect and that's fully reflected in the price. This latest project is pretty much wholly within PS North and the NYISO seam. So this is a stability issue across the PJM and New York ISO seam.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So no QTU [ph] or anything else that you see out there as being a problem?
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally on taxes for the 2014 guidance, could you just tell us what we should be expecting there?
Ralph Izzo: I hope Caroline can.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we haven't given a specific effective tax rate, but I think it's fair to assume you'll see tax rate kind of similar to what we've seen in Power over the past period, close to 40%. In the utility, obviously, as solar installations go into effect, you have a little bit of an ITC. So there's a little bit of a tax rate benefit, won't be quite as high as Power. But pretty much steady, nothing really dramatically different going on there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you -- just first on the hedging, I noticed that the pricing on the 2015 had gone up a little bit, can you give us some sense on, is that primarily BGS, or is there something else going on in there? Is it peak weighted or just whatever you could give me there? And then any flavor on what the composition of the '16 hedges on the base load?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So you're right, Jonathan. On 2015, a big driver here from our prior disclosure is the impact of BGS. So BGS goes in at about a low teens impact on the total hedge book for 2015, because the most recent auction, of course, puts a full year of BGS in there. And so that's the biggest driver of the change in the hedge percentage and the change in the hedge price, because remember, we put BGS in there at about -- at the BGS price less capacity. So it has an impact as you go into 2015 on a full year basis and then raised the price from $48 to $51 per our last quarter disclosure. For 2016, BGS has an impact in there as well and the book for 2016, per your question, is about 1/3 BGS and about 2/3 West Hub hedges. As we go out further, BGS is a heftier piece of the total hedge book than it is near term, because it tends to be what you can really do on a long-term basis.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then secondly on -- can you give us any insight how the portfolio behaved in this January and early February pricing blowout? Was it a net positive? Was it neutral? And how you've thought about that in the context of guidance?
Ralph Izzo: So we did not factor that into the guidance we've just given you for '14, Jonathan, but I can tell you this, the units performed well. Our gas team was able to get the fuel we needed. There were times when we were running on kerosene and not on natural gas, but the assets were up and running. We had Linden down, I think, for a few days because we were finishing out the AGP, the advanced gas path, but we had solid operational performance, managed the fuel situation very well and did not factor that into our '14 guidance. We have -- Kathleen reminded me this morning, I forgot already, it's only 51 days gone so far, 314 to go. So she didn't want me to get ahead of myself.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you've just basically done it as of year end?
Ralph Izzo: That's correct. That's exactly right.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's right, which is where we've been at.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just short of finally, as we think about this sort of '14 number and the pension and the other moving parts, I don't know if this is something you'll talk about now or not, but do you see '15 and '16 as going to flat to up type of trajectory, netting everything together? Or is there's still kind of hedge roll-off headwind, et cetera, kind of offsetting some of the positives you have on the upside of the business?
Ralph Izzo: So Jonathan, we're not going to give guidance for the out years. We will at the conference remind folks, and I'll just do it at a high-level here, of what the utility rate-base growth will be and how that translates into earnings. We'll present to you data that I think most of you know about RPM, because that does us carry us, certainly, through '16. We'll update -- we will discuss the hedge book to the extent that further detail is needed. So what we don't do is try to outguess the forward price curve, and that's the part that keeps us from giving you precision in the out years. We're going to give you an O&M growth rate. I don't -- so other than the changes in the forward price curve and how we're able to dynamically hedge, which is something that I think we're all learning to understand is a real advantage Power, those 2 limitations keep us from giving you even a plus or minus for the out years. And we'll -- we're going to give you 5 years of utility capital at this time around as well.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But if you use, I mean, not asking you to second guess the curve, but if you assume the curve, can you go there?
Ralph Izzo: Well, the reason why I wouldn't want to do that is I think that limits us to a bias of understating our potential. Our naturally long position with our diverse asset fleet, both in terms of fuel and in terms of dispatchability, has allowed us to benefit from the volatility quite nicely. And the greater that volatility, the greater the benefit for us and that's a theme we've been trying to educate the investor community about for the past 18 months or so, and I think we want to make sure we don't shortchange ourselves by simply saying the curve prediction is a spark of x and therefore that's all you should bake into our numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Can I just -- what we should expect at the conference here? Would you be in a position at that time to give us, Ralph, I guess, this is a question in terms of Energy Strong, would that be done by then or not done by then or I'm just trying to see how you're going to address, what is in rate base for the utility for the next 5 years?
Ralph Izzo: So Ashar, I obviously, did a mea culpa already on predicting it by the end of January, so I'm not going to invite a second opportunity to be wrong or beat my chest over being right by predicting a date and then not living up to it. We're in active negotiations, the hearings begin on Tuesday or Monday, I forget, the 25th. So believe me, there's no one on this call who wants that done sooner, but not without the right terms and conditions for our shareholders and our customers. So I can't predict we will have more details for you. Suffice to say that we will do what we've done in the past. We will tell you here is what has been approved and what is definitely happening and to the extent that there are open questions, we'll tell you what those additional open questions could yield.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And then, Caroline, just based on what you had provided early and I know pension has provided an uplift, but you had still said that going up to '16 year-over-year, even starting from '14 the way I understood it, that the utility company could still show double-digit EPS growth without Energy Strong. And if I am understanding that right, that should still be the case, right, from a '14 to '16 timeframe?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick first question, I'll try. In terms of at least the first 60 days here of the year...
Caroline D. Dorsa: 51 days, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I mean, first couple of months, can you give us any ballpark in terms of what that means for you versus plan?
Ralph Izzo: Caroline, I tried to say no, your turn.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I tried it, I swear.
Caroline D. Dorsa: We can't give you a ballpark, Julien, because obviously, we just put out the guidance at all. But I think as Ralph said, we performed well and we've had other periods where opportunities present themselves, we captured them, and we captured what was available to us here. But we'll be on the phone with you not too long from now doing the first quarter, it seems, right, in April. But I think you should expect that we're able to do the kinds of things that our terrific ER&T group is able to do, which is take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves, because our operations and our assets run really well. But beyond that, I think we'll just wait for the first quarter results.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Julien, I do respect the desire for that information. We have 2 nuclear refueling outages ahead of us. We have a summer season that is at least as important as the winter season. So there's a lot of territory ahead of us before we start taking something to the bank.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, let me just jump onto the last question a little bit and ask you, in terms of -- you have the $1 billion, you have the $2 billion, in terms of aggregate CapEx at the utility, you talked about earnings growth, but for the next few year period, is there an ability to accelerate other spend that you would have otherwise put into Energy Strong? Should it come out at the lower end, if you get what I'm saying? Is there some level of flexibility? And maybe let me just hit at it a little bit differently. How are you thinking about Energy Holdings spending in the context of perhaps greater balance sheet latitude and getting more involved on, let's say, more contracted assets on that side?
Ralph Izzo: So we do continue to invest on contracted assets on the Energy Holdings side, but that is -- it is modest compared to what's going on in the utility. And while I do want Energy Strong for all the reasons we've articulated in the past, the critical issue in the utility has been and continues to be transmission. So whether it's the Bergen, Linden, 345 kV line, that was a $1.2 billion add, now that's a gross number. We will detail for you the net impact of that because some projects have been canceled, whether it's the possibility of the Artificial Island that we've made, along with 6 other bidders, so we don't know if we'll win that. The fact that PJM is going to have an open window in April on FERC Order 1000 project. So there are -- there has continues -- we have consistently been able to find important reliability-based investments to deploy our balance sheet in the utility, and I just think given the uncertainty in the market about where assets get built -- power generation assets get built and where they get shut down, that those opportunities will continue to appear before us. And Caroline, you want to add to that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, and one other thing, Julien. I think we have a robust capital program. We talked about a lot going on, including the potential for Energy Strong is filed, and the other thing that we will talk about in March as we always do and you would expect from our results on our cash and balance sheet position, is everything we've talked about has the potential for going forward, including Energy Strong. None of that takes away our entire investment capacity. So there's more investment capacity to put to work on either good projects at the utility, additional transmission, things like uprates at Power, there's opportunity to do even more because we've run the balance sheet and have so much free cash flow coming from both businesses. So even the things that you know, we'll still have more room to do more things as these opportunities that Ralph identified come -- potentially come forward to us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I'll take that as a general yes.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: In the past, you guys have detailed a slide with the amount of exports that you have from New Jersey to New York. And I think the last time you put one out, it was about 2,500 megawatts. Ralph, can you kind of talk about maybe how that number has changed and maybe more specifically over the last year? And what projects are perhaps in the backlog that could increase the exports out of New Jersey?
Ralph Izzo: Neel, we haven't broken that number out in a number of years, so I'm kind of trying to remember when the last time was that we did break that out. I know we have some -- it's been at least 3 years, I've been told. I know we have some energy and capacity sales over a VST line that goes over to New York. We do some spot transactions, but I don't know that we break out our Power book to that level of specificity.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'm guessing more kind of on the utility side, you talked about...
Ralph Izzo: On the utility side. Utility isn't building any transmission into New York City. The -- perhaps, I hope I didn't misspeak before. The 345 kV is a reliability issue that affects the seam, but it's all inside New Jersey.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: It's all inside New Jersey, okay, great. And then second, with the uprates, the 150 megawatts, are you considering any other kind of expansions at Power? I know in the past, you've kind of talked about, maybe Sewaren or Essex brownfield additions, are those off the table right now, are you kind of happy with the 150 megawatts?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, right now, we have 2 major projects underway. We have an uprate, about 140 megawatts at Peach Bottom, and we have the advanced gas path. And right now, that's all that we have planned. So yes. So thanks everyone for participating in the call. We had a terrific 2013. I mean it was terrific operationally, financially, meeting the needs of the New Jersey Energy Master Plan and we firmly expect that we're going to build on that in '14 and beyond. So we'll share some more details with you on March 7. We hope you're able to join us then in New York. I'm told by Kathleen, in celebration of the winter, we may actually have some sleigh rides and hot chocolates for people, but hopefully we'll have the beginning of some spring weather when we see you on March 7. So thanks for being here today, and we'll see you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Public Service Enterprise's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Lally, you may begin your conference.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our call this morning. We understand it's a very busy day for earnings. But as you are aware, we released our third quarter 2013 earnings statement earlier today, both the release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. And our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2013, is expected to be filed shortly. I won't go through the full disclaimer statement for the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless we are, of course, required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management projections, forecasts and expectations, and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and CFO. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. It's hard to believe that it was 1 year ago when we were reporting results for the third quarter of 2012, while we were responding to the damage to our system caused by Super Storm Sandy. Our Utility PSE&G restored service to 2.1 million customers within 10 days, and PSEG Power's assets, you will recall, was severely tested as well, but performed so as to ensure that electricity was available to every one of those 2.1 million customers as they were being restored. Both companies in the past year have embarked on programs to strengthen their systems. But enough of the past. It's with great sense of satisfaction and, in fact, it's somewhat remarkable when looking back at what we faced at that time, that I can report to you strong operating earnings for the quarter -- third quarter 2013, and in fact, the 9 months of 2013. And on top of that, I can report to you this morning an increase in our operating earnings guidance for the full year from what had initially been $2.25 to $2.50 per share, to our new guidance range of $2.40 to $2.55 per share. So earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2013 of $0.76 per share, compared with operating earnings of $0.75 per share earned in 2012 third quarter. We've delivered solid results that are consistent with our operating objective. And once again, it is due to the tireless efforts of a dedicated workforce that we are on track to meet our near- and long-term targets for capital investment and operational efficiency, and that we can raise our guidance for full year operating earnings. Our shareholders continue to realize the benefits earnings from the expansion of our investment in transmission and distribution, while our customers enjoy the improvements and reliability that come along with it. PSE&G's $3.4 billion transmission investment program includes 5 major transmission lines that require substantial citing and logistical support. Yet all projects are on-time and on-budget and scheduled to be operational during 2014 through 2015. Since PSE&G began its transmission expansion program in 2009, its investment in transmission has grown to represent 28% of rate base at the end of 2012. This represents a net investment of $2.5 billion and expected to grow to represent approximately 40% of PSE&G's rate base at the end of 2015, or an investment approximating $4.8 billion. As I've already mentioned, the investment in these major transmission projects will further enhance reliability for our customer. Shifting our attention to PSEG Power for a moment. Power made an impressive comeback, restoring operations at most of its peaking generating stations to pre-Sandy levels to assure their availability during the critical summer months. And Power continues to benefit from its favorable location. Now in the past, when we referred to Power's locational value, it was typically a reference to the benefits associated with assets in the East located close to the load, and of course, this remains true. But now, Power is also benefiting from our location, which gives us access to low-cost gas in the Marcellus Basin through our gas pipeline and storage contract. PSE&G's residential customers are the primary beneficiaries of this contractor position, and for that reason, PSE&G announced last week that it will be providing a 2-month bill credit for its residential gas customers that will reduce their typical monthly bill by 33% in both November and December of this year. However, to the extent that we affirm pipeline capacity in excess of the need for serving residential customers, this firm transportation capacity may be used, and in fact, is used, to supply Power's generation fleet under a BPU-approved agreement. Power configured its firm gas transmission capability over the past 15 years with the objective of building a network at the most liquid supply hub to support the needs of its customer. PSEG Power, as a result, is one of the largest shippers of gas from the Marcellus Basin. As new interstate pipelines become operational later this year, they will provide an additional outlet for some of the Marcellus supply. We believe, however, that Power should continue to experience periods of higher sparks spread, given PSEG Power's gas transportation condition. Power's earnings are currently benefiting from favorable prices it receives on capacity located in PJM. We were very pleased that the U.S. District Courts in Maryland and New Jersey ruled an amendment that preserves competitive wholesale generation market. We believe that a competitive market is the best approach for ensuring there's a sufficient supply of electric capacity to meet customer demand at the lowest court -- cost. The court's position is not expected to have an impact on markets over the near term. PJM has and will continue to address improvements in market design. It's important, however, that the market rules are understood and the playing field is leveled to support new investment, when needed, over the long term. Now as I've stated already, our strong operating performance is due to the dedication shown by our employees to meeting our corporate objective. This dedication has been recognized with the recently-approved enhancement to our contract to operate the Long Island Power Authority's transmission and distribution system. The contract enhancement will allow Power's energy resources and trade group to manage LIPA's electric dispatch and fuel procurement needs in 2015 and provide for an increase in our management fee in 2016. The agreement remains contingent on LIPA receiving a private letter ruling from the IRS on the continued tax exempt status of its debt. We also remain focused on securing approval for PSE&G's Energy Strong proposal. At this moment, 74 municipalities and 7 county governments have submitted resolutions to the Board of Public Utilities in support of our proposal. Public hearings have been held, and we expect the proposal to receive careful consideration, given the opportunity to improve the resiliency of the distribution system with little net impact on the customer's bill due to the coincidental expiration of various other charges. Now for the year, PSE&G's on track to provide double-digit growth in earnings on increased investment in transmission as PSEG Power's result benefit from the strong locational advantages I've already described. We made a move several years ago to use the strength of our balance sheet to invest primarily in our more stable, regulated business in ways that meet customer needs, as we also sought to protect the upside of our strong merchant business. Our focus is yielding returns, and we're well-positioned to meet the needs of our customers and to perform for our shareholders. I'll turn the call over to Caroline to review our operating results in greater detail and then I'll rejoin her at the end to answer your questions.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. I'll review our quarterly operating earnings, as well as the outlook for full year operating results by subsidiary company. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2013 of $0.76 per share versus operating earnings of $0.75 per share in last year's third quarter. For the 9 months ended September 30, we reported operating earnings of $2.09 per share versus $2.03 per share last year. Slides 4 and 5 in our webcast deck provide a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter and the year-to-date. We have provided, as always, a waterfall chart on Slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business, and a similar chart on Slide 12 provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. I'll now review each company in more detail, and I'll start with Power. As shown on Slide 14, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.43 per share, compared with $0.43 per share 1 year ago. Power's third quarter earnings benefited from higher PJM capacity prices, an improvement in the market price of energy, a decline in the supply cost of gas, and a strong operating performance. Before reviewing the earnings in detail, I want to spend some time on Power's gas position. Power currently sells wholesale natural gas under a full requirement Basic Gas Supply Service, or BGSS contract with PSE&G to meet the gas supply requirements of PSE&G's residential customers. Power has configured its contractual arrangements with interstate pipelines over the years, which amount to $1.3 billion cubic feet per day of firm transportation capacity to meet its obligations under the BGSS contract. Approximately 46% of PSE&G's peak daily gas requirement is provided from Power's firm transportation capacity, which is available every day of the year. Power satisfies the remainder of PSE&G's requirements in storage contracts, LNG, seasonal purchases and other sources of supply. The transportation contracts source gas from both the Marcellus Basin at about 0.6 BCF per day, and the Gulf Coast at about 0.7 BCF per day. This supply is supplemented with 0.9 Bcf per day of storage deliverability from a total storage capacity of about 76 billion cubic feet. But the primary beneficiary of these contractual arrangements, as I mentioned, is the firm utility customer. When capacity beyond daily demand and storage injections is available, it may be used to serve the gas supply needs of Power's generation fleet under a BPU-approved agreement. Over the years, having firm transportation contracts for gas has provided Power with direct and indirect market benefit. The firm gas contracts and Power's electric hedging strategy have allowed Power to take advantage of market volatility created by weather and supplier positions. Gas market volatility also has an impact on the electric market and can affect the value of base [ph] as well as the value of ancillary services provided by Power's generation fleet. We experienced this favorable impact on earnings of the volatility earlier this year, as we have in past years in varying degrees. And you'll recall, we discussed this on the first quarter call. Because production from the Marcellus Basin has increased faster than the availability of infrastructure to move the gas, the cost of gas from the Marcellus relative to other basins has declined in 2013, particularly since July of this year. The cost decline has occurred at a time of low heating demand, while storage was being filled to meet the needs of residential customers in the upcoming winter heating season. Excess supply is normally available in the third quarter and, this year, was available to meet the needs of our generating fleet. So you should think of Power's firm transportation contract providing benefits in the following order: Utility customers are first in line, including the need to fill storage in the summer months. Then to the extent supply exist in excess of these firm customer needs, Power would be able to make off-system sales, a large portion of which, benefit the Utility customer. And lastly, provide gas for its generation fleet. Customer demand and the use of these gas assets will differ by season of the year and is largely dependent on the weather. The ability of generation to access the low-cost Marcellus supply is more likely to occur during the summer months and the shoulder periods for the reasons I just noted. So now I'll provide you with more detail behind Power's third quarter operating earnings. During the third quarter, Power's combined cycle fleet realized spark spreads which were approximately 40% to 45% greater than what it realized in the third quarter of 2012, the direct benefit of its Marcellus position. Power's result also benefited from the favorable impact with higher overall market prices for natural gas and an improvement in PS Zone basis had on spot market prices for energy. So combined, the improvement in the wholesale price of energy and a decline in fuel cost added $0.04 per share to earnings quarter-over-quarter, with the majority of the benefit coming from the Marcellus impact. An increase in capacity prices improved Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.11 per share. The improvement in capacity revenue and wholesale energy margins more than offset the $0.10 per share decline in quarter-over-quarter earnings from a reduction in the average price on hedge volumes. A reduction in generation volumes, as a result of more normal weather and the maintenance-related outage at the gas-fired Bethlehem Energy Center, or BEC, reduced Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share. The major maintenance outage at BEC, which concluded in October, resulted in an increase in Power's operating and maintenance expense, exclusive of storm-related activity, and reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.04 per share. Taxes and other items added about $0.01 per share to quarter-over-quarter earnings in Power. Volumes declined by 5.4% in the quarter. There were more normal weather conditions and the BEC maintenance outage reduced output from the fossil fleet by 10% in the quarter. The nuclear fleet maintained its strong operating performance with an average capacity factor of 91% in the quarter and 93.2% for the 9 months ended September. While volumes were lower, overall performance was strong, including excellent summer availability. The combination of higher capacity prices and lower fuel costs resulted in gross margins for Power of approximately $51 per megawatt hour in the third quarter versus gross margins of $47 per megawatt hour in the year-ago period. Remember, capacity prices increased to an average of $244 per megawatt-day from $153 per megawatt-day on June 1 of this year, and those higher prices remain in effect through May 31, 2014. Slide 19 in your deck provides detail on Power's realized growth margin. Power continues to forecast output for both 2013 and 2014 of between 53 and 55 terawatt-hours. Output for the fourth quarter of approximately 13 to 14 terawatt hours this year is 70% to 75% hedged at an average price of $50 per megawatt-hour. Of 2014 forecast output, Power has hedged approximately 65% to 70%, at an average price of $48 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged approximately 35% to 40% of 2015's forecast generation of 52 to 54 terawatt hour at an average price of $48 per megawatt hour. Power's forecast of total generation output in each of the next 2 years is unchanged from prior guidance. The percentage of generation hedged in each of the next 2 years is greater than our prior forecast and the average price of Energy hedge has declined by $1 per megawatt hour. The changes reflect both an upward adjustment to the forecasted BGS-related hedges, as well as an increase in the percentage of energy hedged at PJM West prices. The data for 2014 now assumes BGS volumes of about 11 terawatt hours versus prior guidance of 10 terawatt hours, as customer switching to third-party suppliers have slowed during the year. Power continues to assume BGS-related load and hedges in 2013 will represent about 12 terawatt hours of generation for this year. Results for the remainder of the year will continue to be influenced by higher capacity prices, as well as a decline in the average price of our hedges. We also continue to forecast an increase in Power's quarter-over-quarter O&M expense, given a refueling outage at our 100%-owned Cold Creek nuclear facility currently underway, as well as the maintenance work at BEC, which concluded as I mentioned earlier, in October. Based on the performance of Power through the year, including the third quarter, we have raised the forecast range of Power's operating earnings for 2013 to $630 million to $685 million, from $535 million to $600 million. Let's now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2013 of $0.33 per share compared with $0.30 per share for the third quarter of 2012. Utility's third quarter earnings reflect increased revenue associated with an increased level of investment. Higher transmission revenue, effective on January 1, 2013, increased quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. Revenue from investments made under PSE&G's distribution capital infrastructure investment program contributed $0.01 per share to earnings in the quarter. Electric demand in the third quarter was influenced by weather, which was hotter than normal, but cooler than the weather conditions experienced in the year-ago quarter. Also, demand for electricity continues to be impacted by customer conservation and a slowly-improving economic environment. Weather normalized electric sales, led by a decline on the residential sector, are estimated to have declined by 2.3% in the third quarter. Sales of gas, although not as important in the third quarter as the demand for electricity, increased 10.4% from year-ago levels, and year-to-date are 1.9% higher than last year. This continues the pattern we've seen this year and talked about earlier and could be reflective of customers' adjustment to an overall lower cost of gas. You'll note PSE&G announced last week that it would be providing its residential customers with a 2-month bill credit that will reduce the typical monthly bill by approximately 33% in both November and December. And this is on top of the ongoing 39% reduction in BGSS rate that have been announced over the past 4 years. The net impact on earnings from weather and the change in sales was a reduction in quarter-over-quarter earnings of $0.02 per share. A slight increase in distribution-related O&M and depreciation expense was offset by a decline in interest expense and other items. PSE&G is investing $3.4 billion in transmission-related programs over the period from 2013 through 2015. This program, which as Ralph mentioned, includes 5 major transmission lines, remains on-time and on-budget. All 5 lines are expected to be operational over 2014 to 2015. And PSE&G filed an annual update of its revenue requirements associated with the transmission investment program with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in mid-October. If accepted, transmission revenue in 2014 would increase by $176 million at the start of next year. PSE&G's control of its operating expenses and recovery of its transmission investment capital on a formula rate basis should continue to allow the company to earn its authorized return. We're tightening our forecast of PSE&G's operating earnings for 2013 from $585 million to $600 million, from the prior $580 million to $635 million. Results from the year will be influenced by a full-year increase in transmission revenue, weaker demand, and the absence of the negative impact of Super Storm Sandy on sales and O&M in the fourth quarter. We continue to anticipate double-digit growth in PSE&G's operating earnings this year and through 2015 based on approved programs. And we'll update you on expectations for 2014 through 2016 in February on our fourth quarter call. Let me now turn to Energy Holdings and Enterprise. PSEG Energy Holdings, together with the parent, reported operating earnings of $1 million for the third quarter of 2013 versus operating earnings of $10 million or $0.02 per share during the third quarter of 2012. Results for the quarter reflect the continued monetization of assets within Holding's portfolio and the absence of a gain on an asset sale that occurred in the year-ago quarter. As many of you are aware, the terms of Energy's recent announcement to acquire Edison Mission Energy or EME as part of an EME Chapter 11 reorganization would protect the entirety of Holding's equity value in the Powerton and Joliet leverage leases. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2014. We have adjusted our forecast of PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise full year operating earnings to 0 to $10 million from the prior $25 million to $35 million. The updated guidance reflects the impact of revised estimates for the legacy holding's portfolio and related taxes completely separate from merchant energy leases, which are expected to more than offset the benefits to operating earnings from the commercial operation of Holdings' sixth solar facility in the fourth quarter. Recall that our strategy in Holdings is the wind down the portfolio, reduce risk and sell off assets. And we think we've been very successful to date in achieving this strategy. Next, I'd like to briefly mention PSEG Long Island. The Board of Directors for the Long Island Power Authority, or LIPA, recently approved amendments to PSEG Long Island's original operating services agreement for LIPA's transmission and distribution system. When all regulatory approvals are received, we will begin to operate under the new contract. The revised terms are expected to add an estimated $0.04 to $0.05 per share to PSEG's earnings when fully effective in 2016 versus the original agreement, which provided a run rate of earnings of about $0.03 per share. Lastly, on the financing front. We continue to be in a strong position to finance our capital program. At the end of September, we had approximately $448 million in cash on hand. Debt represented about 41% of PSEG's consolidated capital, with debt at Power approximating 28% of its capital base. Power's cash flow remains strong and PSE&G's cash generation has improved with its ability to earn its authorized returns on increased levels of capital investment. As we've said before, we can finance our existing capital program without the need to issue equity. And we can finance an expanded capital program that includes spending on Energy Strong-related projects also without the need to issue equity. And that still leaves us with the opportunity for modest and sustainable growth in the common dividend as we look to the future. So finally, just to reiterate, as Ralph said earlier, we're pleased to be raising our guidance for the forecast of operating earnings for the full year of 2013 to $2.40 to $2.55 per share. That concludes my remarks. And Brian, I'll now turn it over to you to introduce the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kit Konolige of ETC Finances (sic) [BGC Partners].
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: A couple of areas. On the decline in demand, 2.3% in the third quarter. Can you give us what that is year-to-date? And a little color maybe on what you think is going on there and what the outlook is going forward from here?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So year-to-date, it was 2.7%. Remember, these are weather-normalized numbers, and I think I've done 26 of these quarterly calls and I always give this same caveat, which is weather-normalization is as much art as it is a science. But we've had some extreme weather conditions, so trying to back that out is not always easy. The big change this quarter was in the residential sector, that was down 2.9%. The good news, if you will, is we're primarily a commercial sector-driven service territory, and that was down 1% in the third quarter which is a little bit stronger than -- which is less of a down that it had been prior year to date. It's a combination of a slowly recovering economy. The unemployment levels in New Jersey are well-published at about 8.2%, 8.3%. We've seen some modest recovery in housing starts, but the status didn't go down as far as others in 2008 and hasn't sprung back as quickly as others. But it's a combination, we think, of economic factors and just greater use of energy efficiency.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And Ralph, do you see that? Is there a -- some kind of structural change going on here where the new normal is going to be that there's negative sales? Or do you expect this to be cyclical and bounce back? And what do you see as the, say, 3- to 5-year growth rate?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so what we've told regulators is that we think that the -- certainly, the old days of loan growth being proportionally GDP are gone. And the more recent year of load growth being half of GDP are likely to not be the case anymore. And that is an important part of why we are so insistent upon contemporaneous returns on our significant investment approach in Utility. Remember, as you well know, Kit, PSE&G's earnings growth are not driven by load growth. Our earnings growth are triggered by reliability enhancements, infrastructure replacement and enhanced resiliency, and the old system of regulatory lag, giving you some load growth to kind of carry you into the next rate case, is one that doesn't work when you have 0-ish load growth as we've been experiencing, and 0-ish is obviously being a little bit kind when we've just reported negative numbers. So whatever the future holds in terms of load growth, which looks to be something that is less than it has been in the past, I think that buttresses our argument for the need for clause recovery mechanism while we're making significant and necessary capital investment. So PSE&G is not about load growth. It's about rate-based growth. And the regulatory system has to reflect the new load growth paradigm.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Great. And one other area, if I could. Can you just give us a little more color, obviously, you mentioned on Energy Strong, the resolutions that have been passed by the local governments. Clearly, you're getting a lot of support there. Is -- has it become -- been mentioned at all in the gubernatorial race? And assuming it's not going to get done until after the election, when -- what kind of timing do you think we have on getting approval?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Kit. So remember that 2 of the last 3 major storms occurred within 1 week of election day. They were the Super Storms Sandy and the Halloween snowstorm of 2012, and third storm, I think that was Irene, which was in August. So mayors and elected officials know only too well the inconvenience and problems associated with local residents being without power. So as a result, we've had these 81 jurisdictions, a combination counties and municipalities rally to show up at public hearings, which went extremely well, I would characterize it, in the months of September and early October. But it wasn't limited to local jurisdictions that showed up in support. We had strong support from a myriad of business associations, hospital associations and labor union. The schedule now calls for evidentiary hearings to take place, I believe, it's in February through the beginning of March. So on a fully-litigated track, this won't be resolved until the end of March in the first quarter. But we remain hopeful that we could settle this because the conversations with the staff have been very, very reasonable. I mean, this is a big investment and they're asking good questions about engineering studies and expectations for what might be the range of cost associated with some of the proposals that we've made. I am not aware of comments that have been made by the candidates. I think early on, the governor said he expects the BPU to give us the full and thorough review, kind of the sort of reasonable and rationale approach that you would expect from this governor, just in light of the complexity of it, and the fact that he has a full BPU that's supposed to look after this. And I don't believe it's hit the radar screen of his opponent. I'm looking around the room here, and everyone's shaking their head, no. So I don't think I missed the article that might have mentioned it. So seeing that, we're still hopeful that we'll come through some settlement agreement around the end of the year. And as long as you allow me to define the end of the year as possibly including January, I feel very confident of that. That's where things stand right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, thanks for all the detail on the gas positioning and kind of the benefit you guys are seeing from basis differentials. But Caroline, I prefer to think about this a little more. What is the full year benefit you guys are seeing? If you got about $0.04 in the third quarter, if you look at kind of the basis over the year, how much accumulative benefit have you guys seen this year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. Well thanks, Dan. So you remember some of the things I said in my remarks, because of the way in which our contract structure works and the primary benefit is always to the PSE&G residential customer, you're going to see us get these benefits when they're available in those sort of shoulder seasons or seasons where the residential customer doesn't need a lot of heat, like the summer. So we saw the Marcellus prices really come down this summer. That was sort of the single biggest drop we saw, and that -- it lies immediately right into our shoulder summer period. So the $0.04 I just described in this quarter, the majority of it is coming from the Marcellus, is the quarter in which you saw the gas to electric benefit from Marcellus have the biggest impact on us this year. So that's the way to think about it from sort of a gas to electric has primarily been this quarter, and you wouldn't expect to see on the gas to electric a lot of benefit in the winter, because the benefit's going -- the pipeline is going to the residential customer. That being said, remember, in the first quarter, we talked about the fact that some of the volatility that was happening in gas, given our position and given our ability to sell off capacity and off-system sales when there is a need, actually contributed $0.04 per share quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter. But that was not the gas to electric, right? That was the BGSS itself in terms of its ability to cover -- recover our fixed cost, which we hadn't in the first quarter of '12, because you may remember, it's so mild that winter. So the way to think about it going forward, the way I'll encourage you to think about is you'll see us to the extent that this differential persists. And again, we don't know how long it will persist, but we have probably the single best positioning to garner it when it persists. It's going to be in shoulder periods through summer periods, where the residential customer doesn't have that gas demand. We didn't see it as much this spring because that Marcellus price drop really happened in July. So going forward, I'd encourage you to look for it in the sort of spring and fall periods, or shoulder periods, but from gas to electric, it's been this quarter that you've really seen it come through the P&L.
Ralph Izzo: I think one of the other things we've noticed, Dan, that's been quite favorable, and is difficult to quantify, is that to the extent that, that benefit is not available to Power, that's because residential gas demand is high, which would tend to mean that we have some severe weather conditions, which benefit Power and Utility in other ways. And to the extent that there is not a strong demand, which would suggest that there's a weather condition that is not beneficial to Power and Utility, then the basis differential seems to expand, which offsets that negative outcome. So there's also this kind of natural hedge phenomenon taking place that seems to work to our favor.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So just done with it, your $0.04 benefit, if spreads stayed where they are today, kind of in the second quarter, we could replicate something like we saw in the third quarter of this year because that'd be another low gas demand period. Is that a reasonable way of thinking about things?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So I don't want to forecast the specific, right? Because it depends on what happens to that differential, and of course, recognizing, as we said, there are some lines that are coming in, right, into the New York region, the Spectra line, the Williams line. So not certain how that basis will actually move in the future. But to the extent the basis is there, we think we're well-positioned to capture it, but I wouldn't want to get specific on a number because that all depends on weather conditions and everything else.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And I guess, just along those lines. Is that going to -- with this opportunity or maybe a more obvious of an opportunity, are you guys going to reevaluate how you hedge the gas generation in the future, maybe the structuring of the hedges or the magnitude of the hedges?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So I don't think so, Dan, for this reason, right? Because if you think about where I was citing the benefit, it's the spark spread widening that we received, the realized spark spread at that 40% to 45% level. Remember, as we look at our hedge table, as we always break out for you, the base load versus the intermediate, this combined cycle, that's the part of the fact that you see us do very little hedging in advance of the current year. So for example, it's about 10% hedge, that whole category right now for next year, that's typically what you see us optimize in the year. So to the extent that we see combined cycle has opportunities here, those opportunities are still going to be available to us, and we're going to hedge in, essentially, the same way for that part of the stack, which is in the year. And in the year is where we tend to have some visibility.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to understand the contract structure of the Marcellus gas at Power. Is the way to look at it that the firm pipeline capacity cost is borne by the PSE&G ratepayers and the -- that off-system sales when the gas isn't needed for them kind of accrues to Power as a variable cost with no operating cost associated with it?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Neel. So good question. So the cost of the pipeline is passed through to the residential customers. So it's not a net cost to power, so the residential customer is covering the full cost of distribution, as you would expect, nor is the pass-through of the gas to the residential customer a profit center for Power. It simply goes through to the residential customer. When there is excess beyond what the residential customers need, then we have the ability to make off-system sales, and when we make those off-system sales, the value that's garnered there is shared with the PSE&G customer. In fact, the majority goes to the PSE&G customer and then there's a small amount that's left for Power. So think of Power as providing this on a pass-through basis to the customer, covers -- customers covers the cost. Power doesn't make money on the actual throughput. Then to the extent there's excess, there's value garnered from the off-system. Majority goes to the customer, residential customer, and a minority of that comes to the bottom line for Power.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. So is the way we should think about it is that as these contracts kind of roll off, you'll re-contract them just from the perspective that PSE&G needs Marcellus gas to supply LDC and customers? Or is it more of a kind speculative bet that Marcellus pricing is lower?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. So good question as well. It's not a speculative bet. So if you remember, I think Ralph said this in his remark. We set up this network of our contracting about 15 years ago. And it was designed and developed to cover the PSE&G load from liquid sources. So it's not speculative, but it's also not short term. These are actually very long-term, evergreen-like contracts that we have the rights to, together with the contracts we have for storage. The entire design was to support our PSE&G customers. The real story and then the story we've been telling this quarter is, as has always been the case, when the customer needs are lower and the excess can be used for PSEG Power, we do that. It turns out this summer that, that's turned out to be very beneficial because of Marcellus, but the original design and purpose, which has been for many years and will continue to be for many years, is to pass this value through to our customers, and then if there's excess, and only then if there's excess, we use it for PSEG Power.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of GPS (sic) [UBS].
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So switching topic a bit, if you will. I wanted to focus quickly on this switching phenomena you described. And I suppose the question is, is it yet just fundamentally the offers out there is just less competitive and there's less headroom in a rising capacity price environment? Or is it rather that we're reaching some sort of floor in customer migration and there's something of customer lethargy to be explained [indiscernible]?
Ralph Izzo: Julien, as you know, we're not in the retail business. But our response would be that this is probably a combination of those 2, that your most price-sensitive customers were the first to go. And now, just having folks switch is a bit more of a challenge. [indiscernible] a decline in BGS prices, so our headroom has been single-digit delta throughout the year. And that headroom has to be something that your cost of customer acquisition lives under. So it's not a business position that we're in. But I think it's a combination of 2 things you mentioned.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just to be clear, what level of switching did that correspond to for '14? I'm not sure I caught that.
Ralph Izzo: As a percentage basis?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, if you don't mind.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, percentage basis, we don't forecast that any longer. But I can tell you the numbers that we see in terms of this is the overall aggregate switching from BGS, right? Or in that sort of mid-high 30 percentage point range, and that has not really changed in the past few quarters. So we used to try and track it every quarter and give you targets for it. What we think makes more sense is to give you those targets we now give you for BGS, which is, you may remember from my remarks, we just raised by 1 terawatt-hour for next year. So it's not just coming through to be that much more switching. And the reason really is, as Ralph said, the headroom just isn't that large. Whatever the retailers are doing on those dynamics in their profitability, obviously, a question for them. But it appears to have leveled out and, of course, as BGS prices have come down, right, the average price came down $1 when we started this year's BGS season. Given was what was rolling off and rolling on, there's just not that much difference.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then looking at the Long Island opportunity here. Just to think about perhaps beyond the fees that you could receive here, can you be a little bit more explicit about the investment opportunities, perhaps rate based-like or otherwise, that you can earn on?
Ralph Izzo: Sure. So Julien, so let's count -- and I try to point out the $0.03 in '14 grows to $0.07 to $0.08 by '16. And then there is a provision in the contract that requires that we propose a concept. It really is just a concept by July 1, '14 on the Utility 2.0. But what's interesting about it is that it describes in the contract, in words that are similar to many of the things that PSE&G has done successfully in New Jersey under various clause mechanisms, and those are renewable energy resources, energy efficiency and behind-the-meter services. So we have a team of people looking at that. That's not something that we can forecast a number right now or even a time frame. But the proposal is due from us to the LIPA Board on July -- by July 1 of next year. And we're excited about that because there are some good things we've been able to do for customers in New Jersey that we'd like to do for customers on Long Island, and I'm sure they get fair treatment as a compensation for doing so.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, not to beat up the subject one more time, but on the gas issue, looking towards '14 rather than '13, I presume a full year of sort of wider gas basis deposit to positive, but meanwhile, you could have some offsets from new gas infrastructure reducing that basis. Is that the right -- a fair way to characterize full year impact in '14?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, I think that's very fair, Julien. I guess the way that I think about this all-in is we don't know what the basis will turn out to be. Obviously, that's determined by the market. We -- obviously, we serve our residential customers first. But we have a large position, as you saw from what we put in the slides here, right, of 0.6 Bcf per day of shale supply. So we have nice opportunity. And to the extent that, that opportunity presents itself in terms of a differential, we think we're actually pretty optimally-positioned to take advantage. And so in those periods where the customers need the PSE&G are low. To the extent that basis is still there, we're going to be able to capture it. So I think that -- I think all-in, that's the way I encourage you to think about it. We can't predict it anymore than you can predict it, but when it's there to be garnered, we garner it. We garner it first for our E&G customers, but after that, we garner it for Power. And we're pretty pleased about that opportunity of positioning, which wasn't developed for that reason, but has now given us a real opportunity.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Guys, your balance sheet capacity is still quite robust and all the more so, by this -- bolstered by the strong performance you're seeing at PEG Power. If you don't get approval for the full $3.8 billion of Energy Strong, would that spare balance sheet capacity then be redeployed into perhaps some more robust growth in the dividend?
Ralph Izzo: Yes so Greg, so we maintain that our #1 priority is reinvesting in the business. As you know, in addition to Energy Strong, we have some transmission resiliency programs that we are in pursuit of with PJM. So you would see us make sure that we're exhausting all regulated growth opportunities. Then we've been talking to PJM, as is everyone else, and very publicly about the 2012 RTEP enhancements that were pushed forth. That was grandfathered on the FERC Order 1000, so those projects would come to us as an incumbent. We proposed some projects coming out of Artificial Island as on FERC Order 1,000 basis as well. So I'm running through a laundry list of regulated Utility investments that are beyond Energy Strong. But of course, our primary focus right now is, over the near term, getting Energy Strong. Having said that, yes, #2 on the hit parade is the dividend. And then #3 on the hit parade, in anticipation of somebody else following up, would be share repurchase. But I would put, far and away, #1 is reinvesting in the business and then, #2, would be dividend growth.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Two more questions. First is with the decision on LCAPP, does that change your calculus on whether or not you would bid sea worn[ph] into the next PJM base residual auction?
Ralph Izzo: So partially, right? What it does is it reduces the risk of a competitively-bid unit having challenges come through subsidized plants. We would do the same kind of return analysis, we use the forward price curve for the near term and then we use our fundamental models over the longer term, and then we have our own internal hurdle rate that, I think, we've been applying in a fairly disciplined way. So those numbers have to pass muster first and foremost. And then of course, there's the qualitative discussion, which is all around, "Well gee, what do we think the rules will be like x years from now." And the recent court decision helped mitigate some of that risk, but they don't help in terms of the market fundamentals. By the way, Greg at the risk of beating a dead horse, I want to go back to your first question. Even with all of the Energy Strong and transmission opportunities that we see, at the risk of stating the obvious, the balance sheet is strong enough to support modest and sustain growth in that dividend. I think just your question was sort of without those things, would you do more, and I was responding in that vein earlier.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: No, that was clear. Last question. Is the lack of load growth in the service territory, perhaps to some degree, related to the very high degree of rooftop solar penetration you have in the state? And if so, can you comment on trends in further penetration of distributed generation, mainly rooftop solar? And I guess that dovetails with the commentary on how the abstract markets are performing?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so clearly, all of these things are contributing factor. To Kit's point before, I mean there's energy efficiency, there's lack of a very strong and robust economic response. There's distributed generation. I think we're still the #1 developer of solar energy in the state. And when the program is finished, it's about 200 megawatts or so -- 180 megawatts, with a capacity factor of about 12%. So from an energy sales point of view, it's really fairly miniscule, which is kind of the challenge, right, around solar, that when you take that numerator, which is sizable in terms of the capital invested, and you divide by energy output, which is not so sizable, you get a pretty high cost of solar electricity, which is something that we're very clear with our regulators. That in pursuit of these RPS spends, that one has to be mindful of the rate impact to the customer from the point of view of cents per kilowatt-hour. So short answer, of course, will be yes, it's a contributor. Longer answer would be, if you do the arithmetic, it's not that big a contributor.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And going forward, do you see penetration continuing at the current sort of rate? Or do you see solar investment, both from utilities like yourself and independents declining?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I think that the real challenge -- that's a tough question to answer. The real challenge is, if we're determined to live by the Renewable Portfolio Standards, then the question I would pose to the policymaker is, when we originally test that standard, it's under the assumption that as we nurture the industry in the early stages, it would then achieve certain economic efficiencies either in the form of lower cost of panels or in the form of higher efficiency rates, that it would become kind of self-sustaining and after it, prices would come down and probably, the ITC would go away at the federal level. We've seen those panel prices come down, but it has not come down -- those prices have not come down enough to be economically competitive with $4 gas. And I think they're beginning to see the first example of that reflected in our own solar filing, right? We went in and asked for $800 million plus over 5 years, and we got $440 million over third -- 3 years. And I think, based on conversations I had with policymakers, that was kind of a reflection of, yes, we can't do this forever. We need to start seeing some of those expectations be realized in terms of the economic viability of the technology. And that makes perfect sense. I mean, it's just -- I'm a huge solar fan. We've invested over $1 billion in solar. But we can't keep doing this at the price point that it's been achieving and do it at the RPS levels that we hope to see in 2020 or 2023[ph].
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont of Jefferies and Company.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So if I look at the -- you're expecting, I think, $85 million to $95 million of uplift at PEG Power versus where you had been previously. If I look at the $0.04 in the third quarter and then the other gas-related item in the first quarter, that makes up roughly, I guess, $70 million. So what makes up -- would gas, in some way, shape or form, also make up the remaining piece of the $85 million to $95 million? Or is that coming from somewhere else?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So Paul, in terms of the -- you've correctly pointed out the factors that we've highlighted and some of which we talked about today, gas in the first quarter and in terms of BGSS and then the $0.04 this quarter. Remember that one of the things we have also talked about during the year is we have had some higher market prices than original expectation. So on a year-over-year basis, that's given us some uplift a little bit different than what we expected. So prices have come up, and that you see that, of course, across the fleet in every quarter, offset by the hedges, but a little bit more positive than our expectation. So I think it's been -- we've got great operational performance. Now, we do expect that, but it's certainly come through. We did have weather that was warmer than normal this summer. Cooler than last year, but warmer than normal, and you know we always plan on normal weather. So when you put all those factors together, with the benefit we've actually seen on those specific things that I called out and you just called out, that's, overall, what really lifts us across the fleet. So it's a confluence of factors that have all worked in our direction. But of course, which we've been able to take advantage of because of our good operational performance.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then if I look at the BGSS volumes, I guess, on a steady state throughout the year, roughly 75% is residential, roughly 25% is nonresidential. Would you not get the benefit for the nonresidential portion, even in the winter month in terms of pipe usage?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So the -- so just to clarify, right, for the residential customer, right, it's a pass-through cost. So there's no profitability kind of either way relative to that. And for the commercial customer that uses some of that gas and territory, I think we've gone specifically into all of that. But really, think of it is, in general, it's sort of a formula based on market prices in a competitive market. So I wouldn't look to that, frankly, as a significant source of overall earnings going forward. Think of that as a little bit more on just a competitive market basis.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I'm still not sure. In terms of my question, my question just relates specifically to winter month. On another word, in winter month, should we allocate some benefit because there's a roughly 75%-25% split, where 25% of the cost -- of the volumes, at least, are going to customers on which you are able to make a margin.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, that's right. So again, a competitive, sort of a market-based approach for BGSS for the nonresidential customer. I just want to be sure to distinguish between the residential and nonresidential because there isn't margin in the structure for the residential customer. There is some margin for us under the contract for the nonresidential customer. But again, I wouldn't look into that as a significant source of earnings, and that's something we've been getting overall all the time, right. That's something that's been baked into our numbers, so baked into our year-on-year.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Right. But the -- I think the price differential at -- in the Marcellus is a recent phenomena. But what you're saying is even in months where you're at peak usage, you are still -- there will still be benefit that is essentially going to benefit PEG Power from the lower cost gas.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. That's right. That's exactly right, yes.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then if I look at third quarter, I would assume third quarter would be less of a profit opportunity for you than fourth quarter because you also are dedicating a certain amount of pipe to storage delivery, correct?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we are dedicating pipe to storage delivery, as I mentioned. But keep in mind, you've got some going into storage, but you don't have the residential customer draw. So actually, from -- if you're just looking at the issue of what kind of benefit does Marcellus give to the combined cycle, the best opportunities for that are in the shoulder period where the customer demand, residential, PSE&G customer, is pulling less of the pipe, right? So we definitely are filling storage. We absolutely do that. But given the flow that we have, that you've seen in the slides in our deck, we fill the storage, but we still have extra room. And so, we typically fill the storage earlier in the summer month, and then when we -- the storage is essentially filling up, we have that extra flow on the pipe. We can use it for our own generation or we can sell that pipe capacity to others. So I would say, when you think about the gas pipeline and the benefit, you think about the potential benefit for us is the least in the winter and the most in the seasons other than the winter because you've got the least draw on the 1 class of utilization of the pipe that isn't a profit opportunity, and that's the PSE&G residential customer.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then my last question just has to do with -- for the LIPA contribution, you say it's $0.03 in '14 going to $0.07 to $0.08 in '16. So in '15, should we just pick something like a nickel contribution. In other words, it goes -- I assume it goes up from the $0.03 but not quite to the $0.07 to $0.08.
Ralph Izzo: That's exactly right. You should add another $0.02....
Kathleen A. Lally: I think, operator, that brings us to the noon hour. And I know everyone's busy with earnings calls today. So if Ralph...
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So thanks, Kathleen. So hopefully, you'll notice that Carol and I and the team are quite pleased with our quarter. We're pleased with the year-to-date. And moreover we're greatly encouraged by our opportunities and the fact that we have the financial strength to take advantage of those opportunities and have demonstrated the execution when the opportunities come our way. So we hope to see you all at EEI. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Brian.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Nick, and I am your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference call, Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 30, 2013, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 12:00 p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on August 8, 2013. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thanks very much, Nick. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings conference call this morning. As you are aware, we released second quarter 2013 earnings statements earlier today. And as mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides earlier this morning that detailed operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, is expected to be filed shortly. I'm not going to go through the full disclaimer statements or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or our other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations, and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2013 of $0.48 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.43 per share in 2012 second quarter. The results for the quarter bring operating earnings for the first half of 2013 to $1.33 per share, and that's compared with operating earnings of $1.28 per share earned in 2012's first half. Slides 4 and 5 contain the detail on the results for the quarter and the first half. We are very pleased with our results. All of our businesses performed well, and once again, demonstrated the ability to succeed against the background of slow growth in the economy at large and lower power prices. Our earnings results for the quarter were once again based upon our employees' efforts. We are realizing the benefit to of earnings from the expansion of our investment in transmission, which remains on time and on budget. Our earnings are also supported by our employees' focus on controlling the growth and operating expenses. Lastly, our financial results were aided by the restoration, post Sandy, of most of our peaking generating stations to assure their availability during the key summer period. But strong execution above all means providing a level of service expected by our customers. We would not be able to deliver this level of service at all times, and especially during periods of extreme weather, as we have experienced, without our daily focus on maintaining, as well as improving through ongoing investment, our electric and gas system. Earnings for the second quarter also continued to be supported by the locational advantage enjoyed by Power's assets, the dispatch capability of Power's portfolio of assets and Power's open position on its intermediate and peaking generation. As a result of PJM's latest auction of capacity, that is the RPM auction, Power's assets will receive an average price of $1.66 -- $166, that would be terrible, $166 per megawatt day for the 2016, 2017 year. The results for the latest auction are essentially inline with the average price of $167 per megawatt day received in last year's auction, but it remains above the average price received for capacity within the PJM region. The price for capacity in Arizona will stay at a similar level from mid-2014 through mid-2017. Auction results yielding prices for that period have incorporated many pushes and pulls, including the impact of new transmission transfer capability, the addition of subsidized generation, the impact of environmental rules on capacity and the tightening of regulatory oversight over new options, such as demand resources. Over the past few years, we have all seen administrative design elements within the capacity market create some volatility in pricing as PJM continues to address improvements in market efficiency. But upon more careful scrutiny, it is quite clear that stable capacity-related parameters exist in our zone and have for the past 3 years. We also benefit from our close proximity to low-cost shale gas in the Marcellus basin, which has resulted in lower gas cost of PSE&G's customers and provides our large fleet of gas-fired combined-cycle generating assets with a source of low cost fuel supply. This profile allowed us to capture value by managing volatility in the energy marketplace, while minimizing downside risk through the hedges on our base load fleet. In short, this past quarter, the combination of returns on new investment and the capable management by our employees of each business demonstrated PSEG's ability to perform well, even against the backdrop of slow economic growth and low power prices. But we remain equally focused on meeting our long-term growth objectives. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, the BPU, approved our plans to invest up to an additional $446 million in renewable energy through our Solar Loan and Solar 4 All programs. This investment will fund up to 143 megawatts of new solar capacity. We are making progress with key stakeholders on explaining the importance of strengthening our infrastructure and improving system resiliency through our proposed Energy Strong program. Nine months have passed since Superstorm Sandy devastated New Jersey, but it remains very much on our minds and on the minds of regulators and other policymakers. Public support for Energy Strong has grown since we proposed the investment program back in February. As of today, 55 municipalities and 5 county governments have passed resolutions in support of our investment program. The BPU has appointed a lead commissioner and we are in discussions regarding the scope and timing of the work to be performed. As a reminder, we have asked the BPU to approve spending for the first 5 years of the 10-year program. This would amount to $2.6 billion of the $3.9 billion program. It would represent approximately $2.2 billion of capital spending to strengthen the distribution through 2017, which is the timeline we've outlined previously for our capital program. All of these statistics are independent of additional transmission investments we would make. So we expect the program to receive careful consideration, given the opportunity to improve the resiliency of the distribution system with little net impact on the customer's bill due to the coincidental expiration of various other charges. Separately, in New York State, we are discussing the final terms of a renegotiated contract to operate the Long Island Power Authority's distribution system at the start of 2014. These actions will strengthen the infrastructure and improve our system reliability throughout the region. In the true spirit of how PSEG has operated for a century, this will enable us to serve customers better while providing reasonable returns to our shareholders. We aren't changing our guidance for full year operating earnings of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. However, given the strength of our results for the second quarter and the first half of the year, we do expect our full year operating earnings to be at the upper end of our guidance, assuming normal weather and normal unit operations for the remainder of the year. So with that, I'll turn the call over Caroline, who will discuss our financial results in greater detail, and then I'll join her at the end for Q&A.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2013 of $0.48 per share versus operating earnings of $0.43 per share in last year's second quarter. We provide you with the reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter on Slide 4. We've also provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business, and a similar chart on Slide 12 provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. And I'll now review each company in more detail starting with power. PSEG Power reported operating earnings of $0.22 per share for the second quarter of 2013, compared with operating earnings of $0.22 per share for the second quarter of 2012. Power's second quarter earnings benefited from higher 2013 realized PJM capacity prices and a quarter-over-quarter improvement in the market price for energy with an increase in the price of gas from last year's second quarter levels. Market prices for energy were influenced by a higher price for natural gas, quarter-over-quarter, and an improvement in the premium on power sold in the PS zone which, of course, we know is basis. These conditions were similar to, but not as extreme as, the market conditions Power experienced in the first quarter and you would expect that moderation in a shoulder quarter. The market price for Power is influenced by the movement in the price of gas and it's also influenced by constraints on generation and on the transmission system. This upward movement in realized wholesale market pricing quarter-over-quarter increased Power's earnings by $0.04 per share, an increase in the average price received on PJM capacity to $183 per megawatt day from $124 per megawatt day improved Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.07 per share. And as a reminder, PJM capacity prices increased to $244 per megawatt day on June 1 of this year, and that price factors into 1 month of the average price realized in the second quarter, but that $244 price will be in place through May of 2014. This improvement in wholesale market pricing offset the impact on earnings of an approximately $9 per megawatt hour decline in average contract prices on energy hedged through the BGS, Basic gas Generation Service contract, as well as other wholesale contracts. PSEG Power's operation and maintenance expense was unchanged from year-ago levels. An increase in O&M at fossil associated with planned outage work was offset by a reduction in outage-related work at nuclear. An increase in depreciation expense related to the installation of 400 megawatts of new peaking capacity and low pressure turbines at Peach Bottom was offset by a decline in interest expense. PSEG Power's output during the quarter was basically unchanged from the 12.7 terawatt hours generated in the year ago quarter, an increase in output from Power's base load nuclear and coal fleet offset a decline in production at Power's New Jersey-based coal units. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor in the quarter of 87.9%, bringing the capacity factor for the fleet in the first half of the year to 94.4%. The fleet's performance in this quarter was influenced by a refueling outage and main generator repair work at Salem 1, which, as you know, is 57% owned by us and operated by PSEG Power, versus a refueling outage in the second quarter of 2012 at Power's 100% owned and operated Hope Creek unit. Power's base load coal units in Pennsylvania increased their generation. The combined cycle gas-fired fleet ran at levels equivalent to their strong performance in the year-ago period, with a 57% capacity factor. The location of PSEG Power's generating and natural gas assets provided with access to low cost gas supply in the Marcellus basin to partially fuel the combined cycle fleet. The combination of price and operating performance supported gross margins of $43 per megawatt hour, similar to the level realized in the year-ago period. Power continues to forecast output for 2013 of 53 to 55 terawatt hours. Output for the remainder of the year of 26 to 28 terawatt hours is 70% to 75% hedged at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. For 2014, forecast output of 53 to 55 terawatt hours was approximately 55% to 60% hedged at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged 30% to 35% of its forecast generation in 2015, that total forecast generation of 52 to 54 terawatt hours, at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. The increase over the last quarter in the percentage of generation hedged through 2014 and 2015 reflects an increase in the level of hedges on our base load generation, consistent with our ratable hedging program. Power's intermediate and peaking generation remains open and the data by year is provided for you on Slide 20. Average hedge prices continue to reflect assumed BGS volumes of 12 terawatt hours in 2013, and 10 terawatt hours in 2014. Power's hedging profile is very consistent with our prior practice, and as we have demonstrated, ratably hedging our base load while some intermediate and peaking remains open, even in the current year, reduces Power's downside risk by recognizing the need to meet demand requirements of full load contracts, like BGS, while minimizing the risk of a unit not being available. It also provides Power the opportunity to optimize the portfolio under the right set of market conditions. The forecast of Power's operating earnings for 2013 remains unchanged at $535 million to $600 million. However, given Power's strong results in the first half of the year, we expect operating earnings for the full year to be at the upper end of Power's guidance. Results for the remainder of the year will continue to be influenced by a decline in the average price of our hedges and higher capacity prices. Remember that the average price for Power's capacity in PJM increased to $244 per megawatt day on June 1 from the prior $153 per megawatt day. We also continue to forecast an increase in Power's O&M in the second half of the year, given major maintenance planned at 2 of the combined cycle units and a fall refueling outage at Hope Creek. The forecast for Power's operating earnings, as we have indicated, doesn't include the cost of storm-related repair. Power expensed approximately $200 million pretax on storm recovery activity in the second quarter of 2013. This brings the total pretax storm-related expenditures to $135 million. Of this amount, Power recognized an additional $25 million of insurance proceeds in the second quarter for a total of $44 million in insurance proceeds to-date. Let's now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2013 of $0.24 per share compared with $0.20 per share for the second quarter of 2012. And results for the quarter are shown on Slide 23. PSE&G's second quarter results reflect the contribution to earnings from the increased level of transmission investment. The execution of our transmission program added $0.04 per share quarter-over-quarter. PSE&G experienced weather conditions in the second quarter, which were favorable both relative to normal conditions and in comparison to weather experienced in the year-ago quarter. As compared with normal temperatures, weather was colder than normal in April, normal in May, and warmer than normal in June. Electric kilowatt hour sales declined approximately 2.5% in the quarter. Demand for electricity from the residential sector grew by about 0.8%. However, demand from the commercial and industrial, or C&I sectors, remained weak. Demand for electricity continues to be affected by customer conservation in the face of a slowly improving economy. PSE&G's margin on electric sales was flat quarter-over-quarter, despite the decline in sales, as margin from C&I customers is based on demand levels, more than on volume. Sales of gas increased 17% quarter-over-quarter, reflecting primarily more normal winter weather versus 2012. Consumers of gas after years of responding to high commodity prices by reducing consumption appeared to have adjusted their behavior to reflect an expectation of lower commodity prices, and we see a small uptick in the weather normalized gas sales. The net impact on PSE&G's earnings from weather and the change in sales was a reduction in quarter-over-quarter earnings of $0.01 per share. The earnings comparison reflects an increase in weather-related demand for gas of $0.01 per share, which was offset by the absence of $0.02 per share of revenue accrued under the gas weather normalization clause in the year-ago quarter. PSE&G implemented cost controls throughout the quarter in response to lower demand growth. As a result, distribution-related O&M expense was unchanged quarter-over-quarter. For the remainder of the year, distribution-related O&M is expected to be lower than levels realized in the prior year, given expectations for a decline in storm-related restoration expense. Recall that PSE&G incurred approximately $0.05 per share of O&M in the fourth quarter of 2012, related to Superstorm Sandy-related restoration work. These expenses, unlike the treatment for power storm restoration work, are reflected in operating earnings, as you recall, we discussed last year. PSE&G's tight control of operating expenditures continues to allow it to earn its authorized return. As Ralph mentioned, the New Jersey BPU approved the settlement authorizing an increase in PSE&G's spending on Solar by up to $446 million. We have, as a result, adjusted our forecast level of capital spending. PSE&G is projected to spend approximately $215 million over the 2013 through 2015 period on the Solar 4 All extension and Solar programs, resulting in total capital expenditures over this period for PSE&G of $5.1 billion versus the prior forecast of $4.9 billion. Spending on these 2 newly approved programs will continue beyond 2015. Slide 26 outlines the updated capital expenditure program for 2013 through 2015. These new programs will bring PSE&G's investment in Solar to $1.1 billion. Our forecast of PSE&G's operating earnings for 2013 remains unchanged at $580 million to $635 million. Results will be influenced by a full year increase in transmission revenue and the absence of the negative impact of Superstorm Sandy on both sales and O&M. Let me now turn to PSEG Energy Holdings and parent. Operating earnings for PSEG Energy Holdings/Enterprise in the second quarter of 2013 were $8 million, or approximately $0.02 per share, versus operating earnings of $4 million or $0.01 per share earned during the second quarter of 2012. These results were in line with expectations and reflect a gain on the sale of a commercial office complex in the second quarter. Holdings remains focused on monetizing key assets as it also builds a portfolio of Solar projects. The expected fourth quarter operation of a 19-megawatt solar project in Arizona will bring holdings portfolio to 6 solar projects, with a total capacity of approximately 90 megawatts. We continue to forecast full year operating earnings for PSEG Energy Holdings/Enterprise of $25 million to $35 million. The results will include the contribution from Holdings legacy investments, a full year of operation at the Milford and Queen Creek solar facilities, which entered service in the fourth quarter of 2012, and the commercial operation of a 19-megawatt facility in Arizona in the fourth quarter at a cost of approximately $50 million. Our forecast level of consolidated capital spending has increased by approximately $215 million over 2013 through 2015 related to the solar approval to bring us to $6.4 billion. PSE&G's capital program represents approximately 80% or $5.1 billion of our planned investment. We're in a strong position to finance our capital program. PSE&G issued $500 million of 10-year medium-term notes at 2 3/8% and retired $150 million of 5% medium-term notes in the quarter. At the end of June, debt represented 41% of PSEG's consolidated capital, with debt at Power approximating 28% of the capital base. Power's cash flow remain strong and PSE&G's cash generation has improved with its ability to earn return on increased levels of capital investment. As we have said, we can finance our existing capital program without the need to issue equity, and we can finance an expanded capital program that includes spending on Energy Strong-related projects without the need to issue equity. And this still leaves us with the opportunity for modest and sustainable growth in the dividend as we look out to the future. We continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. And as Ralph indicated, we expect results for the full year to be at the upper end of our guidance, assuming normal weather and unit operations in the remainder of the year. With that, we're now ready to take your questions. And I'll turn it back over to Nick to introduce the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Greg Gordon from ISI Group.
Caroline D. Dorsa: We can go onto the next one. Greg can call in again.
Operator: Our next question is from Travis Miller from Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the coal to gas switching environment. And how much of this increase in coal and flat at least to gas gigawatt hours was related to economic switching? How much was just related to how the load distribution fell out?
Ralph Izzo: So Travis, we'll team up on that one. Our New Jersey coal units need gas to be at about $5.50 to $6 to be dispatched on coal. So they, year-to-date, run probably 2/3 more often on gas than they have on coal. So that low teens capacity effect that you see for the year is probably running at 2:1 gas to coal for our Hudson and Mercer units. Having said that, our Keystone economy units have been dispatched quite a bit more this year than they were last year, given the slightly higher gas prices as compared to the 2012. But you'll recall, 2012, we had 0 winter, and gas, at one point, it was down to $1.90. So Caroline, did you want to supplement that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. And you recall, as we talked about in the first quarter, we had our units, Hudson and Mercer, running on both gas and coal. Mercer actually more on coal than gas. Hudson wasn't ready to run on coal, given the Superstorm Sandy-related remediations that were coming online in the first quarter. In this quarter, the units ran, but they ran entirely on gas, given those economics that Ralph just mentioned. So the good news for us is the ability to have those units, which are now available to run on coal, and of course, all the environmental spend already done. But having that inherent fuel flexibility to move between coal and gas has provided us with value as we look at those assets.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Was there any kind of weather impact year-over-year on that -- on your fleet, in terms of generation?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. Not second quarter in terms of generation. Remember, we talked about much stronger generation in the first quarter because we had a real winter this quarter as opposed to last year. Generation this quarter was essentially flat, a little more than 12 terawatt hours, as I mentioned on the remarks, versus last year's second quarter. So kind of pretty much normal in terms of how to think of quarter-over-quarter for this quarter.
Operator: Brandon Blossman from Tudor, Pickering.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Kind of a follow-up question on the New Jersey gas units, you'd mentioned, Ralph, in your prepared comments about taking advantage of less expensive Marcellus gas. And we've seen some pretty dramatically low pricing kind of day-to-day in the Marcellus at certain trading hubs. Are you able to take full advantage of that? And is there any kind of plan for kind of going forward to be able to maybe contract for some of that gas at below NYMEX prices?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I'll let Caroline chime in on this one.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, so a good question. As we said, we are positioned to be able to access Marcellus gas. And we do access some of our gas through Marcellus, and obviously, we have some storage capability that enables us to do that. Then, of course, we bid the units into the market in the normal bidding process. So we're always looking for the best sources of gas relative to our units. We follow all the normal practices in terms of how we bid into the market in terms of how those units are compensated. Of course, that's a very competitive sort of situation, so I don't want to give too much detail here. But you're right to point out, we do have access to both sources of gas as we bid the units in.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Helpful and very interesting as we go forward. And then, kind of as a follow-up, last couple of PJM, RPM auctions, we've seen some new build CCGTs clear. Do you guys have any insight on whether or not those get built and is the financing available for those projects?
Ralph Izzo: So our focus has been primarily in the Eastern Max zone. And to the best of our knowledge, there is a new unit that is being built in Eastern Mac, owned and operated by LS Power consortium of companies. All indications are that it has proposal for a power plant, which is now calling to someone else, the northern PS Zone is moving ahead. There are 2 other plants that we know a little less about. And as a matter of fact, we believe that a plant that was proposed in the Somerville area is not going forward. That would have been in the Eastern Max zone as well. As a matter of fact, there was a filing made by PSE&G about -- with that developer regarding the terms and conditions of their standard offer contract agreement. And in fact, that developer agreed that they were no longer going to honor the conditions of that standard offer contract agreement. One other plant had cleared the auction last year and that one we simply have been told through public comments that it is at least a year delayed and -- but it's still intending to go forward. So everything I just told you is out in the public domain and it's the best information we have at this point.
Operator: Question comes from Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the process at the New Jersey BPU around the energy hardening program that you proposed. And when you'll be able to update us on more accurate CapEx forecast over the next few years versus the one that doesn't include elements of your proposed program?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Greg. So where things stand right now is Commissioner Fiordaliso has been named the hearing officer for the filing, the filing is complete, although we do keep getting some additional discovery questions and are responding to them. Hearing dates have been announced for September and October. Now what happens after that is a little bit flexible. We've proposed a schedule that would result in a fully litigated decision being the December 18 meeting of the BPU. Others are proposing a different schedule and Commissioner Fiordaliso hasn't ruled on that. We anticipate his ruling on the schedule to be imminent, less worried about the schedule because, as you know, we tend to try to move on this and other issues in the settlement route [ph], which is what we did with Solar and what we've done in prior infrastructure programs. So I still remain hopeful and optimistic that we'll have some things resolved by the end of the year. It's pretty clear we've missed taking any action for this storm season, that doesn't mean I'm expecting or hoping for any storms but quite the contrary. Our hope though is to be able to get things resolved by the end of the year so that we can begin the engineering and design work to get some infrastructure hardened prior to next year's storm season. And -- but we just don't have anything more definitive on that. Rest assured, Greg, we will tell you and everyone else everything we know as soon as we know it and as the BPU will release information. None of that has any impact on our plans to spend an additional $1.5 billion on transmission over that 10-year period, with about $500 million of that taking place over the first 5 years.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And separately, on the insurance proceeds at Power, what are you expecting in terms of the timeline to get that recovered? And I guess, the comment on guidance?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So this is Caroline, Greg. So relative to the insurance, as we mentioned, we had an additional $25 million recovered this quarter. So total recoveries under the insurance for Power, $44 million, and there's about $6 million for the utilities. So total recoveries for the company, about $50 million. In terms of timeline, we don't have a timeline for anything for future. As you know, we have filed litigation relative to the parties, the underwriters relative to coverage terms. And of course, since we are in litigation, we can't comment on the progress or status of litigation, and of course, that means that the timeline is really subject to the outcome of that litigation. What I can tell you is that we continue to make the repairs that we have discussed and we'll continue to report them on an actual basis as Power's O&M below for operating earnings purposes as we've updated this quarter. Just a reminder, that was $135 million for Power in the aggregate that was spent, and from that, you subtract the $44 million for recovery that we received from the insurance companies for a net $91 million. So can't forecast exactly how that will play out, given litigation. We will, of course, report it to you on an actual basis.
Operator: Question is from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit, when you look across the fleet and really look across not just your fleet, but the industry, kind of think about the competitive positioning of your company versus others. In terms of the economics for some of your coal units, whether it's Bridgeport up in Connecticut or even Hudson and Mercer over a long period of time, as well as there's been a lot of discussion about the economics of nuclear, of existing nuclear. And just kind of talk about what you're seeing and how it impacts your company, as well as how it impacts the industry as a whole?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Michael. So we've talked a bit about the dispatch curve, right, and the fuel flexibility we have and the technology flexibility we have. By and large, the nuclear units dispatched ahead, and except for that one, anomalous situation we had our base load coal is always called upon to run. But then the Bergen and Linden units swapped places with the Hudson and Mercer units for the past few years and who knows what the future will bring. So I feel good about the fuel and technology flexibility we have as it pertains to the dispatch curve. And I think, one obviously needs to consider any capital improvements that need to be made when thinking about the overall economics of plants, and really, that comes in 2 forms for all of us. One is just sort of Clean Air Act rule capital investments. And as you know, all of those are behind us with some SERs and as we put on our Conemaugh plant being the one exception. So we're in great shape from a HAPs-MACT compliance point of view, and you can expect us to continue to operate and run our plants based on just a marginal cost basis here because there is no additional sudden cost that needs to be made. The post-Fukushima drivers for the nuclear plants are still undetermined at this point. However, we do have quite a few changes -- differences in our plants that are different from the typical design of other units. For example, all of our spend fuel pools are behind concrete reinforced buildings. So we don't have butler buildings, stainless steel buildings that are protecting our spent fuel pools. We have different designs in our vents that we are going to argue before the NRC are already hardened. So we're in a good shape from a point of view CapEx going forward. As a matter of fact, we're still going ahead with Exelon and our Peach Bottom upgrade. We feel that strongly about the dispatchability and economics of our nuclear units. So I don't know what to say about others, they can speak for themselves, but I feel pretty good about the fleet that we have.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just maybe one for Caroline, an unrelated question. When you think about the lease exposure, the Edison Mission bankruptcy, how should investors quantify the potential risk to PSEG, whether it's from a tax perspective or kind of other perspective in terms of your being one of the lessors?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks, Michael. So relative to the lease exposure, we've talked about that, and of course, disclosed that for a pretty good amount of time in our financial statements. I think the way to think about it is when you look at the exposure amounts, typically think of that total exposure as we talked about, and for Edison Mission, it's about $220 million. Think of that as the pretax amount of the maximum amount of a write down, but also remember that, that's not cash, right? That's the write-down amount. We've talked about the cash exposure related to the taxes. But I think the -- one thing to keep in mind for this is this has been deferred again in terms of any decisions related to rejection of the lease until September. And we are obviously representatives for our share and our rights in that process. The deferral continues, which apparently is, obviously, from the lessors -- from the lessee's perspective on their decisions on what to do in that regard. In terms of the other leases that we have, they continue to be current on payments. Obviously, the Edison case is different, but that's why we're in this process right now. So if we think about the write-off exposure, it's that amount, as I mentioned, on a pretax basis, and then you put it on an after-tax basis.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is the tax exposure -- I'm just trying to think about going back and thinking about leases and kind of back taxes and that type of stuff. Is the tax exposure, could it any way be more significant than the $220 million?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. The tax exposure is less than that. I can tell you that for sure. And then, of course, that would be process relative to our rights from the lessee in terms of any recapture.
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A question on, I guess, the Energy Strong initiative. I think, your comments earlier, Ralph, you had said that you've kind of missed the window to maybe reinforce the system for this storm season. Is it the weak industrial load, and it looks like weak demand, maybe a headwind of getting a large project approved in the state?
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't think so, Anthony. This is a big capital program. And the BPU staff understandably is doing a very thorough job of trying to assess, from their point of view, whether or not we prioritize things the way they think maximizes benefits for customers. Not surprisingly, the consumer advocate wants us to do it for free and that's kind of a tough thing for our shareholders to accept and for us to accept this measure. So really doesn't have anything to do with demand at all. As a matter of fact, all of our infrastructure programs, transmission, Energy Strong are completely decoupled from demand growth and really have much more to do with either a replacement of an aging infrastructure or the desire to move from best-in-class reliability, which truthfully say, we possess, to just greater resiliency. And in fact, probably no one has felt the damages associated with storms more so than our commercial and industrial sectors.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: When do you expect the, I guess, final decisional approval, is this, this calendar year? Or does it potentially carry over to '14?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean, we are hopeful and still confident that it will be this calendar year, but you never say never, so it could spill over into next calendar year, I just cannot imagine it spilling deeply over into next calendar year, if it were to do so.
Operator: Question is from Shahriar Pourreza from Citigroup.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe I could just ask a question on gas. Over the past several weeks, we've seen a negative basis with gas into east relative to the Henry Hub. How has this -- have you seen an impact with Power's hedges, especially if you hedge gas, which is tied to Henry Hub, and you've hedged the heat rates for Power on using eastern gas -- on eastern prices? Have you seen an impact in any of your hedges at Power?
Ralph Izzo: Shahriar, we deliberately keep our load following in intermediate assets open, certainly out beyond the current year. We've seen tremendous volatility in basis, the $3 or $4 number that we see in the future has little bearing on the day-to-day or day ahead or real-time basis differential. And so we don't make a habit of hedging the fuel separating apart from the electric output. We match that. And from that point of view, sparks have been pretty robust and the basis has been pretty robust for us. And you've seen an effort 2 quarters in a row, right, for different reasons. And that's one of the themes we're trying to highlight in our discussions with investors and here on this call, that it goes to the question that Michael asked before, our competitive positioning is one of having good assets in good locations that could take advantage of the volatility in the market through our natural long position. And it's not just as simple as, okay, power prices at the western hub of $39 and PEG has got this amount of open position and let's multiply it by those 2 numbers. Caroline, chime in here as well.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And one other thing to keep in mind, Shahriar, we've talked about this, as you may recall, earlier this year, when you look at and try to estimate approximate forward basis, you can get to some numbers that we see as well in the low single-digits, but when the demand has been there and there's been issues of congestion, you've seen that basis be higher in the closer to real time. And so by having the assets open in our positioning, we've been able to capture some of that volatility in basis. And we have a slide in some of our investor materials that talks about that in terms of seeing how volatile that basis has been, our ability to capture that volatility as we make our assets available is something else that our team is very focused on.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then just maybe just one last question on that. If you get to a period where Marcellus just keeps producing and you don't really get a lot of gas being shipped from the Gulf in that basis of what you're seeing sort of expands because we've seen an expansion over the past several weeks. Is there a potential impact that you can see on Quarks and some of the nuclear economics, if you get to a period where the forward curves continue to trade at a discount?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I think that there's no denying that. I mean, clearly, our gas fleet will do better, but to the extent that overall prices come down and Quarks compress, then you'll see an impact on our nuclear fleet.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. So just to recap, another strong quarter, we believe. Power actually eked out a couple million dollar improvement over last year, which is a nice change in the trend line of Power. And utility, right on track with the double-digit earnings growth that we've talked about, largely driven by great progress on the transmission construction program. And looking longer term, we're pleased with the dialogue we have with BPU staff on the Energy Strong proposal. We're pleased with the dialogue we're having with folks over at LIPA on how we might be able to enhance that relationship even before it begins. And with that, well, we look forward to seeing many of you in several of the upcoming conferences that we'll be at in August and in September, so we'll see you in person very soon. Thanks, everyone.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ashar Khan Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name would be Tamara, and I am your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference call, Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, April 30, 2013, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 p.m. Eastern time today until 11:30 p.m. on May 8, 2013. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, operator. Good morning. We appreciate your participation in our call this morning. As you are aware, we released our first quarter 2013 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments can be found on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2013 is expected to be filed shortly. As you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes, unless we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or our other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations and for reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I'm now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2013 of $0.85 per share, which equaled the operating earnings from 2012's first quarter. We are very pleased with our results -- the current quarter's results compared to operating earnings in the year ago period, which benefited from IRS tax settlements at PSEG Energy Holdings and PSE&G by contributing $0.13 per share to consolidated operating earnings. We also achieved these strong results despite a decline in the average price of our hedged energy. The quarter's earnings demonstrate the locational value of PSEG Power's assets, which, along with the strong performance of PSEG Power's nuclear fleet and Power's open position on its intermediate and peaking generation, allowed us to take advantage of a favorable price environment in the energy marketplace, while managing downside risks through the hedges on our base load fleet. Our results also reflect the steady increase in the earnings contribution from PSE&G's capital investment in transmission. Mostly, the quarter's results are an affirmation of our focus on operational excellence and disciplined investment through maintenance of a strong balance sheet to meet the core objectives of our customers and shareholders for reliability and growth. The performance of Power's nuclear fleet was enhanced by record quarterly generation from the Salem station. An upgrade of the equipment and the design of the circulating water intake structure at Salem greatly aided its performance. Power also worked tirelessly to restore critical generating stations to operation in the aftermath of the damage created by Super Storm Sandy. The Linden gas-fired generating station was returned to service on January 11 and was available to meet the increasing demand during the winter months. The Hudson coal facility was also returned to service in January. However, given the dual fuel flexibility at Hudson, this station was able to run on gas until higher gas prices and demand favored its dispatch on coal. Regulatory recovery of PSE&G's investment in transmission under its FERC formula rates increased the earnings contribution from this critical enhancement to PSE&G's infrastructure. PSE&G's investment in transmission will help drive our forecast to double-digit growth in PSE&G's operating earnings in 2013. PSE&G is expected to invest $3.4 billion in transmission from 2013 through 2015. This investment will increase transmission as a percent of PSE&G's rate base to approximately 40% and continues to drive our expectations for double-digit earnings growth at PSE&G over this multi-year period. We benefited from excellent operating performance and an increase in our capital investment this quarter. But as focused as we are on meeting our short-term goals, we are equally committed to delivering on the long-term promise associated with our proposed 10-year $3.9 billion Energy Strong distribution investment program. This program, along with plans to invest $1.5 billion to harden our transmission system over the same period, is a natural extension of our strategy to maintain PSE&G as one of the nation's most reliable utilities. We are seeking approval from the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities for the initial 5-year distribution-related capital program associated with Energy Strong, which would occur during a period of time when some major changes on the customer electric bill are scheduled to expire. On a separate matter, we have reached an agreement with the staff of the New Jersey BPU and certain other parties on our quest to expand our investment in Solar under the Solar Loan and Solar 4 All programs. The BPU is expected to act on the agreement at its meeting on May 29 and issue a final order on May 31. We believe the agreement recognizes the importance of the solar industry to New Jersey and will allow the BPU to focus on our infrastructure filing to make New Jersey Energy Strong. In the meantime, we are responding to the BPU staff's request for additional information on our Energy Strong proposal. We can't provide you with a schedule, but expect the program to receive careful consideration, given the opportunity to improve the resiliency of the distribution system with little net impact on the customer's bill. Our financial condition is strong. This was recently affirmed by Standard & Poor's upgrade of the credit ratings for each of PSEG's principal subsidiary companies, as well as the company's consolidated credit worthiness. The upgrade is an endorsement of the strategy we have been focused on, which allows us to leverage the strength of our balance sheet to invest primarily in our stable and regulated business in ways that meet customer needs and state goals, as we protect the upside of the merchant business and provide growth for our shareholders. We remain on track to meet our objectives for full year 2013 operating earnings of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. Our success, as always, is driven by the hard work and dedication of our employees and was amply demonstrated in the first quarter's operating results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2013 of $0.85 per share, equaled to operating earnings of $0.85 per share in last year's first quarter. We provide you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter on Slide 4. And as you can see on Slide 8, PSEG Power provided the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.49 per share compared with $0.39 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.35 per share compared with $0.39 per share last year. And Energy Holdings and Parent together contributed operating earnings of $0.01 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.07 per share during the first quarter of 2012. We've provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 9 to take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business. And I'll now review each company in more detail, starting with Power. PSEG Power reported operating earnings of $0.49 per share for the first quarter compared with operating earnings of $0.39 per share for the first quarter last year. Power's first quarter operating earnings benefited from strong market prices for energy, higher capacity prices and an increase in output. Normal winter weather conditions experienced this year compared to the abnormally mild weather conditions you'll recall in the year-ago quarter, higher market prices for natural gas and market volatility all contributed to stronger energy prices during the quarter in Power's primary PJM market. The improvement in wholesale market pricing quarter-over-quarter offset the impact of an approximately $10 per megawatt hour decline in average contract prices on energy hedged through the Basic Generation Service contract, or BGS, as well as other wholesale contracts. As a result, we saw a net increase in earnings quarter-over-quarter attributable to price of $0.02 per share. An increase in capacity prices on June 1 of 2012 to $153 per megawatt day from the $110 per megawatt day price in the first half of 2012 improved Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.05 per share. Power's output increased 7.7% during the quarter, as a result of the higher market prices for energy and more favorable weather. The increase in generation added $0.02 per share to earnings quarter-over-quarter. The improvement in pricing and output together led to a $2 per megawatt hour increase in Power's gross margin in the quarter to approximately $48 per megawatt hour. The weather experienced in the first quarter also had a favorable impact on off-system gas sales. The increase in send-out also aided recovery of the fixed expenses associated with Power's gas supply and storage operations. These 2 items together improved quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. The improvement in revenue and margin was somewhat offset in the quarter by an increase in operating and maintenance expense, exclusive of storm-related activity, which I'll mention later, and other items which reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Higher depreciation expense related to the placing in service of the new peaking capacity and low-pressure turbines at the Peach Bottom nuclear station reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. During the quarter, the nuclear fleet operated at full capacity, slightly in excess of its rated capacity or 101% and provided 57% of Power's output. The fleet's performance was enhanced by the absence of any forced outages and record first quarter generation from the Salem station. The economics of operating Power's coal units on coal improved in the first quarter. Performance was supported by an increase in demand associated with more normal weather conditions and higher gas prices than experienced last year. Generation from Power's coal fleet nearly doubled from the year-ago quarter and provided approximately 16% of Power's output. The increase in output was experienced at all of our coal stations, with the largest improvement at our New Jersey and Connecticut-based coal units, which operated on a very limited basis in the year-ago quarter. Although the dispatch economics of the coal fleet have improved with higher gas prices, gas prices have not reached the level necessary to sustain the dispatch of fully-scrubbed coal ahead of our gas-fired combined cycle fleet. Power's gas-fired combined cycle fleet operated at an average capacity factor in the quarter of 52% compared to 56% in the year-ago quarter. Output at the Linden facility continued to be affected early in the quarter by repair activity in the aftermath of Super Storm Sandy. The station was returned to service in January. The Bergen station, which was not affected by the storm, operated at an average capacity factor of 56% in the first quarter versus 53% in the year-ago period. Slide 16 outlines Power's hedge profile through 2015. Power continues to forecast output for 2013 of 53 to 55 terawatt hours. Output for the remainder of this year is approximately 70% to 75% hedged at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. For 2014, output is forecast also at 53 to 55 terawatt hours and is approximately 50% to 55% hedged at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. Power has hedged 25% to 30% of its forecast generation in 2015 of 52 to 54 terawatt hours in total at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour. The results include the impact of the February 2013 auction of BGS load in New Jersey. A price of $92 per megawatt hour for the 3 years beginning on June 1, 2013 will replace the expiring contract for approximately $96 per megawatt hour. Our assumption on the percentage of output hedged and the price of the output continue to reflect BGS volumes of approximately 12 terawatt hours in 2013 and approximately 10 terawatt hours in 2014. The percentage of generation hedged reflect the expectations for the full year across a portfolio of assets consisting of base load, intermediate and peaking capacity. As you can see in Slide 16, our low-cost base load generation is more fully hedged in any 1 year with our intermediate and peaking facilities more open to the market. This practice -- this profile is very consistent with our practice, and we believe it reduces Power's downside risk, recognizes the need to meet the full load requirements of the BGS contract during the important summer months and minimizes the potential risk of a unit not being available during critical periods. It also provides the opportunity for Power to optimize the portfolio under the right set of market conditions as we did in the first quarter. The forecast of Power's operating earnings for 2013 remains unchanged at $535 million to $600 million. Results for the remainder of the year will continue to be influenced by a decline in the average price of our hedges of approximately $10 per megawatt hour and higher capacity prices. Remember that the average price for Power's capacity in PJM is scheduled to increase to $244 per megawatt day on June 1 of 2013 from $153 per megawatt day. We also want to point out that Power's full year expectations reflect the impact of an increase in O&M during the second half of the year associated with plans for the Bethlehem, New York and Bergen-combined cycle facilities, which undergo major maintenance programs as part of normal plant maintenance cycles. This will increase O&M expense for the year above what was incurred during the second half of 2012 and above the expected trend for O&M growth over the long term, but all of this is consistent with and baked into our guidance. The forecast for Power's operating earnings, as we have indicated, doesn't include the cost associated with storm-related repair. Power expensed approximately $28 million, pretax, on storm recovery activity in the first quarter of 2013, bringing total pre-tax storm-related expenditures to $113 million. And of this amount, Power has received initial insurance proceeds of $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 to return its facilities to service. Let's now turn to PSE&G. For PSE&G, as shown on Slide 19, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2013 of $0.35 per share compared with $0.39 per share for the first quarter of 2012. PSE&G's first quarter results reflect the absence of $0.06 per share in tax settlement in the year-ago quarter, which more than offset the contribution to earnings in the quarter from PSE&G's increased level of transmission investment. As we mentioned in February, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, authorized PSE&G's request for an annual increase in transmission revenue under our formula rate filing. The increase in revenue, which was effective on January 1 of 2013, supported a quarter-over-quarter increase in the net bottom line earnings contribution from transmission of $0.03 per share. Electric and gas demand in the quarter was influenced by weather, which was close to normal, but significantly colder than a year ago. And the favorable weather comparison added $0.02 per share to earnings. An increase in distribution-related operation maintenance expense quarter-over-quarter was influenced in part by storm-related repair, but more significantly by normal weather. PSE&G focused on O&M-related work in the quarter, as opposed to a year ago when the abnormally mild weather conditions supported an acceleration of capital-related work. The increase in distribution O&M reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.02 per share. And an increase in depreciation expense and other miscellaneous items reduced earnings quarter-over-quarter by $0.01 per share. Electric and gas sales grew in the quarter at a rate of 0.9% and 23%, respectively, given the more normal weather conditions versus 2012. We estimate weather-normalized electric sales declined by about 2% in the first quarter from year-ago levels, as weather-normalized gas deliveries increased by about 0.6% quarter-over-quarter. As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G has reached an agreement on its proposed Solar capital investment programs. Under the agreement, PSE&G will invest up to $199 million on 97.5 megawatts of new solar as part of the Solar Loan III program. The agreement also provides for PSE&G to invest approximately $247 million to develop 45 megawatts of new solar capacity with 42 megawatts of this amount developed on landfills and brownfield sites as part of the Solar 4 All extension program. The agreement represents approximately 50% of PSE&G's original request to invest up to $883 million on the 2 programs and provides for a return on equity of 10%. This capital investment is expected to occur over a 3-year period of time instead of the 5-year program we initially proposed. And keep in mind, if approved, this investment of up to $446 million is incremental to the base spending of $4.9 billion for 2013 to 2015 that we discussed on March 1 and appears on our 10-K for PSE&G. The settlement, which is for a 3-year period, provides for essentially the same amount of spending over the 2013 to 2015 period, as we included in our upside case on March 1 for solar. So this continues to support a potential 12% compound annualized growth rate in rate base through 2015 if you include all of our new programs. We're maintaining our forecast for double-digit growth in PSE&G's operating earnings of $580 million to $635 million. Results for the full year will continue to be influenced by growth in the earnings contribution from PSE&G's investment in transmission. And our forecast also assumes that the full year growth rate for distribution-related O&M will be lower than the rate of growth seen during the first quarter, as we don't assume a similar level of storm-related repair work as we experienced at the end of 2012. I'm sure you'll recall that Super Storm Sandy-related repair work reduced earnings by $0.05 per share during the 2012 fourth quarter. Let me now turn to Energy Holdings and Enterprise. Energy Holdings and the Parent together reported operating earnings of $4 million or $0.01 per share compared with operating earnings of $39 million or $0.07 per share during the first quarter of 2012. The results for Holding and Enterprise aren't really a surprise. If you recall, operating earnings for the first quarter reflect the absence of the $0.07 per share tax benefits received in the first quarter of 2012 related to the settlement of the 10 years of IRS tax audits. We're maintaining our estimate of full year operating earnings for PSEG Energy Holdings and Parent at $25 million to $35 million. The results will include the contribution from Holdings' legacy investments, a full year of operation at the Milford and Queen Creek solar facilities of 40 megawatts, which entered service in the fourth quarter of 2012, as well as the forecast commercial operation of a 19-megawatt solar facility located in Arizona, which is expected to enter service in the fourth quarter at a cost of approximately $50 million. We're very pleased with S&P's recognition of the strength of our balance sheet and the balance provided by the mix of growth and stability incorporated in PSEG's financial strategy. S&P raised its corporate credit ratings on PSEG, PSE&G and PSEG Power to BBB+ from BBB. And the rating on PSE&G's senior secured debt was raised to A from A-. And the rating on all 3 issuers is stable. As we said, we can finance our capital program without the need to issue equity, given the strength of Power's cash flow and our already strong balance sheet. At the end of March 2013, debt represented 41% of our consolidated capital, and we ended the quarter with $420 million in cash. Overall, we continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. That concludes my comments. And I'll now turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for questions. Operator, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Paul Fremont of Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, the first question I have is, why did the New Jersey BPU believe that your Energy Strong filing was incomplete? And I guess, what should we assume as the timeframe where you would, I guess, resubmit a more detailed plan?
Ralph Izzo: Paul, hello, it's Ralph. Obviously, you can tell my voice from Caroline’s. We put something in that we believe makes a lot of sense in the point of view of the number of customers that would be affected in a future storm. Over 800,000 fuel would be out. But what the Board is now probing more deeply into, which makes perfect sense, is given the vast size of the program, $3.9 billion over 10 years, with the lines -- with half of that in the first 5 -- a little bit more than half in the first 5, what's the cost benefit associated with each aspect of the program. So they're asking more detailed questions about, "Okay. What does it cost to harden a substation versus to underground certain lines? What is the cost benefit associated with enhancing the SCADA systems on the distribution network versus raising some of the inside plant in the substations." So it's a fair set of questions from the Board staff. We received them -- I think, it was about April 15. And last I checked with Ralph LaRossa, he was reading the draft final response to them yesterday, and we expect them to go back to the Board staff sometime this week. So I view this as normal course of business and prudent regulatory due diligence by the Board staff, and we're ready to answer, as I said, this week their questions.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then, my follow-up question would be, interveners seemed to have reacted negatively to the tracker clause recovery mechanism part of your proposal. Would the company consider moving forward without that as part of your Energy Strong program?
Ralph Izzo: So let me break that question into 2 pieces because I respectfully will disagree with the characterization of interveners broadly defined, some interveners have. But we have 37 towns and counties that have passed resolutions supporting this. We have countless number of unions and trade associations supporting this. We have the New Jersey Chamber of Commerce supporting this. We have regular letters to the editors supporting this. We have over 5,000 people, who are a blend of employees and customers, who've signed up on our advocacy site who realized the cost of losing power, far and away, exceeds the cost of doing this. Now having said that, a microcosm of interveners have said, "Yes, we don't want this to be done during a tracker -- using a tracker." But let me be very clear. We will not do this without a tracker. These are extraordinary investments, taking the most reliable electric utility in the nation to a higher level of reliability, and we're not doing this with retroactive rate making.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question. On the Power side, could you just talk to what drove the positive basis in the quarter, just the various factors and the sustainability of those factors, if you wouldn't mind?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Julien. It seems to be largely the changing gas dynamics in the marketplace. So as there’s an increased build of gas gathering and transportation infrastructure, some of that volatility will be diminished in the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So then, what would you expect going forward, just to be clear, because I know there's been a lot of different projects, some of which are going to bring gas to your neck of the woods?
Ralph Izzo: I'll let Caroline respond, but we would expect $2.25 to $2.50 a share this year.
Caroline D. Dorsa: In terms of basis, Julien, we don't forecast that. And for sure, we don't see basis levels on a continuing basis the way we saw them years ago. We're still looking at single-digit type bases. But I think the important thing to recognize, as Ralph was mentioning, is when we've seen demand and when we've seen higher prices and when we've seen the weather that we saw, you see basis spike up. And because we're not 100% hedged, we get to take advantage of that, and that's what we did in the first quarter. So long term, similar lower levels like we've talked about before. But when there's spikes, we see them in our region, the locational value is still there and because of the way we operate the units, as you know, and how we sell them in, we try to take advantage of that as much as possible.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So -- and perhaps, a quick clarification or follow-up, does this relate at all to some of the dynamics that are going on in New England and the very high gas prices we're seeing there? Is there any kind of export opportunity, should we say?
Ralph Izzo: No, I wouldn't see that at all. I mean, at a -- at an 80,000-foot level, it relates to the rise and dominance of natural gas and the infrastructure being a little bit lagging in terms of the dominance. But I wouldn't go any more specific than that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And back on the Utility, if you don't mind, again, I appreciate that it's sort of dynamic right now. But at the end of the day what kind of timeframe are we talking to getting across the finish line on some sort of approval for Energy Strong? I mean, what is kind of the timeline from now, if you will?
Ralph Izzo: We don't have a schedule, Julien. But I mean -- yes, there was a 6 month anniversary of Sandy. The Board staff turned around their questions very quickly, and they did that in, I think, 10 or 15 days. Our response was very quick, 15 days. I'll simply say that I would be disappointed if we didn't have something by the end of the year. And I know everyone is working real hard to do something in the fourth quarter timeframe. But it's a complicated set of issues, and -- but one that there's been no diminishing of recognition of the importance of it. In fact, I think it grows with every passing day.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Ashar Khan of Visium.
Ashar Khan: Can I just -- so one thing isn't clear from the remarks, if I heard them correctly, that positive basis in the first quarter was not anticipated and hence, the Power's good results were better than expectation for the first quarter. Is that a fair commentary?
Ralph Izzo: No, Ashar, I think, maybe you misunderstood. But could you just repeat what you said in the beginning? Was it certainly about congratulations on a good quarter or something like that? Yes, the -- look, if we go back to ancient history of about 36 months ago, you would see basis numbers of about $10 to $20. And if you look at more recent history, you'd see consistent basis numbers of about $3 or $4. And we just had higher basis than that low-single digit numbers in the first quarter driven by a myriad of factors. And I think what Caroline was saying is that our locational advantages remained, we always have some power plants opened and we're never 100% hedged to take advantage of those occasional spiked increases in basis whenever you get these kind of dislocations in gas deliverability.
Ashar Khan: Okay. I understand, Ralph. But could you just -- give us a little bit more of what the basis has been in January, February, March? And I don't know if there's any data for April?
Ralph Izzo: No, I was about to, and then, like, 3 people sat on my head and said, "No." I'm not allowed to do that. So, no, we won't -- we don't give the specifics on the basis. It's competitive information.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on -- congratulations on getting the Solar settlement done. I was wondering if you guys could kind of share the -- kind of where the conversation went, kind of to the scale or to the size you guys ended up with and then accelerating the timeline both what it means to maybe the future of Solar New Jersey. And then, is there a cost or a rate threshold that you're finding amongst interveners that could potentially be reflective in the Energy Strong project?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Dan. It's Ralph. Those are -- that's a series of excellent questions that I'll try to do just -- do justice in a brief response. So remember, we filed Solar in July of last year, and then we had a major event that occurred just 3 months later in the form of Sandy. So one of the things I think we and the Board are always mindful of is what are the rate effects of investments and what are the benefits associated with those investments. In the case of Solar, we've never ever shied away from the fact that Solar is not the competitive cost alternative for energy supply. This is an industry that we believe has a future. The state Energy Master Plan says it believes it has a future, and we're constantly struggling with how do you nurture it in its infancy to bring about that hope for and successful future. So given some of the promises made by panel manufacturers and people who are prominent in the industry about how the cost curve continues to decline, I think, the Board really said, "Look, in light of the other investments we need to make, does it make sense to have a 5-year program where the regulated utility is a big participant. Let's look out 3 years and let's keep this going in those market segments, where the market clearly is shying away from, that being landfills and brownfields." So you have an investment rate on the settlement that matches the investment rate that was anticipated in the original program, but over a shorter time period. And that seems fair and reasonable to us. And I guess, the best demonstration that the settlement seems fair and reasonable is that the people who didn't sign on have 1 of 2 opinions, either the program is not big enough or the program is too big, which suggests that the Board and we -- and those who did sign on have had a reasonable compromise on it. So I do think you have a situation where we have an ongoing industry that people have confidence in and believe in, but has not achieved the kind of competitive level that it needs to from the point of view of price competition. And then, you have a recognition that given the changing weather patterns of the last 18 months, has really driven home 4 months after the Solar filing that something more needs to be done in terms of grid resiliency and then that has kind of dominated the regulatory landscape since the Solar filing was done.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you think this is just a prioritization of capital, so you don't think it's a reflection that there's more resistance to another meaningful but important CapEx program in the industry [ph]?
Ralph Izzo: No, I -- yes, I think that's correct. I think that there's just a recognition that you cannot have 3 to 4, and depending on how you count, weather events in the last 18 months knocking out millions of customers, and that's where capital needs to flow first and foremost. I do think, over the long term, and the long term is beyond 3 years, that you will see increased scrutiny to the level of subsidization needed to renewable technologies. I mean, that's just -- I think, it cannot continue in perpetuity.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess, changing topics. On Salem's better performance with the mechanical fixes, should we be thinking about you -- kind of a sustained higher utilization rate effectively for the nuclear fleet going forward with these fixes in place? Or is it just a bit of a seasonal benefit to workflow when the weather is cold?
Ralph Izzo: Well, so this -- it is a seasonal benefit insofar as this was the season when we had our biggest problems. The units, I think, are running, if you take out the last quarter, at 91.3% or thereabouts. If you just put in 18-month refueling outages that last 25 days, we may be having additional forced loss rate of anywhere from 1% to 3%. So I hope none of the folks at the nuclear fleet are listening to me say this, but I don't know how much harder I can push them. But we're constantly seeking they continuously improve. I just don't know how much more upside you can expect out of it. Is it -- the 101% capacity factor is a pretty darn good performance there.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to sort of follow back up on Energy Strong -- and it makes a lot of sense what you're saying in terms of the tracker and what have you. Just sort of wondering though, I mean, if -- you mentioned retroactive rate making, which I generally think of being not really legally possible in most jurisdictions. I mean, if for some reason, you were required to engage in a major CapEx program, let's say, outside of Energy Strong, is there some particular retroactive rate making risk or something we should be thinking about?
Ralph Izzo: No, no. So, Paul, I'm glad you asked that question because I used the word retroactive in the Merriam-Webster's dictionary sense of the word. You are seizing upon it in a term of art that is used in our industry whereby people go back and change rates that were previously approved. That's not what I'm talking about here. I'm talking about traditional rate setting where we would deploy hundreds of millions of dollars in capital. And after watching our returns collapse, we go in and seek rate increases subject to prudency review. And what we've said consistently is that PSE&G for the last 11 years in a row was the most reliable electric utility in the mid-Atlantic region, 5 out of the last 8 years is the most reliable in the country by 1 set of measures, and we cannot put forward a $4 billion capital program to take what is arguably one of the most, if not the most, reliable utility in the nation up to a higher level and then later on ask whether or not that was prudently incurred. These are extraordinary investments that we believe are necessary and our customers are demanding but we're going to get approval upfront for that, and we're going to understand the way, in which we are going to get compensated upfront for doing that. What I mean by we'll get paid upfront, that means we'll get paid over the next 40 and 50 years over the depreciable lives of the assets at a fair return. But we're not going to do it with the kind of regulatory lag that is typical of traditional rates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, just a follow-up on what -- I think you guys indicated that you hope to have a decision by the fourth quarter, is that the sort of the timeframe we should be thinking about when there might be an actual decision coming out of the commission?
Ralph Izzo: Well, yes. I said it -- I said 2 things. I said, number one, we don't have a schedule. And, number two, I said that we would be disappointed if we didn't have something by the end of the year. I mean, no one wants to have another major storm, whether it's this summer or next summer, and then have to answer the question, "What did you do about it, and the answer be, "Nothing."
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And just really quickly, the 2% decline in electric sales, is that got to do with leap year? And it just seems like there's a big difference between gas usage, weather adjusted and electric usage, is there some sort of strange thing happening there, or just any quick thought on that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. So -- sure, Paul. It's Caroline. No, it's nothing to do with leap year. We don't make any of those kinds of adjustments. I think what you see in the weather normalization, which as Ralph has always said, is more art than science. So it's not a terrific economy in the state right now. I mean, we struggle like many other states, so economic growth has been a little bit weak. And of course, there is some energy conservation underway. We think those are more of the driving factors, nothing related to calendar-like events. Nothing like that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So the fact that we had 1 day left this quarter did not lower -- the 2% takes that into account? In other words, without that, if you didn't have that – it takes into account the fact that we have 1 year less in this quarter, is that correct?
Caroline D. Dorsa: It takes a look at the total over the prior quarter. So whether there's any adjustment for that, I don't know. That's the minimus. I think the fundamental driving factors are some of the economic challenges in energy conservation, which is in fact what we've been saying in prior quarters. So this is really consistent with how we've talked about some of the weather normalization in prior quarters. But again, weather normalization is obviously a difficult thing to know with any certainty. But I would not attribute it to a leap day.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Levi of Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just on Energy Strong, just a couple of more questions on that. Could you maybe just discuss kind of where Governor Christie's position is on this given his desire to have lower energy prices in New Jersey? And then, just also, I guess, last week, there was a budget committee hearing at the assembly, where Chairman Hannah discussed Energy Strong and his concerns that, I guess, there would be an 8% increase. So I'm just trying to politically find out, kind of, what's going on.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Andy. So I -- obviously, I can't speak for the governor. What I can paraphrase, because I don't remember the exact words, were some of these early comments that were quoted in the press, which was "Clearly, we need to do something, but I am counting on the BPU to take a careful look at the cost and benefits associated with this." And that I think is as best a response as we can expect from a governor who's dealing with everything from pension reform to education reform to a whole host of other issues to trust this agency to do the work. With respect to President Hannah, I can't -- we're struggling a little bit to tie to the exact 8% number that he put out there. I'm sure there's a sound basis for it. But the confusion tends to stem from the fact that we had some charges rolling off the distribution bill over the next 3 years. And depending upon the customer class you fall into, those charges can be as low as 4% to as high as 14%. And the average residential bill would come down by about 8.7%, than they would be under the current bill. So if you do our program, you don't see that rolling off of the charge showing up in your bill. You see it being offset by the increase to our program. So we, of course, say your bill will be flat. Others say, "No, no, no. They're increasing your bill by 6% to 8% and then they're just going to chew up the discount. Well, That's true. But I'd rather use less derogatory terms and say that what we're trying to do is save 800,000 customers from losing power in another Sandy-like event. And this is the right time to do it. We've got an improvement in our credit rating. We're borrowing money at 30 years for 3.65%. We have labor available, and we have some charges from restructuring that are rolling off. So no one is saying things that are inaccurate. It's just you need to be careful about how you are rolling off of charges and the layering in of increases that would ever come from this program.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And so, we shouldn't be concerned that based on his testimony last week that the president may have some issues with Energy Strong?
Ralph Izzo: No, I think the president will give very, very careful scrutiny to the cost and benefits associated with what we're doing. And I've got a lot of confidence in our team proposing things that make sense to do. I don't -- again, I can't speak for President Hannah. I don't think you should conclude that he is doesn’t think anything needs to be done or that we should put capital at risk without knowing how we're going to get compensated for it.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wondered if you could just talk a little bit about the coal dynamics you see. You’ve used a number of different types of coals. Wondering if you're seeing any trends broadly in terms of coal pricing, types of coal that's being consumed, changes over time. Just curious what you're seeing on the coal side of things.
Ralph Izzo: So while Caroline digs out some of those numbers, Stephen, out, you forgot to mention, "Congratulations on the first quarter." But what we've seen generally speaking is that our fuel flexibility in terms of the Hudson and Mercer stations being able to switch has been a big plus for us right now. And we do tend to run them on gas whenever it's $5 or less. But when we've seen some of the spikes in prices that we saw in the first quarter, we did run on coal fairly extensively. I think, probably about half the time, those units ran on coal. But, Caroline, you may want to talk about it.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So -- yes, absolutely, Stephen. And just as Ralph said, so we did have the New Jersey coal units running on coal a little bit more than half the time. And in fact, the Mercer unit ran on coal almost all of the time. Hudson, a little less so, just as it was getting through some Sandy-related repairs. So we have seen the economics and the coal dynamics improve in terms of the ability to run coal, particularly as the prices moved up and gas prices moved up in the winter period. But as we said earlier, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still not at the point for gas prices where you're seeing our coal with all of the scrubbing that we have from the back-end technologies dispatch ahead of the gas-fired units. That would be more like gas prices of about $5.50 and we're not there, as you well know. But in those periods, where we've had an increased demand, higher near-term prices, higher near-term power prices, the coal units have dispatched and nicely in terms of dispatching on coal. Now of course, Bridgeport Harbor doesn't run on gas. It only runs on coal. And that was running, as we mentioned and as I think you saw in the attachment, that was running more as well. Also, keep in mind, of course, the Pennsylvania units only run on coal, and they were running well. In terms of the types of coal -- now this is news -- this is not news, these are things that I'm sure you know. Once we finished the back-end technologies at Hudson, it no longer had to run on Adaro coal, so it's running on tap [ph] coal, so that's cheaper. Bridgeport Harbor only runs on Adaro, as you know, that continues as we had always had it. Keep in mind, about 2 years ago, we changed that contract. So it no longer has volume requirements for us to build. And then, Mercer, after its back-end technology, still runs on net coal but a less expensive net coal than prior. So through our back-end technologies, we've reduced that really -- the kinds of coal in terms of cost that we need at those facilities, Bridgeport Harbor being the exception. And then, if these market dynamics have come back, we've been pleased to see those units run on coal. We're still very well hedged with coal in terms of what we have in inventory, but it's nice to see that coal being burned. So I think we're in a pretty good position, again, not yet for coal dispatching ahead of gas, but obviously our back-end technologies were done sooner than others, who may have to do that in the future as they make decisions about their units.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on LIPA. I'm just curious if there's any developments there, any evolution of your thinking regarding LIPA.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Stephen. So 90% of our efforts right now, in terms of personnel, are getting ready for the contract that goes into effect on January 1 of next year. However, we have been approached by the state to have a broader and more expanded role, and we are in conversations with them on what that might look like. But it would be premature to say anything more specific than that at this point.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Travis Miller of Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to keep going on the utility here. If we ignore the Energy Strong program and look at just core distribution, how are you thinking about -- or seeing the next distribution rate case on a base level? And particularly, as they’re recovering some of those Sandy costs.
Ralph Izzo: Oh, okay. So 2 different things there, Travis. In terms of base rate case, what we've said is that we don't see it in the next 3 years in terms of our kind of expectations for capital deployment and now projections of O&M increases and where demand is going. Now what the Board has initiated is a separate proceeding for all of the utilities, as they pertain to recovery of already incurred expenses associated with Irene and Sandy. And we've deferred about $242 million, I believe, which would be part of that proceeding. But we are in the very early stages of that generic proceeding at this point in time.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A follow-up on Stephen's question with, kind of, the coal costs and what it takes to switch back to coal. So you put out, I guess, a number of really neat $5.50 gas, and what's driving that? What are some of the levers that you can pull? Could you turn off some of the scrubbers or the back-end equipment to lower operating costs? Could you renegotiate some of the cap [ph] coal contracts? Is -- I mean, is $5.50 something that you think is the long-term price that we need to see switching, or could it come down?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So -- sure. So I think the fundamental way to think about this, Neel, is it can move around. But $5.50 and it's been that number for a while we've talked about as the cost where -- the gas price where we would see based on our units, the back-end technologies and their heat rate, they would dispatch ahead of combined cycle. Remember, that would be different depending on your region, but also different depending on your unit. And our units have the back-end technologies that have been in service for a while now. We can't run them without that. We -- that's our commitment, is we only really run the coal. We run the back-end technology. And they had incremental marginal costs that come with running the BET for the inputs that we use for scrubbing. So therefore, they’re marginally factored into the price. That's the fundamental thing that drives the differential. My comment earlier on something to keep in mind, if you think about that price, and it might sound different from other coal units in terms of what their cost would be relative to switching and dispatching ahead of gas. 2 factors to keep in mind: One, of course, every region is different. But also, we've completed all of our back-end technologies to be in compliance with the upcoming naturals and not every one else has done that. So think of us as a little bit sort of a bellwether of where economics for coal would move directionally, not perfectly, but directionally as others make the remediations that they might need.
Ralph Izzo: And, Neel, just to add, this may sound a little strange, so while we have limited flexibility on our variable costs, we have worked hard to manage our fixed cost. And I said that specifically the way I did even though one would normally not assume that the fixed can be variabilized and the variabilized can't -- have to stay fixed. And what we do is we basically take our plant personnel and move them to other outages, specifically in our nuclear fleets, when we see -- when we anticipate protracted periods of no operation at the coal units.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Great. As a follow-up on the utility, Ralph, you mentioned that you wouldn’t go through with Energy Strong without a tracker, how would you approach a compromise where you could possibly maybe go in for a base rate case, which, in this environment, could maybe lower your ROE and get approval for the spending in replacement of the tracker?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Neel, I'd rather not get into a telephonic negotiation with the BPU on what's the best way to implement Energy Strong. So I mean, I think we would be open to any kind of discussion that protected our investors, while we deliver the value that customers are begging us to deliver.
Operator: The next question is from Greg Gordon of ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Quick question. What's the schedule -- the comparable schedule or expected timeline at the FERC to get validation of your desire to spend more in storm hardening on transmission?
Ralph Izzo: So that would just be rolled into our annual formula rate treatment, Greg. That would not be any special rate case or any special event.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So you don't have to get a formal approval from any regulatory agency to decide to spend more?
Ralph Izzo: No. Remember most of that -- most, if not all, of that $1.5 billion was what we call kind of the business-as-usual or I forget -- the no-harm at PJM. So once PJM says, "Okay, if you think that makes sense, as that's not part of the RTEP, go ahead with it." Then we just file it on an annual basis in our formula rate treatment.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So PJM then is the critical path?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, but it's not the path that includes inclusion in RTEP. It's a different path. These are smaller projects, mostly internal to our service territory, and some less complicated type of analysis goes into it. Okay. So look, we -- hopefully, you realize that every day we strive to do better around here. But I've got to tell you, I couldn't be more proud of our employees and the leadership team, which right now is firing on all cylinders. Our plants are running better than ever. Our utility reliability remains best-in-class. We have the biggest capital program in our history underway. More keeps getting added through the Solar Loan, the Solar 4 All. I do believe we'll see more in Energy Strong. I know we're going to see more in transmission. All of the equity needs for these programs are internally funded. We're still telling you that, despite all of that, we have the opportunity for growth in our dividend. And at the end of the day, the rating agencies upgraded us for a very healthy balance sheet. So we're feeling pretty good around here. We'll work hard every day to feel even better and to do even more for you. But thanks for joining us on the call. Take care now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect. And thank you for participating.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Levi Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Kimiko, and I'm your operator today. I would like to welcome you to today's conference of Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, February 21, 2013, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on March 4, 2013. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Kimiko. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participating in our earnings call this morning. As you are aware, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings statements earlier today. And as mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 is expected to be filed shortly. We won't go through the entire disclaimer or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but we do ask that you read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, unless required by applicable securities laws. We also provide you with a commentary on the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance to help shareholders understand trends. I will now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Ralph Izzo: Nice try, Kathleen. Thank you, Kathleen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. Now before I review the earnings we reported earlier this morning, I want to recognize the extraordinary response by PSEG's employees to Superstorm sandy. This truly epic storm challenged us more than any other natural disaster in PSEG's 109-year history. Every aspect of our business was affected by the storm, electric and gas distribution, as well as transmission and power generation. We restored service to more than 2.1 million customers in a 2-week period of time. We reactivated generating facilities damaged by the storm surge and we repositioned our portfolio in response to the storm's impact on our facilities. We came through this unprecedented storm because our employees worked around the clock to restore service to our customers. We also owe a debt of gratitude to all the employees of utility companies from outside the state who helped us restore our system to working order. We take our commitment to serve the public very seriously, and our employees demonstrated that commitment in the aftermath of Sandy, even at great personal sacrifice. There is simply no better group of people to get the job done. A s we've disclosed previously, we estimate the cost of restoring service and getting back to normal operations at approximately $295 million of PSE&G. Today, we want to let you know that damage from Sandy could cost up to $300 million of PSEG Power. We incurred $85 million of this expense in the fourth quarter of 2012, the amount that PSEG Power will be spent over a 2-year period. The estimate of the storm's impact on our cost doesn't reflect any recovery from our insurance carriers, which we are pursuing. Superstorm Sandy has also caused us to review our investment program, to pursue measures targeted at fortifying our electric system and helping prevent a similar level of storm-related damage in the future. We have filed proposals with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities that would strengthen our infrastructure, provide us with better intelligence on system outages, enhanced communications with our customers and local stakeholders and improve on the already reliable service expected by our customers. Our plans call for an increase in our distribution capital program of up to $3.9 billion over the next 10 years, with an additional $1.5 billion targeted at our federally regulated transmission system to harden and improve the resiliency of the grid. We propose spending up to $2.8 billion of this $5.4 billion amount through 2017. The initial phase of the program entails spending on upgrades to our electric and gas distribution system and strengthening the backbone of our transmission infrastructure. We filed a proposal with the BPU yesterday, and let me remind you, the $3.9 billion is what was filed with the BPU, and the $1.5 billion related to transmission is separate and apart from that and is a FERC matter. In the meantime, we expect to hear from the BPU in the second quarter on our request to spend up to $883 million on the expansion of solar capacity in the state through our Solar Loan and Solar 4 All investment programs. We originally filed those with the BPU in July of 2012. We are working closely with the state to ensure our investment in solar meets their objectives. These programs together represent a potential investment of over $6 billion. Our commitment from PSE&G to help New Jersey rebuild from Sandy in ways that not only address immediate needs but provide lasting benefits to the customers and communities we serve. The programs will also provide substantial benefits to New Jersey's economy, with the creation of thousands of additional skilled jobs, and all of these investments can be supported without the need to issue additional equity. We view these programs as a natural extension of our strategies to maintain PSE&G as one of the nation's most reliable utilities and expect these programs to sustain the performance and growth of our regulated business. Now let me address our earnings. This morning, we reported operating earnings for 2012 of $2.44 per share. This is at the upper end of our guidance for the year and we managed to achieve these results despite a decline in hedged energy prices and the cost impacts of Superstorm Sandy. The results reflect the continued benefits from our employees' focus on operating excellence, the asset diversity and fuel flexibility of our generating fleet and the returns on our investment program. Excluding storm-related expenses, PSEG Power reduced its O&M year-over-year. We added 400 megawatts of new more efficient peaking capacity in New Jersey and Connecticut. We expanded Energy Holdings portfolio of operating solar projects to 5, which brought its capacity to 69 megawatts, and we received critical regulatory approval supporting the multibillion dollar investment we are making in our electric transmission system. We also continue to be advocates for a competitive wholesale power market and we work tirelessly in support of rules that maintain a level playing field for investment. We expect our operating earnings in 2013 to continue to benefit from the focus we have placed on operational excellence and disciplined investment. We are initiating operating earnings guidance for 2013 of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. Although guidance is in line with our forecast for '12, PSEG is truly at a transition point. The utility, PSE&G, has grown to represent a larger percentage of our consolidated earnings in 2012, and is expected to grow at a double-digit rate in 2013. PSEG Power has done an excellent job of reducing its cost in response to a decline in power prices and we have recently seen more stability in the power market. Power's actions place it in a position to take advantage of future improvements. Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. The Board of Directors recently approved an increase in the common stock dividend to an indicated annual rate of $1.44 per share. The decision represents the ninth increase in the dividend in the last 10 years, and we are in a position to support the opportunity for growth in our dividend as we finance our expanded capital program without the need to issue equity. All of these statements, and I'll repeat some of them, our earnings guidance, our dividend action and outlook, our capital program, our ability to finance without the need to issue equity, all of these are based upon the current forward price curve. We've come a long way over the past 4 years. We're building a sustainable platform that balances reliability, affordable customer rates and support for public policy to ensure growth at reasonable returns. And now I'll turn the call over to Caroline for more details on our results, and we'll be available to answer your questions at the close of the call.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.41 per share versus operating earnings of $0.47 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Our earnings for the fourth quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $2.44 per share versus operating earnings for 2011 of $2.74 per share. Our current results were at the upper end of our operating earnings guidance for the year of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. On Slide 4, we've provided you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. And as you can see on Slide 10, PSEG Power provided the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.24 per share compared to $0.27 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.15 per share compared to $0.19 per share last year, and Energy Holdings and parent together contributed $0.02 per share to operating earnings compared with operating earnings of $0.01 per share in the year-ago quarter. As always, we've provided you with waterfall charts on Slides 11 and 13 to take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year operating earnings by major business. Needless to say, Superstorm Sandy had a major impact on our operations in the fourth quarter and we'll highlight that impact across PSEG. Let me now review each company in more detail starting with Power. As shown on Slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.24 per share compared with $0.27 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year operating earnings to $1.27 per share. Power's fourth quarter operating earnings benefited from a strong control of operating expense, higher price for capacity and improved performance from the fossil fleet. PSEG Power's generation and maintenance facilities were affected in the quarter by the storm surge associated with Superstorm Sandy. Over the 2-year period following the October 2012 storm, the cost to restore Power's facilities is estimated at up to $300 million. This figure doesn't include any proceeds from insurance claims, which, as received, will offset this gross amount. Of this potential total amount, Power incurred $85 million in higher operating and maintenance expenses and recognized insurance proceeds of $19 million in the fourth quarter, which offset a portion of this cost. We are excluding these costs from the calculation of Power's operating earnings given the unusual nature of the storm and the effect on Power's operations. But you can see the net after-tax impact of $39 million or $0.08 per share, which reflects both the cost and the insurance recovery in the fourth quarter and you'll see that on Attachment 12 of the earnings release, where we show all the reconciling items from operating earnings to continuing operations. Please note that the insurance claims process is just underway, and this initial recovery is not indicative of any final settlement amount or final settlement percentage relative to the amount spent. Let's now turn to Power's operations. Operating earnings declined by $0.08 per share quarter-over-quarter as a result of lower realized prices for energy under contract, both through the BGS contract and other PJM West hedges. Average spot wholesale prices improved in the quarter relative to year-ago levels, leading to a small improvement in margin on volumes associated with customer migration relative to their impact last year. The impact on earnings from the decline in the average price per hedged energy was partially offset in the quarter by higher capacity prices. An increase in capacity prices on June 1, 2012, to $153 per megawatt day from $110 per megawatt day as the prior price improves Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings by $0.06 per share. And you'll recall, we spoke about this year-over-year increase last quarter as well. Taken together, the impact of higher capacity prices in the last 7 months of 2012 offset lower prices realized earlier in 2012 relative to 2011's capacity revenue, resulting in no change in earnings from capacity value on a year-over-year basis. Power undertook a series of actions throughout the year to control its operations and maintenance expense levels. A reduction in operations and maintenance expenses exclusive of the storm-related activity improved quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share, and for the year, that brings the total O&M reduction to $0.05 per share or 3.8% from last year's O&M levels. A premium paid on the early extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2012 increased Power's interest expense by $0.02 per share but didn't affect quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons, given a similar level of expense incurred for early extinguishment during the fourth quarter of 2011. Other items including the absence of a gain in the year-ago quarter from the sale of coal resulted in a net decrease in earnings of about $0.01 per share. A loss of generating capacity on a temporary basis in the quarter as a result of the storm resulted in a 4% decline in generation volume. The decline in generation reduced earnings quarter-over-quarter by $0.02 per share. However, Power was always able to meet all demand as the distribution system was restored. The nuclear fleet operated at a consistently strong capacity factor for the year of 91.1%. The impact of the storm on Salem's availability reduced the fleet's capacity factor by 0.3%. The fourth quarter refueling added to Salem 2 was delayed for 2 days to reduce the risk to employee safety during the storm. And Salem 1 was removed from service for 5 days to reduce the risk of damage from the storm surge on the unit's intake valves. Hope Creek's operations, however, were not affected by the storm and that unit operated at a capacity factor in excess of 99% in the quarter. Power's Linden gas-fired combined cycle generating facility suffered damage from the storm and the facility has since been returned to service. The decline in generation at Linden was partially offset by improved performance at the Bergen and Bethlehem, New York gas-fired combined cycle generating facilities, as well as an improvement in generation from Power's low-cost baseload coal-fired generating units. Slide 17 provides more detail on generation in the quarter and for the year. Power's forecasted output for 2013 of 53 to 55 terawatt hours is approximately 75% to 80% hedged at an average price of $50 per megawatt hour, which compares with an average hedged price in 2012 of about $60 per megawatt hour. For 2014, forecasted output of 53 to 55 terawatt hours is approximately 50% to 60% hedged at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. The results I just mentioned reflect the impact of the February 2013 auction for BGS in New Jersey. Average prices of $92 per megawatt hour in the latest BGS auction for the PSE&G zone will replace BGS auction prices of approximately $96 per megawatt hour for the 3-year period beginning on June 1st of 2013. As we noted in our release, this year's BGS auction price, while an increase from 2012's level, reflects increased costs for transmission, renewables, as well as energy. Our hedged data assumes volumes hedged at BGS prices represent about 22% of our forecasted volume in 2013 or approximately 12 terawatt hours. For 2014, we're assuming that volumes hedged at BGS prices represent approximately 10 terawatt hours, consistent with our earlier expectations. Although BGS has declined in importance as a means of hedging our volume, the real impact on Power from customer migration away from BGS relates, as it always has, to the differential between the average price for energy embedded in the BGS contract and the market price for energy, which moderated in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus last year. We expect our fuel mix in 2013 to be similar to 2012. Although strong wholesale prices have supported the operation of some of our intermediate load coal-fired generating units earlier in the year, the markets remain more supportive of operating our gas-fired combined cycle units, and we anticipate running our dual fuel intermediate coal units on gas, as well as coal. Power's operating earnings for 2013 are forecast at $535 million to $600 million. This excludes the impact for any cost related to the Sandy's -- the repair for Sandy, as well as associated insurance proceeds. These 2 items will continue to be reported below operating earnings and we'll do so on an actual basis. Now let's turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2012 of $0.15 per share compared with $0.19 per share for the fourth quarter of 2011, as we show on Slide 25. PSE&G's full year 2012 operating earnings were $528 million or $1.04 per share, exceeding 2011's operating earnings of $521 million or $1.03 per share. PSE&G's fourth quarter and full year results reflect the impact of Superstorm Sandy on operating expenses, which more than offset the return on increased levels of capital investment. We estimate the cost of restoring PSE&G's system in the wake of Superstorm Sandy amounted to approximately $295 million. Of this amount, approximately 14% or $40 million, $0.05 a share, was expensed and is included in 2012's fourth quarter and full year operating earnings. Note that unlike for Power, we're not carving storm costs out of PSE&G, as storms regularly impact the utility. The cost of storm restoration in 2012 was greater than the storm-related cost PSE&G incurred in the prior year related to the October 2011 snowstorm and reduced earnings quarter-over-quarter by $0.04 per share. A known increase in other operating expenses, primarily pension, reduced earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share quarter-over-quarter. PSE&G's earnings continue to benefit from an increase in transmission revenue. Earnings improved by $0.02 per share quarter-over-quarter as a result of the annualized increase in transmission revenue effective throughout 2012. Earnings also benefited from weather, which was colder than conditions experienced in the year-ago quarter and favorable weather -- that comparison added about $0.02 per share to earnings. Other factors, including depreciation and taxes, reduced earnings by $0.02 per share in the quarter. Most significant event in the quarter, however, was Superstorm Sandy. Widespread outages resulted in a loss of about 3.4% of October customer hours, and about 5.4% of November customer hours. On a weather-normalized basis, not accounting for the impact of Sandy, it's estimated that electric sales declined by about 1.6% in the fourth quarter, which resulted in a year-over-year decline in weather-normalized electric sales of 0.6%. Weather-normalized sales to the residential class actually increased by 3.2% from the fourth quarter of 2011 that had extremely warm weather, as you may recall, that resulted in a significant drop in heating load. For the year, residential sales were 1.3% higher than 2011 on a weather-normalized basis. Commercial and industrial sales, however, declined by 3.7% on a weather-normalized basis in the fourth quarter, and 1.4% for the year. These estimates are not adjusted for the impact of Superstorm Sandy on sales, and we estimate if not for the storm, weather-normalized sales for the year would have been relatively unchanged overall versus 2011. PSE&G's operating earnings for 2013 are forecast at $580 million to $635 million. Operating results will be influenced by higher transmission revenues on a higher level of investment. Recall increased transmission revenues of $174 million are in effect as of January 1 of this year compared to last year's increase of $94 million. The increase in transmission revenue provides for the recovery of O&M and capital on our investment to support earning our authorized return. In addition, PSE&G's control of operating and maintenance expense should be aided by a forecast decline in 2013's pension expense, which I'll mention again in a few moments. Now let's turn to PSEG Energy Holdings and parent. Energy Holdings and parent combined reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $10 million or $0.02 per share, compared to operating earnings of $4 million, $0.01 per share for the fourth quarter of 2011. The results for the fourth quarter brought Energy Holdings parent full year 2012 operating earnings to $64 million or $0.13 per share compared with 2011's operating earnings of $23 million or $0.04 per share. The fourth quarter results for Energy Holdings and the parent were aided by the startup and recognition of investment tax credit benefits on our 2 -- on our new investments in 2 solar projects at Milford and Queen Creek, which added 40 megawatts of solar capacity to Energy Holdings' portfolio. At the end of 2012, Energy Holdings had a gross investment of approximately $240 million, and a total of 69 megawatts of solar capacity. The portfolio is expected to grow in 2013 with an investment of approximately $50 million and a 19 megawatt solar project in Arizona scheduled for commercial operation during the second half of this year. We're forecasting operating earnings in 2013 for PSEG Energy Holdings and parent of $25 million to $35 million, and these results will be affected by the absence of tax benefits received in 2012 related to the settlement of both LILO/SILO, which, as you recall, is fully settled, as well as the closure of audit years fully through 2006. Now just a word on pension. We contributed $224 million to our pension trust in 2012, and $1.4 billion in the aggregate for the 4 years ended 2012. These pension contributions, as well as double-digit returns on our pension trust during 2012, more than offset the impact on pension expense for 2013, from an 80 basis point decline in the discount rate to 4.2% for 2013. As a result, we're forecasting a slight year-over-year decline in pension and OPEB expense, which helps to mitigate the impact of other cost pressures on operations and maintenance expense. PSEG closed the year with $379 million of cash on the balance sheet and debt represented approximately 41% of consolidated capital. After the early redemption of $250 million of senior notes at Power in December, debt represented 30% of Power's capitalization at yearend. So our balance sheet and strong credit metrics support our plans for capital spending and dividend distribution without the need to issue equity. As Ralph indicated, we are guiding to operating earnings for 2013 of $2.25 to $2.50 per share, and we'll provide more detail on our outlook at our annual financial conference on March 1. With that, that finishes my remarks, and we'll now turn it over to the operator to introduce your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Travis Miller of Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to get more into the dividend policy, where you think that dividend is going. When you think of, given the CapEx spend and such, do you think you could grow the dividend in line with earnings? Do you think about it in line with corporate earnings and in line with utility earnings? Give us a sense of that growth.
Ralph Izzo: Travis, thanks for your question. What we've consistently said to folks is we don't have a dividend growth rate target, we don't have a payout ratio target. Both of those are items we consider, as well as the relative cash being generated by the businesses and the cash requirements of the businesses. So we summarize it by saying that we do believe we have an opportunity for modest growth in the dividend, consistent with what we see right now in terms of the cash generation and needs of the business, but we don't get numerical or quantitative on it. I mean, we've grown it, 9 or the last 10 years, it's been about a compound annual growth rate of 3%. We've paid it annually for over 100 years, so we try to give you comfort about it without giving you a specific, here's the growth rate.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the second question, on the BGS auction, particularly looking at that incremental $53 a megawatt hour, you signed all those extra elements, how did that correspond with your expectations? And obviously, the capacity revenues were set. But if you take out that, how did that incremental part line up with your expectations?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Travis. So it really lined up relatively well with our expectations. Because if you think about it, and I know we've talked about this, and Kathleen spoke with folks earlier about this after BGS results came out, the 2 pieces that we pointed to as growing in that green section were the green energy component, right? The renewables. And also transmission. And so transmission wasn't a surprise to us because it really reflects the inclusion in cost for the BGS contract from the significant transmission work that's underway at PSE&G, which we've been talking about, right? So the significant transmission work that's been underway in PSE&G for some time, as well as the ongoing program for increased transmission spend, that is part of the base we've been talking about for a while, it finds its way into those numbers, because obviously, every BGS provider has to fully support the full transmission build out. So that wasn't really a surprise to us. Don't forget, of course, the other thing that increased slightly from the 2012 level was energy based on the PJM Westford energy price. So these results were relatively consistent with our expectations, and the way we think about this is really what you're seeing now is stability in BGS as the PJM West prices have been stable on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: And your next question is from Dan Eggers, and he is at Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you mind talking a little bit about the big transmission -- or the big CapEx program you announced yesterday as far as what is the approval process to line up investment both on the distribution side and on the transmission side and maybe a timeline of when you think you'd get approvals to start making those investments?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Dan. So on the distribution side, if you think of these the same way we thought about what we used to call our CIP programs, our capital infrastructure programs, so there is no time requirement for the BPU to act. These are clause recovery mechanisms that we're proposing. And the pace of review and approval is really directly proportional to the importance that the BPU ascribes to storm readiness. So we expect the BPU to fully scrub the numbers and go through and think about cost benefit. I think they'll trust our judgment in terms of what the priorities are and which substation is the most critical and which switching stations are most critical. But it really is a question for them in terms of what pace of action they want to see occur. I mean, we are a reliable utility. This is not needed for day-to-day reliability. This is to respond to enhanced extreme weather and enhanced reliance on electricity on the part of customer lifestyles. Transmission is a wholly separate story. Those are supplemental projects that come out of our analysis of RTEP. And while PJM can reject those, we don't need to wait for them to be included in the RTEP, and you can be assured that we've scrubbed those pretty tightly and we'll put them into formula rates as the work begins. And let me remind you that, that $1.5 billion is above what we've already announced previously for transmission. So PJM will conduct their no-harm review, and that will just then go into formula retreatment.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just to make sure I understand on the distribution side. So do you have to get approval to get treatment for these under the capital writer that you've had in the past or is that something that you guys think you can just implement now?
Ralph Izzo: No, we would only do these under a capital writer program. What we proposed is one that's identical to what we had and what we call CIP 1. And CIP 2, that was different writer and that was obviously acceptable to us then, it would be acceptable to us now. And we want to be flexible in talking with the staff and the BPU about what the recovery mechanism is, but we are not going to make these investments under traditional regulatory lag programs.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess from a spending perspective, as you scale in, a lot of that money is kind of in the next 3 or 4 years, should we assume that not a lot in '13 and have it ramp up in '14 and '15 or is it something you guys are going to get into at the Analyst Day?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. We'll get into more details at the Analyst Commerce, but yes, what you said is accurate, you should not assume a lot of that in '13.
Operator: And your next question is from Andy Levi of Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Just 2 very quick questions. Just to clarify on the BGS auction, so the net margin increase, is that about $2, is that kind of a way to look at looking at your chart that kind of hits the bottom line?
Ralph Izzo: We never disclose that number, Andy, sorry. That's been a pretty consistent policy of ours.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And also then, just on the new CapEx program, could you just reconcile for me -- I guess there are not going to be rate increases for this?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so...
Andrew Levi: But just explain, I guess, obviously, there's an increased expense, so there must be some type of rate increase, but what does it offset by, to get your net 0?
Ralph Izzo: You got that right, Andy, right. So the bill consists of numerous rate components. And even a sophisticated audience such as this will be surprised as how many components there are in a rate, which is a way of me saying please don't ask me to list them all because I probably won't remember all components there on the rates. So obviously, the distribution component of rates will go up as a result of this. One cannot invest this amount of money and get a fair return without those increasing. But it will be offset by declines in several components. And the BGS, as Caroline reported, were it not for transmission, would have been down probably, I don't know, $6 or $8, I think, is the exact amount. So there, you see an example of exactly the strategy we've been following, which is as wholesale supply costs come down, this is the time to make needed infrastructure investments and keep the bill essentially flat. And as we look forward, there are a couple of elements of the market transition charges that were put in place in 2000 that will come off. That add up to about 6% of the bill, and that will happen at the end of '13, and at the end of '15. So those declines will be offset by the increase in the distribution rate. So what we hear when we talk to our customers, and we talk to them a lot, is don't confuse me with rates, tell me what's going to happen to my bill. So we're not suggesting that rates aren't going to change. Obviously, rates will change, but the net effect is that if you assume continued flat BGS rates per the forward price curve, that customers' bills will be the same in 5 years as they are today, and customers' bills are substantially 30% to 35% below what they were on the gas side, and a few percent below what they were on the electric side from 2008. And if you were to -- if you would do something that just take CPI, it escalate either today's bill or the 2008's bill, in real terms, customers' bills will be far below. So yes, you're right. One element of the bill, one rate component of the bill will go up to pay for investments, but it will be offset by other pieces coming down.
Andrew Levi: How much is the stranded cost portion?
Ralph Izzo: I think it's about -- we'll detail it for you on March 1. I think it's about 6%, 4% to 6%.
Andrew Levi: Which is, in millions of dollars, do you have that?
Ralph Izzo: Oh gosh, no I don't. But I'm being told it's 6.6%, but I don't have it. I really didn't know. We'll give you the details at March 1.
Andrew Levi: So on the distribution side, what would be the percent increase that you're proposing?
Ralph Izzo: I don't know either.
Andrew Levi: Yes. I guess, going to wait to see the file. Well, I guess, you made the filing but...
Ralph Izzo: We made the filing, yes. We've been swimming in customer bill questions, because that's what our customers are most concerned about and that's what we want to make sure we're attentive to. So the incremental components, we can give you more detail later.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So bottom line is the PSE&G Power will offset the distribution rate increase, I guess, is what you're saying?
Ralph Izzo: That's -- I mean, at a high level, it's true, plus some regulatory explorations, all right?
Andrew Levi: Right. The stranded cost? Right.
Ralph Izzo: We've been pretty consistent and upfront with policymakers and everyone about that, that the decline in natural gas prices and the result which directly affects the gas billing, the result in decline in electric prices, combined with the low interest rate environment, the availability of labor and the pressing need for the infrastructure investments makes this a perfect time to do.
Operator: And your next question is from Paul Fremont of Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess my first question is can you give us an update on what you're expecting to happen with LIPA and the status of your contract? And if it were put up for sale, would you have an interest in it?
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, so we are busily approaching January 1, 2014, per the terms and conditions of that contract, which gives us the authority and the responsibility to manage those distribution and transmission assets. So we are focused on exactly what we're focused on pre-Sandy, post-Sandy and everywhere in between per in terms and conditions of the contract. So we're assuming on January 1, we have those responsibilities. In terms of whether or not we will be interested, we never comment on any asset acquisition or company acquisition. So I just...
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you update us on what level of customer migration was at the end of the fourth quarter? And also, can you give us a sense of what would be your expected insurance recovery for the $300 million of spending at PEG Power?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Paul. It's Caroline. So relative to customer migration at the end of the year, you may recall at the beginning of the year, we gave an estimate of between 36% to 40% migration by the end of the year. And we don't have the December data at this point. It usually comes about a month from now, because everything's on a bit of a lag. But our best estimates are that we ended the year right about the high end of that range, but right come smack at the edge of the range. So that's really consistent with our expectations. The other point that I made on my remarks about the year-over-year impact is actually an important point relative to how to think about the ongoing impact of migration, and that is about the headroom. So year-over-year, in the fourth quarter, migration was actually a net positive, and that's because in 2011's fourth quarter, we saw headroom expand significantly from what it had been earlier in 2011. And by the end of 2012, that headroom had come down significantly, really, it was coming down during the year. Now to what we see, and you have to calculate your own, but what we see is a single-digit number. So that's important because it goes to a way to think about migration in the upcoming year. As to headroom, if it stays to be a single-digit like number and you saw some -- the prices embedded in the most recent BGS clear, that means the impact of migration, as we've always talked about, becomes a smaller and smaller impact to our margin, because the real impact is that difference or that headroom. So we're not forecasting a specific migration level as we come into the upcoming years. I think you've heard on my remarks what we're really forecasting is terawatt hours for BGS. So 12 ranging down to 10 terawatt hours for BGS this year and next year, but again, with a smaller headroom, it becomes less of an impact as to what you would previously have thought about the impact for BGS would be when we started having migration. So that's really the migration story. In terms of insurance, no, we can't estimate any proceeds at this point. As we said, we'll report them to you on an actual basis. We're in the process of pursuing that claim. What I can tell you, just in a general way, is keep in mind that we believe a large portion, a very large portion of the numbers that we're talking about for Power qualify for coverage. Beyond that, I can't speculate. On the utility, we pursue -- that coverage is applicable on those pieces that would not be eligible for coverage. Obviously, those are things that are deferred for potential recovery for the BPU process. But we'll report that on an actual basis. I just reinforced not to draw any conclusions about amount or any conclusions about proportion of recoverability from the fact that in the fourth quarter, we spent the 85 and the recovery was 19. We're really, at the beginning of the process, not in any way that you should take any kind of linear extrapolation from.
Ralph Izzo: Paul, I guess, I just want to add one thing on LIPA. Obviously, should the contract not take place for whatever reasons, some change in direction, all of the cost that we're incurring this year are recovered from LIPA. And they've been a good payer and a good partner throughout this process. So there's no financial risk there to us.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And quickly, the utility, what type of electric demand growth are you expecting for '13?
Ralph Izzo: So we'll give you those numbers in a second. But be mindful of the fact that my usual speech about weather normalization becoming more of an art than a science has to be multiplied by a factor of 10 with an event like Sandy. But Caroline, do you have those numbers?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. When you think about demand growth, we typically stay relatively close to the forecast that you see from PJM. So pretty modest demand growth is what we're assuming over the multi-year period. PJM's most recent documents, as you probably saw, had demand growth of about 0.8%. And so we tend to use figures around that range, so relatively modest demand growth taken in the aggregate.
Operator: And your next question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I have a question on holdings, the $25 million to $35 million in operating income guidance for '13. I'm trying to understand what's really driving that. Is that a solar tax credit? And is the $25 million to $35 million earnings, is that something that we can apply going forward or is that more lumpy when you get projects in the Q?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So it's a good question, Neel. I would say, from an ongoing basis, it is a little bit lumpy because when you put a solar facility into place, you have a onetime benefit that is a portion, it's not the entire ITC. It's just a portion of the ITC based on how the tax rules work. The remainder of the ITC rolls out over the life of the asset. But there's a little bit of a bump of a benefit there. In addition, the remaining things in holdings that we have are assets, like we have a generating plant in Hawaii for example, those ongoing earnings flow in and also anything that happens on a short-term basis on interest from parent would be in there as well. We have some swaps in there also. So I'd say you should assume last year's level of course was never something you could extrapolate from because we have the audit settlements. The current year level has a little bit of bumpiness for solar, so if you're thinking about it on a longer-term basis, you should have some level of value there but probably not the level that we're forecasting this year until we get to a new solar installation, in which case, we would give you that information on an ongoing basis.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second question. Ralph, on the PJM planning parameters, PS Zone seemed a little tight. Can you just talk about some of the changes year-over-year that would drive that? Would it be just some of the head retirements and less incremental transmission, just what are your thoughts on that?
Ralph Izzo: So it wouldn't be less incremental to transmission but it would be the head retirements, that's right. We typically don't get much further than that in terms of the disclosure, especially with RPM being just 2.5 months away now.
Operator: And your next question is from Jonathan Arnold.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question -- I hope you didn't just answer this, but if you did, just say, I was caught away for a second. Does the investment in storm hardening, in any way, changed the sort of likely pace of -- or enthusiasm for some of the incremental solar investments that you were talking about, say last quarter and/or the gas infrastructure upgrades or should we see it as sort of simultaneous and incremental?
Ralph Izzo: So Jonathan, thanks for the question. So there's no linkage between the solar and the hardening other than the obvious linkage being the customers' ability to pay. But my flat rates comment included the solar component. The gas firing that we had anticipated making has now been superseded by this infrastructure filing. We had originally thought that we would do a gas filing of about $250 million to $300 million per year, and it's turned into this $1.04 billion component of the storm filing that we just made.
Operator: Next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just, I guess, I'm a little bit slow on this, I apologize. But just the incremental amount of CapEx that we should be seeing, I guess, beginning in 2014 versus your previous planning, how should we think about the increase in CapEx because of this program that you're mentioning? You just mentioned the gas thing, and I just wasn't clear.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, and it's understandable, Paul, because what we're basically saying is we're going to give you -- we have the details of that, but it just -- it doesn't lend itself to a phone call conversation. So we'll give you details from '13 to '17, by electric, by gas, by transmission, and that will all become much clearer on March 1. It exists. I'm not saying it doesn't exist, it's just doing that by phone is at least 3 by 5 matrix, and it's just -- it's not pretty, so...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. So we have something to look forward to. And then just the weather-adjusted sales growth, really quickly, the quarter just seems a little bit odd. I mean, it seemed like it was diametrically different for -- on a weather-adjusted basis for residential versus commercial and industrial. I mean, it may seem like big, big differences, I mean, 3.2%-plus for residential if I read that correctly, and minus 3.7%, and you guys associate part of that, with the economic impact associated with Sandy, but it wasn't Sandy itself. Just any sense as to why there's such a big difference between the 2?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. So I think, Paul, one thing to keep in mind is when we did the weather normalization, right, we are not normalizing for Sandy, right? Because weather normalization is essentially temperature, right? Sandy wasn't temperature, right? Sandy was something completely different in storm surge and outage and all of that. So you have a little bit of a differential in terms of seeing, as you point out, between commercial, industrial and the residential. So you just got to think about it as Sandy really changed a lot of things that really changed that dynamic. But keep in mind that if you kind of look at the year-to-date, you do see a pattern that is of the same direction, right? So the residential was a little bit higher on a full year basis and commercial and industrial were a little bit lower. The fourth quarter is really a distortion for the magnitude given what happened with Sandy. But the year-to-date, you're still seeing a little bit of growth in residential, and you're seeing a little bit of decline in commercial and industrial. We've kind of seen that pattern for a bit.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So Sandy messes everything up kind of thing?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, for the quarter, I wouldn't do any kind of extrapolation because, really, it's hard to pull Sandy out of all that. We think, without Sandy, it would've been more like a neutral picture for the fourth quarter. But as Ralph says, weather normalizations is an art, and probably Sandy normalizations is a double art.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first, to go back and clarify the holdings component for '13, if you would've think about a couple pennies or so from this Arizona solar project, is the bulk of the remainder there, call it the $0.04 in earnings, going to be sort of an ongoing element, is that what you were meaning to say earlier?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, I didn't give any specific numbers, right, for the amount from the solar ITC, kind of onetime effect from that permanent difference calculation for both relative to how to think about kind of ongoing. Yes, I mean, we do have ongoing benefits from our assets and they do flow through. But I would just caution about drawing too many conclusions on exactly how to forecast beyond the current year, because, of course, we don't give guidance beyond the current year. But you should assume that there are a few cents in there for the ongoing performance of our assets. That is the right assumption. We have assets that are performing well. But the solar, as it is for every company, right, creates onetime events that relate to the recognition of a portion of the ITC.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But to be clear, the single item that you've called out for next year is this Arizona solar project, right?
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, in terms of ITC for a project coming into service, that's a onetime event, right? So remember, in the ITC, if -- you may not be familiar, right, in the ITC recognition, there is a onetime permanent tax benefit that comes from the implementation of the ITC where you get the ITC, you recognize it over the life of the asset, but you don't take down the tax basis for the full amount of the ITC. It's that permanent difference that gets recognized on a onetime basis. The rest of the time, the ITC flows out over the earnings on an ongoing basis.
Ralph Izzo: But just to correct, we're not saying that one project is the bulk of the $25 to $39 [indiscernible] at all.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, it's just one unusual item that you wouldn't want to forecast from.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. Great. Second question. When it comes to -- perhaps a clarification, when it comes to this filing you've made yesterday, how does that contrast against some of the pending bills out there at the legislature, contemplating similar infrastructure build outs?
Ralph Izzo: The bills in the legislature really have 2 components to them. One component is a change in the penalty schedule for utilities underperforming which we have expressed support for, because we have a lot of confidence in their ability to operate. Well, what we said to folks is, look, if you're going to increase the penalties, please improve the tools that the BPU has available to it to establish rates that facilitate investments that will help us perform at the level you want us to perform. Now there's some debate as to whether or not the BPU already has that authority, but we're of the opinion, "better safe than sorry." So why not make it an explicit option at their disposal.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Your proposal thus far, though, is not tied to any kind of pending legislation though, right? This is completely independent?
Ralph Izzo: That's correct. Surely, it is not.
Operator: And your next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just actually 2 items, a little bit unrelated, my apologies. First, on the Solar 4 All, what's the timeline for getting approval for that, and the capital spend kind of on an annualized basis?
Ralph Izzo: So the timeline has been stretched to May 1, Michael. The Board staff with Sandy has just been incredibly busy. So there's a period of cooperation, we set the 180-day requirement, something that we're more than willing to live with, even relax. So May 1 is the new date. And that's all for components, $690 million over roughly a 5-year period.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And second item, on O&M, when you think about the O&M that's in ongoing earnings for 2012, so backing out the Sandy impact at PEG Power, can you just -- what's in your guidance for 2013, just all-in for year-over-year O&M growth?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Michael, it's Caroline. So we haven't given the overall O&M growth. So I mentioned pension only because that's quite a swing factor that obviously garners a lot of attention and we've given a lot of attention in the past. As you know, we did pull Sandy out of O&M for Power on an as-reported 2012 basis. We will do that for 2013 as well. And we'll give you the O&M forecast, as we typically do, on a kind of 3-year CAGR basis. We'll give you that for the company as a whole, as well as power utility kind of broken out in 2 pieces on March 1, again, in context, the same way we give you the capital expenditures for an ongoing 3-year basis as well. We haven't given that on this call. We'll give that on March 1 as well.
Operator: And your next question is from Brian Chin of Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you -- I know that you said that you based the guidance on the current forward curves. But given that volatility, can you just be a little bit more specific? Are you talking about the current curves in the last week or 2? Are we talking the current curves maybe a month ago? Just a little bit more specificity there would be helpful.
Ralph Izzo: So Brian, actually the curves have been pretty steady for quite a few quarters now. So I'm a little bit at a loss. I mean, we do refresh our detailed plans on a fairly regular basis. I'm sure the finance team thinks I'm saying that we do it too often, but I mean, I'm just looking at a chart right now that looks like a very small modulating sine wave for the past 9 months. So the day-to-day volatility due to basis differentials or weather spikes, I mean, that's something that ER&T managers on a day-to-day basis, and we don't do our business planning or financial planning on that basis. So I guess, I'm politely disagreeing that we've seen pretty stable prices. And given our hedging, we're even more comfortable with our numbers.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Well, I mean, we can disagree about what is a volatile level of power price movement. But can you give at least a rough timeframe on which you set your forward curves? Was it -- when you say current, is that in the last few weeks, last month, last -- just to give us some sense there?
Ralph Izzo: So the last time we did a full run of the business plan was January -- December 31, 2012.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then lastly, the $1.5 billion in transmission line spending, when is that going to go through the PJM approval process? Can you give us a sense of the timeframe there?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, this one is a little bit stranger, Brian. It's not a PJM approval process. It's a PJM veto process, so to speak. They come up with an RTEP. We look at RTEP and say, oh, if we're going to do that, we have to do this, this, and these other few things, these supplemental projects. They tend to be of a lower voltage, but still transmission voltage. And then at the staff level, there's no major project that comes out of that as they make sure that there's no harm to the RTEP. And in fact, what we're doing is consistent. If that all works the way it always works, we will start spending in 2014.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So I guess the argument then would be given the veto process by which this proposed spending has to go through at PJM level, it's unlikely that this new proposal is going to change any of the RPM parameters ahead of this auction, it will probably show up in whatever parameters are put out in the next [indiscernible]
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that's correct. I didn't realize That's where you were going, yes. That is an accurate statement.
Operator: You may turn over for closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: So we've had quite a few of these calls together. So by now, I'm sure you're a little bit tired of hearing the pride I take on our operational excellence, I'll have a slightly different emphasis right now, and that is that we work quite hard and take an equal amount of pride in the financial strength we built for the company. And it's really with quite a bit of enthusiasm and optimism that we're proposing to put that balance sheet strength to work to benefit our customers and our shareholders alike. I'm delighted by your questions. I know we said a lot of we'll give you that on March 1, so I hope we see all of you next Friday and have a great week. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes our teleconference. You may now disconnect.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, operator. Thank you all.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc. Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Kamika, and I'm your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, November 1, 2012, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 p.m. Eastern Time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on November 15, 2012. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Kamika. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you participating in our earnings call this morning. We know it's not as easy for all of us to participate this morning. Operating conditions may not be optimal in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, and do appreciate you taking the time to listen to our call this morning. As you are aware, we released third quarter 2012 earnings statement earlier today. As mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website under the Investor section that would be www.pseg.com/investor. We also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. And our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2012, is expected to be filed shortly. We won't go through the full disclaimer. But as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to deviate a little bit from our usual approach to this quarterly call by briefly discussing Hurricane Sandy and then we'll go to the usual discussion that Caroline and I will walk you through. It does seem that every storm that hits our service territory nowadays has a particularly different set of challenges that come along with it. But I must tell you the one thing that's consistent in each of those storms is the willingness of our employees to respond to each and every challenge in ways that can be ascribed as nothing short of heroic. So at the risk of stating the obvious, you know our system was hit earlier this week by high winds, heavy rainfall. But probably the most significant damage we sustained was due to a tidal surge that was associated with Hurricane Sandy that hit the northern part of the territory and uniquely, did some damage to our transmission system, some of our switching stations which -- and then of course, obviously, the high winds damaged the distribution system throughout the service territory. Some of our generation infrastructure was affected in the northern part of New Jersey as well, but that is less of a story than what's happened from a customer point of view. We believe that about 1.7 million customers lost power at some point since this began on Monday. And right now, we have about 775,000 customers still without power. So we restored about 1 million and that just gives you a sense of the dedication that our employees have shown to this restoration effort. We've got an unprecedented amount of help from colleagues in the industry, and I cannot say enough good things about the help we're getting from Governor Christie and his administration, and recently, the President actually was willing to speak to a group of EEI CEOs and me personally about what he could do to help us out. So all hands on deck, and everyone is pitching in. But again, the Christie administration has just been incredible and unbelievable. We have told people that we think full restoration is going to take anywhere from 7 to 10 days. And hopefully -- not hopefully, I know from a fact that in the last 30 seconds that I've been speaking to you, we've restored some customers, but the tail is going to be long, and there are going to be some folks at the end of that tail that will unfortunately just need to exercise some patience in ways that we haven't had to ask them before in the past. Now it is too early for us obviously to give you an exact accounting of the costs. But I just want to give you some comparative numbers, so that you can get a sense for the issue here. Because the issue here is a customer issue, all right? Irene was $0.02 impact on O&M with $0.03 of deferred costs. And the snow storm last year was about $0.01 impact on O&M with $0.03 of deferred costs. Now this storm is different in 2 major ways. It's bigger. It's about twice the size of Irene from a customer out point of view. But it's got a lot more transmission outage, which is driving that customer count. And as you know, our transmission equipment is regulated by FERC, and we do think that we have the ability to recover those costs through our formula rate. What we're evaluating right now is whether or not we can modify our filing in October or do we need to true that up next year. On the distribution level, we've asked the BPU for their approval to defer the cost of this storm that has been their custom in the past, can't guarantee that for the future, but that has been their custom consistently. And I know I'm going to sound like a broken record, but I just can't say enough good things about we've been working with the administration throughout this event with the staff of the BPU, with senior officials with the commissioner's themselves. So everyone is committed to 100% -- 100% committed to the safe restoration of the power and making sure that we get the job done as quickly and as safely as possible. So we'll give you an update when we have more information. And there's something I will predict confidently for you is that historically, this is when PSE&G has shined like no other company. And I have no reason to believe that this is any different in that regard. So while we now break away back into the kind of usual earnings discussion, and then we will open to all kinds of questions at the end of the call though I'm a little disappointed in Kathleen, she promised me she would announce at the beginning of the call that if you live in New Jersey, we were not taking street address or specific complaints. So here we go, we did report third quarter call this morning of $0.75 a share, and that compares with operating earnings of $0.83 a share in 2011. So $0.75 this year versus $0.83 in 2011. So our financial results continued to be strong despite low power prices, and our results demonstrate the benefits of a generating fleet that has fuel diversity and operational flexibility and the growing importance of electric transmission to our earnings. And we still expect this year to end up between $2.25 and $2.50 a share. We're not moving off of that change. The results demonstrate the success of a strategy that serves both our customers and our shareholders as well. And the strategy is one that uses a very strong balance sheet to expand our customer-centered investments. It's a strategy that captures the opportunities available in our more stable regulated business, and it's a strategy that places the focus on improving the operating efficiency of our generating fleet. It's a strategy that's going to support double-digit compound annual growth in our regulated operating earnings from '11 through '14, and at the same time, provide long-lasting benefits to New Jersey's economy with the creation of jobs and critical improvements to the infrastructure and the addition of clean energy and support of the state's energy master plan. The value of our generating assets, it just continues to be demonstrated by the flexibility associated with having a low-cost, well-run nuclear baseload generating fleet, coupled with a large set of combined-cycle gas-fired generating assets in PJM and a very efficient fleet, all capable of responding to the market's demands. This flexibility has allowed us to take advantage of market opportunities as we remain diligent in managing our costs. The capacity factor of our nuclear fleet has improved on the strength of continued excellent performance at Hope Creek and improvements at Salem, which -- and Salem, in particular, performed at its second highest level ever this past summer. Our combined-cycle generating assets also operated at historically high levels in the third quarter. And 267 megawatts of new, more efficient generating capacity at Carney were available to meet this summer's peak demand as well. And some of that, you may recall, was originally scheduled to go into service in June of '13, so we actually got that in the year ahead of schedule. So as you know, a central element of our strategy over the past 4 years has been the decision to direct increased capital investment toward our regulated business. PSE&G's existing capital program reflects a commitment to invest $5.4 billion through 2014 to expand the state's energy infrastructure and improve reliability, with $3.5 billion of the total investment dedicated to the expansion of the high-voltage transmission system. The program is well underway. We received major regulatory approval this year for the construction of the 500kv Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line and the North Central Reliability line, even while we're pursuing the local approvals needed for the construction of the Northeast Grid line. These 3 lines alone represent 60% of our planned investment in transmission. And as I said, the regulatory approvals are well on hand. When we're done with this $3.5 billion program -- actually the continuation of it even beyond 2014, it positions us to be the second-largest owner of transmission in all of PJM. So PSE&G's planned $5.4 billion capital program does not include the recently filed request with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to invest up to an additional $883 million on new solar energy through our Solar Loan and Solar 4 All programs. We'll get greater clarity from the BPU on these programs in the first quarter. Sufficed to say, we haven't had very many conversations about this in the last 3 days. So the investment programs are critical to maintaining reliability. They support the clean energy goals of the state. And equally importantly, they support New Jersey's economy through the addition of new jobs. And as I said so many times before, but it bears repeating, these results would not be possible without the dedication of our employees who continue to find ways to respond to market conditions. Now you may recall, we started this year forecasting compound annual growth in our O&M of 2.9% through 2014, but we continue to find ways to outperform our expectations. For the 9 months ended September 30, Power's O&M has declined. This achievement would mean that Power has kept its O&M flat for the 4 consecutive years from 2008. Now we can't promise to maintain that level of spending, but we do promise to keep trying. These efforts to control our costs are further exemplified by the recent agreement to extend contracts for 4 years with 3 unions representing more than half of our employees. The agreements call for 7 3/4% increase in wages over the length of the contract -- the 4 years, as well as a onetime 1.5% lump-sum payment when the contract takes effect in May of '13. This extension assures predictability and stability of costs while maintaining competitive wages for our workers. It is also another important demonstration of the commitment of our employees for the success of this company. Many of them are shareholders, and all of them know that we have been and will continue to be a great place to work. Taken all together, we believe these efforts at mitigating costs are critical to preserving shareholder value in a period of low market prices. Now another important development falls into the category of getting the rules right. It's actually imperative to ensure level playing field within a competitive marketplace that we get the rules that govern the marketplace in the right order. PSEG is part of a diverse stakeholder group, supportive of the efforts underway at PJM to change the minimum offer price rule underlying the capacity markets. We believe the proposed changes, if approved, will help mitigate against market manipulation by subsidized participants. And we would expect to propose changes to be effective in time for the May of 2013 capacity auction. We are operating with the expectations that power prices will remain well below recent history, but on average remain above the market lows seen earlier this year. Now I just want to explain what that means. We plan all of our operations based on a forward curve, and we run the business with those circumstances in mind. So what we see is what you see when you look at the current board market curves. Now we're focused on managing the downside risk in power markets through attention to cost control, improvements in operating efficiency and through our hedging activity. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet, and the maintenance of a strong balance sheet has been critical to our ability to finance our investment program without diluting shareholders. The complexion of PSEG's earnings is changing, with a change in power market dynamics, as well as the investment program underway in our regulated operations. This change is going to yield an increase in cash and earnings from our regulated business in support of our dividend objectives. Our commitment to meeting the needs of our employees and customers is unwavering, as we also seek to meet the needs of our shareholders for growth. So Carol, I'm going to turn to the call over to you, and you can discuss our operating results in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Great. Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. I'll review now our quarterly operating earnings, as well as the outlook for full year operating results by each subsidiary company. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2012 at $0.75 per share, versus operating earnings of $0.83 per share in last year's third quarter. So for the 9 months ended September 30, 2012, we reported operating earnings of $2.07 per share versus $2.25 per share last year. Slides 4 and 5 of our webcast deck provide a reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter and year-to-date. We've also provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 11 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 13 provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. So as usual, I'll now review each company in more detail starting with Power. As we show on Slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.43 per share compared to $0.51 per share a year ago, a net decline of $0.08 per share. Power's earnings were greatly aided by an increase in dispatch of the combined-cycle natural gas fleet and the continued strong contribution from the nuclear fleet, as Ralph mentioned. Power's earnings was reduced by $0.15 per share quarter-over-quarter due to a decline in energy prices. This decline in prices reflects the impact of lower prices under the basic generation services contract, or BGS, as well as lower wholesale prices. The contract price for 1/3 of the BGS-related load declined to $84 per megawatt hour on June 1 of this year from $104 per megawatt hour of the expiring contract. The impact on earnings from the decline in price incorporates the effect of customer migration away from the BGS contract. Customer energy migration of 37% during the quarter was less than expected, slightly less than the 38% level experienced in the second quarter, but remains consistent with our full year guidance for migration to represent between 36% and 40% of total BGS load. Wholesale prices remain below levels seen a year ago. However, pricing during the quarter was very responsive to heat, and the forward power curve generally increased through the quarter, in line with demand for electricity and the price of gas. The availability of the natural gas-fired combined-cycle fleet allowed PSEG Power to capture these prices. Output from Power's generating fleet increased 3% in the quarter from year-ago levels. This increase in output added $0.01 per share to earnings. Production from Power's combined-cycle natural gas fleet increased 17% in the quarter to represent 32% of total generation. This level of production represented the highest summer output ever achieved by the combined cycle fleet. The fleet's capacity factor improved to approximately 67% from 57% in the year-ago quarter. The PJM fossil fleet also benefited from the incremental dispatch of 267 megawatts of new, more efficient combustion turbines installed at the Carney site in June, as Ralph mentioned earlier. The improved dispatch from the combined cycle fleet and peaking fleet more than offset the decline in the dispatch of Power's coal-fired fleet, which continues to be affected by low gas prices relative to coal. When the New Jersey coal units, Hudson and Mercer, did run this summer, they ran on coal more than half of the time they were in operation. And the decision to operate these units on coal took into consideration the increase in the cost of gas throughout the summer, as well as the cost of not burning coal under contract. PSEG Power has renegotiated the terms of its coal contracts to more closely reflect the anticipated fuel burn at the stations over the next 2 years. Production from the nuclear fleet, which represents more than 50% of Power's generation increased 2% from the year-ago quarter. The fleet benefited from strong operations at the Salem station, which recorded its second-highest level of output during its operating life for a summer period. The good performance from Salem and continued excellent operations at Hope Creek lifted the nuclear fleet's average capacity factor in the quarter to 92% from 90.6% in the year-ago quarter. The performance in the quarter has resulted in a year-to-date capacity factor for the fleet of 92.5%. The scheduled refueling at Salem 2, which began in mid-October was interrupted by activity at the site in preparation for the hurricane. In addition, Salem 1 was taken out of service to reduce the impact of storm surge on its operations. Taking this into account, the fleet is expected to operate at a capacity factor of about 91%, taken for the full year. Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings also benefited from continued tight controls on expenses at the fossil station. A reduction in operation and maintenance expense improved earnings by $0.01 per share. And just to note, year-to-date, Power's O&M is better than year-ago levels by $0.03 per share, and we've talked about those savings earlier this year in prior quarters. An increase in the average capacity prices added $0.05 per share to earnings in the quarter. Recall that the weighted average price per capacity on our fleet increased to $153 per megawatt-day on June 1 of this year from $110 per megawatt-day, the expiring capacity price. The increase in capacity prices will be in place through May 31 of 2013. The benefit of Power's asset and fuel flexibility are illustrated on Slide 20, which provides information on Power's gross margins for the third quarter period of 2010 through 2012, as well as Slide 19, which details Power's cost of fuel for the quarter and year-to-date periods. Given market conditions, it's not a surprise that margins have declined. Power, however, has been able to offset a meaningful portion of the decrease in pricing through the increased utilization of its lower-cost, combined-cycle gas facilities. Maintaining these facilities to assure their availability is important to Power's ability to capture upside opportunity on a portion of its gas-fired generation. As shown on Slide 21, Power continues to forecast output for 2012 of 53 to 54 terawatt hours. Approximately 80% to 85% output for the remainder of the year is hedged at an average price of $54 per megawatt hour, resulting in an average hedge price for the year of $60 per megawatt hour. For 2013, Power has hedged approximately 60% to 65% of its forecast output of 52 to 54 terawatt hours at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. And for 2014, power has hedged approximately 30% to 35% of its forecast output of 53 to 55 terawatt hours at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. Power has actively managed its portfolio with an eye toward protecting base load generation from downside risk, while preserving upside opportunity on gas-fired generation as it remains open to peak prices. And just as a reminder, what is embedded in our average hedge price data are hedges done at PJM West, as well as all of our BGS-related hedges at the full requirements price less capacity. These figures are consistent with our view of BGS and hedging requirements going forward. We continue to forecast operating earnings for Power in 2012 of $575 million to $665 million. The year will be influenced by a decline in average realized energy prices. Capacity margin was lower on a relative basis in the first 6 months of the year, higher in the third quarter with the new capacity price and will be similarly higher on a relative basis in the fourth quarter, as that third quarter compare continues in the fourth quarter, resulting in, essentially, a flat full year capacity margin relative to prior year. Let's now turn to the PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2012 of $0.30 per share compared with $0.30 per share for the third quarter of 2011, as we show on Slide 25. PSE&G's results were affected by an increase in transmission revenue offset by O&M and weather relative to last year. An annualized increase in transmission revenue of $94 million effective on January 1 of this year increased revenue by $0.03 per share quarter-over-quarter. The weather experienced in the summer of 2012 was hotter than normal, but cooler on average than conditions experienced in the year-ago quarter. As a result of the less favorable weather comparisons, electric sales declined by 0.6% in the quarter. This decline in sales reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. We estimate that electric sales increased by 0.8% on a weather-normalized basis, but we did not see similar growth in peak demand. PSE&G experienced an increase in O&M expense which reduced earnings during the quarter by $0.02 per share. The increase reflects higher pension-related expense and the cost associated with the expansion of the transmission system, which more than offset the absence of storm-related expenses in the year-ago quarter. Depreciation expense also associated with the increase in the company's investment program, reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.01 a share, but the impact on earnings was offset by other miscellaneous items. And just a note for you, our increased investment in transmission added $0.02 per share to bottom line earnings quarter-over-quarter, after taking into account both the revenue that I just mentioned, as well as the cost of depreciation and operating expenses. PSE&G received major approvals required for construction of the Susquehanna-Roseland 500 kv transmission line from the National Park Service and the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection. The line is scheduled to enter service in mid-2015 at a capital cost to PSE&G of up to $790 million. S-R is the second major transmission line this year for which PSE&G has received all major approvals for construction. PSE&G filed its 2013 annual formula rate update with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, in October of 2012. The request would provide for an increase in annual transmission revenues of $174 million to be effective on January 1 of 2013. This request reflects the costs associated with an expansion in PSE&G's transmission-related investment over the next year. PSE&G's commitment to expand its investment in transmission will position it as the second-largest owner of transmission within PJM. PSE&G's request to increase spending by up to $883 million under its existing Solar 4 All and Solar Loan programs have been filed at the New Jersey BPU. The submittals have been deemed complete, and we anticipate decisions by the commission on these 2 requests during the first quarter of 2013. We continue to pursue additional investment opportunities at PSE&G in support of a clean, efficient and reliable network. PSE&G's results are consistent with our forecast of operating earnings for the full year of $530 million to $560 million. And as Ralph said, we anticipate that our efforts will result in double-digit compound annualized growth in PSE&G's operating earnings from 2011 through 2014. And this expectation is based solely on those programs for which we already have approval at the BPU, as well as the spend that is part of our $3.5 billion transmission program over the same period. Let me now turn to PSEG Energy Holdings and the enterprise. Energy Holdings, together with the parent, reported operating earnings of $0.02 per share for the third quarter of 2012 versus operating earnings of $0.02 per share during the third quarter of 2011. The results were in line with expectations and reflect the benefit of a decline in interest expense, offset by expected lower earnings on our lease portfolio. Energy Holding's $75 million investment in the 25-megawatt Queen Creek solar plant in Arizona has begun operation. Holdings also added to its solar portfolio with the recent $47 million acquisition of a 15-megawatt project in Delaware, which is supported through a 20-year power purchase agreement and is expected to enter service in the first quarter of 2013. Holdings liquidated its position in the Dynegy following the company's emerging from bankruptcy in October 1 of this year. On a pretax basis, Holdings has received $63 million as part of its claim in 2012. Of this amount, $49.9 million pretax will be recorded in the fourth quarter as part of our income from continuing operations but below the operating earnings line, as you may recall, we have done for all Dynegy-related impacts this year. Finally, on financing. Our capital position remains strong. We ended the quarter with $780 million of cash and debt at approximately 41% of capitalization. During the quarter, PSE&G issued $350 million of 30-year, medium-term notes at a cost of 3.65% to finance its continuing capital program. Power continues to generate significant operating cash flow given its low-cost position, while its capital needs remain modest. The balance sheet and cash flow are strong enough to support an increase in capital programs at PSE&G without any need to consider additional equity. So just to reiterate, as Ralph said earlier, we continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of 2012 of $2.25 to $2.50 per share and reaffirm our subsidiary guidance as well. We're focused on achieving growth through our investment in stable, regulated infrastructure that provides reasonable risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders and supports our local economy through job creation. We've been focused on these core fundamentals of operating in an environment of low power prices for several years, and our efforts have improved the operating efficiency of our fleet while reliability remains strong. Our investment program remains supported by our strong balance sheet, and we believe our actions place us in a strong position to meet the needs of our customers, employees and shareholders now and in the future. Of course, our primary focus in the next few days will be safely restoring our customers and ensuring our employees are safe. Over the long term, our solid financial performance rests on our employees' outstanding efforts to serve our customers well in both good and challenging times. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Kathleen A. Lally: Operator, we're ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Daniel Eggers.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Listen, I know it's inopportune given all the work that you're working right now to restore Sandy and the great dedicated effort of your employees. But can you talk a little more about how you expect to go about recovery of the costs? And maybe when you'd expect to have a reasonable expectation of costs to restore?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Dan. Thanks for your question. So just a reminder on the costs and deferrals. So in terms of thinking about the prior the storms, as Ralph mentioned, what we have done previously on Irene, $0.02 impact on O&M and $0.03 were deferred. The process, just to remind you in big picture, in terms of the total costs, in general, what we defer are those extraordinary or third-party costs above and beyond the normal salary of our employees. So our regular employees who are spending their time on storm work as opposed to other work, we don't defer that. But as we contract with a significant amount of incremental, mutual aid that we have received, those are the kinds of things that we defer in addition, overtime of our ongoing employees would be deferred for recovery. We then have filed letters with the BPU in the past, as you've probably seen, those are public record. And those are simply requesting that these storm costs remain deferred and be considered in an -- in any upcoming rate case. This doesn't change our perspective on upcoming rate case, of course. We are earning our authorized return and don't envision a rate case in the near term. But the deferral would therefore be something that would flow into a subsequent rate case. So that's the basic approach that we take for the Utility, and we've gotten storm recovery in prior rate cases as well. And we already filed for this storm. We filed a letter requesting that deferral for the next rate case already, prior to the storm starting. So that's basically how it works for the Utility. Of course, it's not the same for Power. I know Power, as Ralph mentioned, we have some issues for Power as well, but we're just assessing those right now. So for this storm, from the Utility side, same as you have seen us do with prior storms, a little bit comes through the O&M and some is deferred. In both of our prior storms, actually, more was deferred through the O&M because of the mutual aid, the overtime and the extraordinary costs.
Ralph Izzo: And then Carol, I'm sorry, we should also mention the transmission wrinkle to the storm.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Oh, yes. Exactly. And for the transmission, as Ralph mentioned, we expect we might have some costs there. They are recoverable under our formula rates. So you should know, we just made the formula rate filing, as I mentioned, for the incremental revenues going forward. We're currently evaluating whether that can be updated now or whether that comes into the true-up later in the year, but the process would be the same. We would like to recover incremental cost for transmission, just like we're doing for distribution.
Ralph Izzo: And, Dan, just to kind of bound this from a customer point of view, well, every dollar matters obviously, a $0.03 deferral is about $24 million in rates. And on an annual basis, our customers, depending on whether you include gas or just electricity, pay us $5 billion. So it's not a major issue in terms of customer impact. So with all, candidly, with all due respect to the importance of any financial consideration, right now, 100% of our focus is on the operations and getting things back.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just on the Irene, just to make sure I understood it from the press release, the Irene non -- not completed response in the commission. If actually there's not been a complete response because you haven't filed a rate case so they didn't have to respond to it? Is that the right way to think about that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. No. So the Irene costs that we deferred, that Ralph mentioned, the $0.03 that we deferred, the deferral we have a request for the BPU to continue that deferral. And it would be considered whenever we would file a subsequent rate case. There's no timing. There's no other action they have to take, acting upon that request. It simply rolls into whenever we file a subsequent rate case.
Operator: Next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: First of all, just were there any major plant damages with Power because of the storm?
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, we had some issues at some of our peakers at Essex and Carney and Sewaren. The combined cycle at Linden was also somewhat affected. We're still in the assessment phase. But right now, I would say that some of the older FT4 engines which, as you know, were HEDD devices, bore the brunt of. The nuclear units are fine. Salem 2 is back into its refueling outage. Salem 1, we just finished some inspections yesterday. They show no damage to turbines, the circ water screens are restored. And that looks like it's on schedule to come back very soon. I want to be careful. I haven't checked what we've posted on the PJM website. That's the only public disclosure I'm comfortable making. So I would say there's a little bit of work to do with some of the Northern New Jersey gas. Because the new Carney peakers, I'm pleased to say, are in good shape. There's been more damage to electrical equipment than any of the mechanical equipment, is the best summary. So nukes is fine. Electrical equipment has been affected in the northern part of the state. But we'll be reporting on that in real time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then with respect to the MOPR issue, I know that there's sort of -- it seems like an effort to get this done before the next auction. But I'm wondering, when there are efforts of course to stop this controversial stuff, but if it doesn't happen, I mean I'm just wondering, are there really any subsidized plants that we know of that -- or that you guys know of, that are likely to be influencing the next auction? Because as I understand it, this MOPR only applies to new stuff. It doesn't apply to stuff that's already been -- if I understand it correctly, you can correct me, but it only applies to stuff going forward as opposed to what happened last auction?
Ralph Izzo: So that's correct, Paul. But there is one plant that received the standard offer contract, as we refer to as the SOCR contract. And I think I can mention the company because it's public, the NRG plant, which did not clear the last auction, which does have a subsidized contract that just starts at $361 per megawatt-day, and then varies over the next 15 years. It dips down to $215 and goes back up to $260. But I don't think this was controversial what were you referring to.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: On that note, I guess I'm sort of wondering, I mean, considering that I've been listening to these MOPR stakeholder processes. And of course, there are objections coming from the BPU and from Maryland and what have you. And I'm just wondering whether or not, considering -- I mean, they seem to really like this idea of being able to at least build new gas plants or whatever. I'm just wondering, is there any thought of maybe coming up with sort of a settlement in which -- I don't know, sort of a new regulatory paradigm or anything so that -- maybe -- I just sort of wondered how this goes -- how they respond if they don't actually get -- if the MOPR is changed, how they'll -- I mean, is there any -- I guess, outside of the stakeholder process which seems to be -- it seems to be so contentious, I'm just wondering is there are any -- I know that obviously you guys are very busy right now with more important stuff with the hurricane and everything, but do you follow what I'm saying? Is there any thought of maybe just sort of...
Ralph Izzo: Sure. No, I understand you're saying, Paul. Settlement is to suggest that there is a negotiation among parties, as to its positions that can be reconciled. And so I guess, the stakeholder process that's underway is an attempt to alter the rules to create a more efficient process. So we are all united that we want an efficient market. But at the end of the day, what separates us is the firm belief on the part of the groups that are aligned with us that an efficient market does not entail subsidizing new entrants who provide the exact same technology as you to displace an incumbent. The way efficient markets work is that a new entrant comes up with a new technology or a better way of doing things to displace incumbents who maybe have a higher cost structure or less efficient technology. But to take our Linden and Bergen units and to try to displace them, or eat into their market share by subsidizing an identical unit, is not what we would call an efficient market. So we -- that's a bridge that we somehow need to understand how to construct or cross over. And right now, we're pleased with the fact that there's a large constituency that understands our point of view, and says, "That's not in the interest of customers over the long term." And the most important thing is that today's future entrant is tomorrow's incumbent. And you're not going to be able to constantly undermine the economics of 30-year investments by turning around to people and saying, "Well, I'm sorry, you're yesterday's story." And then hurting their economics. So we clearly have a disagreement there on policy. But where we agree is that we have to have a process whereby New Jersey customers and PJM customers benefit over the long term. Now we can't have temporary benefits with long-term harm to the customer base. And we believe the best way to accomplish that is with an efficient market, one which does not differentiate the same technology on the basis of when you entered the market. So settlement, maybe more of a meeting of the minds in terms of the shared goal of what -- doing what's best for the customer as opposed to settlement.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I won't ask anything further. Just one clarification, 0.8% was the normalized growth you guys expected -- you guys -- excuse me, that you guys estimate for the quarter on the electric side, I think, is that correct? And what would it be for the 9 months?
Caroline D. Dorsa: We can get you that, Paul. Yes it is 0.8% for the quarter. You're exactly right. So -- but because it was not as warm as the prior quarter, right, you didn't see the quarter-over-quarter absolutes were the 0.6% negative. Weather-normalized, the art that we usually do, we end up with a positive number of 0.8% for the third quarter. You're exactly right.
Operator: Next question is from Travis Miller of Morningstar Securities.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I want to make sure I understand the hedges right here and the changes since you disclosed the second -- after the second quarter. Looks like you've added relatively little in 2013 and relatively little in 2014. But it also appears you had a pretty substantial decrease in the average realized price or the hedge price? Is that -- am I interpreting that right? And if so, what was the -- why did that change occur?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Travis. It's Caroline. Thanks for your question. So we give our hedges, of course, in 5 percentage point ranges, right? Just because we think that's the best way to provide the information. So we did update the hedge data in this quarter from last quarter, and thought -- increased those ranges slightly. Remember, and as I mentioned on the earlier remarks, there are 2 things going on in the hedges that comprise the data as we provided. One is the hedges that are PJM West hedges that we roll on at forward curve prices. The other is the BGS, prices that are embedded in the hedge data, which as you may recall, are at the full requirements total price less capacity. So they come in at prices that would look higher than a West hub hedge because they are inclusive of those other costs like transmission, as well as the risk premium and pass-throughs. So this quarter's numbers reflect both rolling on some incremental hedges at the West hub prices and depending on how our folks ratably layer those in, as well as updating estimates for BGS. And remember, those BGS prices in the weighted average have a little bit of a different impact on the mix because they come in directly at higher prices. So it's both our updating of our estimates which we constantly do on BGS going forward, as well as rolling in hedges all at the forward price curve. There's nothing else going on there in any respect except those 2 things.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And now if we think about Power markets, my understanding was that there are -- actually a decent improvement. So are we seeing the BGS contracts roll through and then also the incremental PJM West hedges offsetting some of that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, it's really a blend of both of those things. It's a blend of our -- of estimates for BGS, as well as what's going on in the forward curve as we layer on hedges. And you're right, forward curves have come up recently. So as we would layer our incremental hedges, those have the potential to be at better price has been -- than we have in the prior quarter. But again, we're always using that -- the forward curve. And of course, you're talking about the base load. So it's a combination of updated for BGS, as well as layering in at forward curve prices during the prior quarter, upcoming layering in that we will continue to do pretty consistently would be at the forward curve prices you see now.
Operator: Question is from Kit Konolige of BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Caroline, just to follow up a little bit on the sales growth. You guys actually having any positive sales growth is better than some of the companies we've been hearing from. Do you have any color on what customer classes are buying more power and why?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks, Kit. So if we look at weather normalized as we talked about the 0.8% -- 8/10 of 1%, so it's not really dramatic growth. When we look at the data both for the residential and for the commercial and industrial, taking sort of C&I together, it's pretty even between both categories, a little better in the residential than in commercial and industrial. And recall, of course, commercial and industrial in our region is pretty small. So industrial, particularly is small but residential is the largest piece -- electric, right for commercial is the largest piece in electric. And residential, of course, is the largest piece in gas. So industrial is about 10% as we typically talk about. And then for commercial and residential, we're seeing increases in both of those categories, really all 3 categories. With of course, the things that drive the weighted average being commercial first and then residential. But again, the increase isn't dramatic and the weather normalized is sort of an estimate. So I wouldn't put too much stock at this in terms of saying we see any dramatic trends at this point.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Great. And can you give us any additional insight into -- you talk a lot about the cash from operations to debt metric at Power, anything -- any moving parts there?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So we provided the debt-to-cap number, as I did on the call. But you're right, I mean, the FFO-to-debt number is the critical metric we look at, at Power. And as you know, from the data we've provided previously, that metric continues to stay well above our floor, not our target level, but our floor level of 35%. And so we see no issues in our current numbers or in our forecast numbers of being well in excess of that floor level for Power's FFO-to-debt. And that includes, of course, everything we talked about relative to ongoing programs and investment at Utility, as well as Powers. Own cash flow and Power has very modest capital needs. So we give you the debt-to-cap because it's an easy end-of-period number to look at. But if you look at any rolling set of data from us on the FFO, we continue to be well in excess of our floor.
Operator: Next question is from Paul Fremont of Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Really, 2 questions. The first is -- the first relates to PSEG Power. And I guess, there was $82 million of other income this year versus $19 million last year. It looks like some of that improvement comes from nuclear decommissioning trust funds related activity. I guess, you identified about $33 million there. First of all, what is the $33 million? And I guess second of all, what would be the remaining difference there?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So if you're looking at NDT, which you're right, would be a significant impact this year on a year-to-year basis. So just keep in mind, on the NDT, and I may have explained this before but if not, let me just, kind of, walk you through it. So the NDT is, of course, our trust fund for the decommissioning of the nuclear plant. And in the NDT trust, we have an excess of $1 billion in assets. It's about actually almost $1.5 billion as of the end of September. The NDT trust is invested between equities and fixed income securities, and we recognized gains on the NDT trust when securities are sold. Of course, dividends are recognized as dividends come through and are paid, but gains are only recognized when securities are sold. So although we manage the portfolio on a total-return basis with a group of third-party asset managers. Of course, we don't manage money in-house. When we change managers, sometimes, you see incremental gains roll through the NDT trust that would look higher than you would see if we've kept the same managers, and we were just seeing dividends in the normal manager portfolio turnover that they would do their own volition. So we did have a little bit of changes to our NDT manager list. So we put on some new managers and ended relationships with a few other managers. What that resulted in is portfolio turnover that results in realizing long-term unrealized gains. Just like if you held a security for a long time and you knew it was -- had appreciated but you haven't sold it. When those gains are realized, is when the managers are turned over, the new manager doesn't want the prior manager's holdings, that security is sold and the gains are realized and that comes through the other income. It's not an operating earnings. Again, we keep that below, just because of those kinds of things that can happen on a quarter-to-quarter basis that aren't really reflective on ongoing earnings. And that's exactly what happened this quarter. Normal manager turnover and hiring and terminating an old manager, lead to some gain realization.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then the remaining like $20 million or so there?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. I think everything that we're seeing there, Paul, is basically NDT. The only other thing that's a little below the line in our operating reports across the market, but most of what you're seeing there is NDT.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, the last question would be it looks like the coal price per megawatt hour -- or fuel cost per megawatt hour on coal is almost $7 lower. Is that part of the renegotiation that you talked about? And should we expect those numbers to be permanently lower than, I guess, you've given. In the past, you've given ranges for I think Keystone and Conemaugh and some of the other plants?
Ralph Izzo: I think it's because we ran some of our coal units on gas that you're seeing that, Paul.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And a little bit higher percentage of Keystone and Conemaugh in that mix. When you do the per megawatt hour, you've got a little heavier Key-Con, which of course is the less expensive coal than our Eastern unit.
Operator: Your next question is from Maura Shaughnessy of MFS Investment Management.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Perhaps, the volatility in some of the pricing in August and September, and chatting with various players in the market, it seems that some of your peers continue to have this kind of ratable hedging strategy and hedging into the markets, potentially 2 or 3 years out when there are no natural buyers and putting in the seasonally, potentially seasonally weak or shoulder months of the commodity. Just dampening prices even further and so -- perhaps not having any sort of return focus and potentially not even making any money on those hedges, if not losing money. Which is sort of hard to understand for those of us watching this go on. Just wondering any comments to your own hedging strategy in that regard? And any comments with regard to sort of the industry actions?
Ralph Izzo: So Maura, I can't comment on others for obvious reasons, but we also do ratable hedging within a flexible band that we publish. But by and large, we hedge in a margin. We've booked the fuel and the sales and make sure that we're not hedging at a loss and trying to make it up on volume. I don't mean to be flip because obviously it's a serious question. So I don't know what others are doing in that regard, but we certainly don't book in losses with the expectation of maybe, if we didn't do it, it would only get worse. That's not the way in which we run our book.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: And is there anything just in terms of your own knowledge that some of the events of August, September, which caused potentially a little bit more volatility than what we've seen in the past? Was there anything abnormal or even more hedging going into that? And obviously gas has been all over the place as well.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I mean the only question that I think I've received with increasing frequency from investors, and one can extrapolate from this, but I won't do the extrapolation, I'll just give you the facts. In terms of the questions we received is, the others seem to have believed that the forward prices will be going up, that the forward price curve is discounting what future prices will truly be. So don't want you stay more open? So that question we've been getting with increasing frequency. And we keep giving the same answer, which is where not in the business about guessing the forward price curve. And within the bands that we've put forth, we give ourself some flexibility, but we run this business as if the forward price curve is best information that's available to us.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: And any comments potentially going out more 2 or 3 years in terms -- we've had the various financial crisis or what have you, where some of the potential natural buyers, potentially have changed from the liquidity. Any thoughts going further out, and is it more difficult now? Or...
Ralph Izzo: We would not want to go further out for 2 reasons. As you pointed out, the liquidity does drop once you get beyond the 36-month period. And while it's not the whole story, just remember we have 2 very natural products that are bounded over 3 years, and those 2 products are the base residual auction in RPM and the BGS contracts. So we try to hedge up 100% of our base load in 12 months, and then 75% of it over 24 months, and then half of it is just base load over the 36-month period. And we stay pretty open on our intermediate load following and peaking units just to capture that volatility that you referred to.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And Maura, also when we roll in the BGS, for example, in the upcoming February, that for this out year -- calendar year when we start to look at that year, it's BGS that comes in there first because it takes a while before that market becomes liquid enough to then role in other hedges. So usually that's very heavily weighted to BGS until it becomes near-term and liquidity starts to happen or something has happened post-BGS, but usually that's for this year out, it's almost entirely BGS.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Caroline, you mentioned that some of the coal contracts have been renegotiated to better fit the expected output. Should we expect any ongoing financial impact? Were there penalties involved? Or is that fairly baked in and shouldn't have a material impact going forward?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well. A good question, Steven. And we've talked about that a little bit earlier this year. We are doing some renegotiated coal contracts to better match our needs. Certainly, if we have done anything that resulted in penalty, today, you would have seen that already, right? So if anything occurs going forward, we'll certainly give you a price and break that out. But right now, I think, just kind of stand with where we are, and we've been done some renegotiations and kind of pleased with those results that pull things out a little bit.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just on nuclear capacity factor, I think you mentioned for the year the target was around 91% full year, and that factors in the current events following the hurricane, et cetera. I was just curious with the nuclear plants, any variability or risk there in terms of just full output or just given, for example, flooding in the river and matter that shows up in the river, or is that really not a material thing to think about?
Ralph Izzo: That's -- Stephen, it's Ralph. That's taken into account, right? I mean, that's why Salem 1 became offline. There was some damage to the circ water screens. I'm 99% sure those were all repaired as of 24 hours ago, and we were just doing some routine inspections prior to start-up. So the tidal surge actually was the bigger issue this time instead of debris and just the mechanical stress and strain on those screens.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And the 91% percent does reflect our best estimate at this point of the capacity factor.
Ralph Izzo: And by the way, when I say routine start-up, I don't mean like routine refueling outage start-up which would be weeks, I mean routine start-up which is days.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question here, just on the subject of sort of power market recovery, if you will. We heard one of your peers earlier today describe upwards of $3 to $6 midwater [ph] and upside of the forwards. And then I'm just a bit curious, from your perspective, does that ring through? And where would we -- in what manner can we see that play out? They're obviously talking more of a '15, '16 period, does that kind of jive with you guys? And then secondarily, maybe along with that $3 to $6 upside, coal retirements, how are you seeing that play out? And perhaps that's more of a comment or question regards to your own portfolio, perhaps in New England?
Ralph Izzo: So, Julien, I -- let me begin by saying I absolutely hope they're right. The risk of stating the obvious. Number two, let me just reiterate that we just don't manage the business that way. We assume the forward price curve is the best information that's out there. That's it. To answer your question specifically, here are some ways that they might be right, but we do not hedge, and we do not run the business assuming what I'm about to say is true. We've seen Casper rejected twice. Okay? We all believe HAPs-MACT is going to go into effect in 2015. We know it's being litigated, maybe the market is not giving it 100% credit, very likely the case. We've talked about the weakest recovery from the deepest recession since the Great Depression. Maybe the housing market is recovering, and we haven't seen that fully reflected in price. We're seeing a robust demand for natural gas in the industrial section. And perhaps we're not seeing that fully reflected in price. We have an election coming up in 3 days. Could that result in a change in direction at EPA? Maybe that's not fully reflected in price. So my colleagues are very smart. And certainly, the -- everything I just said could give you some optimism that prices would change going forward, but we're just believers in the collective wisdom of the market, and therefore we run the place based on the forward price curve. How many times have I said that now? I don't know. And I don't mean to sound like a broken record but that's -- so that's a possible set of circumstances that could lift those prices up.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And perhaps on the second side of the question, quickly, just in terms of -- aggregately coal plant retirements, we've obviously seen the first [indiscernible] a little early to start talking about capacity terms again? But I hear that...
Ralph Izzo: So Julien, you cut out a lot, but Kathleen has bionic hearing, and she said she thinks that what she heard you say is are we planning to retire coal units, and the answer is, no, if that was a question. If it was a different question, you might want to call Kathleen with that later on.
Kathleen A. Lally: Operator, I know we're a little bit over, but we started a little over. I'm going to turn the call over to Ralph for some final comments. And please, any additional questions, feel free to call Investor Relations later today. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: So listen, folks, all kidding aside, I know I've been a little bit more light hearted in a couple of my comments today, I will write that off to maybe a little bit less sleep than I normally receive. But in all seriousness, look, you're hearing from a very proud company with 109-year history. Now I got to tell you, in my 5 years as CEO, I've had the 2 biggest storms in our history, and our first and only Halloween snowstorm. So I would be lying to you, and I don't lie to you, if I said that these events have been welcome. But nonetheless, we're in great shape. And it just begins with great employees from our unions to our business unit presidents. We've got excellent assets. Some of them took a hit these past few days, but we're fixing them, and we're getting them back to service, and they will be back in service. We've got an outstanding balance sheet, which is an outstanding financial leadership in this company with Caroline on down throughout the team. And not -- we don't always agree with the State, but in so many ways, we've just got an unshakable partnership with them, and it never is more apparent than at times like these. So when you write all that up, it's a very strong and a very positive outlook, and one that I'm looking forward to being able to smile upon in the days to come. So thanks for being with us. We'll see you at EEI. And that's it for us.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Keisha, and I will be your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 31, 2012, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 12:00 p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on August 14, 2012. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning, everyone or good afternoon. We appreciate your participating in our call this morning. As you are aware, we released the second quarter 2012 earnings earlier today, and you can find the release and attachments posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section of the website. We have also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2012, is expected to be filed shortly, before the end of this week. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statements or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although, we may elect to update these forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I am now going to turn the call over to Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of Caroline's remarks, there will be time for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Caroline?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your patience with us as we adjusted the timing of the earnings conference call. This change provided flexibility for Ralph to join Governor Christie at a press conference this morning to break ground on a renewable energy site in Hackensack, New Jersey. I hope you've also seen the announcement of PSE&G's proposed plans to increase spending on solar energy by up to $883 million. Our proposed investment, if approved as filed, will add 233 megawatts of renewable energy to the grid over the next 5 years. And when added to our existing $700 million commitment to solar energy, PSE&G will have added approximately 395 megawatts of solar capacity to the system and we'll move closer to meeting the state's goals for renewable energy. The program will assure the continuation of PSE&G's successful organic growth strategy in this area. And, as we'll discuss later, our balance sheet enables us to consider additional investments to grow the utility in other ways that benefit our customers. Before we talk more about our proposed spending program, let me address earnings for the quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2012 of $0.43 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.59 per share in the second quarter of 2011. The results for the quarter bring operating earnings for the first half of 2012 to $1.28 per share compared with operating earnings of $1.44 per share earned in 2011's first half. Slides 4 and 5 of our webcast package contain the detail on the results for the quarter and the first half. Our results for the quarter and the first half of the year are in line with our expectations, and I think you will find -- show that our strategy is on track. I could say that the results are strong in the face of issues which we don't control, such as the weather. This year started off as one of the warmest on record and the mild weather conditions continued to define our experience for the second quarter. Although, our weather normalization costs in our gas business enabled us to earn our authorized return. Credits for meeting our operational and financial objectives goes to our employees. Their dedication is evident in the continued availability for our gas-fired combined cycle fleet and the strong performance from nuclear, which, together, support Power's market position. The importance of setting and meeting high standards for reliability is also recognized by our utility customers as PSE&G moved to second place on the J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Electric Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Survey for large utilities in the East from 10th place a year ago. Let me now address the earnings for each company in a bit more detail. The earnings contribution from each of our 2 major businesses is almost equal in both periods. We have provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 10 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business, and a similar chart on Slide 12 provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. So let's start with Power. PSEG Power reported operating earnings of $0.22 per share for the second quarter of 2012 compared with operating earnings of $0.36 per share for the second quarter of 2011. PSEG Power's earnings declined in line with our expectations, given lower prices for energy and capacity during the quarter. Operations were aided by the availability and increased dispatch of the combined cycle natural gas fleet and continued strong contribution from the nuclear fleet. Lower realized priced reduced Power's earnings by $0.05 per share quarter-over-quarter. The decline reflects lower prices under the BGS contract as well as lower wholesale sales prices. Contract price for 1/3 of the BGS-related load declined from $104 per megawatt hour to approximately $84 per megawatt hour on June 1, 2012. The impact on earnings from the overall decline in price incorporates the impact of customer migration away from the BGS contract. For your information, customer migration levels were at about 38% during the quarter, in line with our expectations and consistent with our full year guidance. The market price for Power in the quarter was often set by low gas prices in the East, where Power's units are located, as opposed to coal in the West. Bases, however, has improved from first quarter levels. The return to service of the transmission lines and coal units in Western PJM, which had experienced outages in the first quarter, as well as an increase in the price of gas versus coal, had a favorable impact on bases which remains positive as we look into the forward market. A decline in average capacity prices reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.03 per share. Although quarter-over-quarter, we saw a decline in earnings from capacity, recall that the weighted average price for capacity on our fleet increased from $152.60 per megawatt-day on June 1 of this year from $110 per megawatt-day earlier this year. This increase in capacity prices will be in place through May 31 of next year. Thus revenue from capacity on a full year basis is expected to be essentially flat versus 2011. You may want to keep that in mind as you model the rest of the year. Power cleared approximately 9,000 megawatts of capacity at a price of $167 per megawatt-day for the 2015, 2016 years as part of the RPM auction conducted by PJM. Several new combined cycle units to be built by other generators clear the auction at that price. Efforts to improve the minimum offer price rule prior to the next auction are ongoing. The output from Power's rate declined 4.6% in the quarter from year-ago levels. This reduction in output was primarily influenced by a decline in the dispatch of our coal units. The decline in output reduced earnings by about $0.02 per share. The nuclear fleet experienced a 3% decline in output during the quarter from year-ago levels. A planned refueling outage at the Hope Creek nuclear station is borne completely by Power given 100% ownership of the unit, compared to the impact in the year ago quarter of the refueling outage at the 57% owned sale on 2 units. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 92.7% during the first half of the year and is consistent with our expectations for the fleet to operate at approximately 91% to 92% of capacity for the full year 2012. Production from the natural gas combined cycle fleet increased approximately 10% in the quarter and now represented 32% of generation. Output was aided by continued strong availability of 88% as the fleet's capacity factor expanded from 52% to 57% in the quarter. Power's 270 megawatts of new efficient peaking capacity at Kearny went into service on June 1 and was picked up by PJM on Day 1 to assure reliability and they've been available to meet the summer demand. An additional 130 megawatts of new peaking capacity at New Haven, Connecticut was also brought into service by Power to be ready for the summer season. And the market experienced an improvement in gas prices toward the end of the quarter in response to demand. During the quarter, however, our dual fueled Hudson and Mercer units continued to be dispatched primarily on gas when called upon to run. An increase in the price of gas in early July narrowed the cost discrepancy between operating our coal and natural gas units. In fact, Hudson and Mercer has been running on coal in July given weather-related demand and higher gas prices. In general, gas prices would need to improve further by another, approximately, $1.50 to $2 per mmBTU for coal to be competitive with the dispatch economics of our combined cycle units. A net increase in O&M costs associated with the planned refueling outage at Hope Creek reduced Power's earnings in the quarter by $0.02 per share. Power continues to carefully monitor its operating expenses and benefits from its ability to optimize its labor force in reaction to market conditions. For the full year, Power still expects to capture most of the value of the O&M savings it realized during the first quarter, predominantly at the fossil stations. And year-to-date, O&M is still lower than last year's levels. Several miscellaneous items combined to reduce Power's earnings in the quarter by $0.03 per share. Power continues to forecast total output for 2012 of 53 to 54 terawatt-hours and approximately 70% to 75% of output for the remainder of the year is hedged at an average price of $58 per megawatt-hour. For 2013, Power has hedged approximately 55% to 60% of its forecast output of 52 to 54 terawatt-hours at an average price of $54 per megawatt-hour. And for 2014, Power has hedged approximately 25% to 30% of its forecast output of 53 to 55 terawatt-hours at an average price of $54 per megawatt hour. Remember that average hedge prices exclude the price for capacity embedded in our Full Requirements Contracts. We continue to forecast operating earnings in 2012 for Power of $575 million to $665 million. The year will be influenced by a decline in average realized energy prices. Full year capacity revenues, however, are expected to be generally flat with 2011 given the increase in capacity prices on June 1 of this year. Power's results will also be aided by its control of O&M and strong performance from the nuclear and combined cycle assets. Let me also remind you that Power continues to have solid investment-grade credit ratings from all the agencies and ended the quarter with a debt-to-capital ratio of 34%. Let me now turn to the Utility. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2012 of $0.20 per share compared with $0.21 per share for the second quarter of 2011. And results for the quarter are shown on Slide 23. PSE&G's results were influenced by an increase in transmission revenue and warmer-than-normal winter weather. An annualized increase in transmission revenue of $94 million effective on January 1 of this year added $0.02 per share to earnings. Warmer-than-normal winter weather conditions early in the quarter and weather which was unfavorable compared to a year ago reduced electric demand and earnings by $0.01 per share. On a weather-normalized basis, residential sales increased about 1.8% in the quarter, as extreme weather fluctuations may have encouraged the use of air-conditioning. A small decline in weather-normalized electric sales from commercial and industrial customers together resulted in only a nominal overall increase in total weather-normalized electric sales. Although, a decline in demand for gas reduced earnings quarter-over-quarter by $0.01 per share, this was fully offset by an accrual of revenues under the gas weather normalization clause, which continues to support PSE&G's ability to earn its authorized return in our gas distribution business. An increase in PSE&G's O&M reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.03 per share. This increase, which was in line with our expectations, reflects higher pension expense, which we talked about this year, and the work associated with the company's expanded capital program. An increase in depreciation expenses, also associated with the expanded capital program, reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. And other miscellaneous items added $0.02 per share to the quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons. During the quarter, PSE&G attained important milestones related to the $390 million North Central Reliability transmission line. We received approval from both the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection for construction of the 230 kV line. The line is scheduled to enter service in mid-2014, and construction has started. The North Central line is one of several major transmission projects comprising PSE&G's $3.5 billion investment in new transmission capacity over 2012 to 2014, a pillar of the Utilities' organic growth strategy. As I mentioned earlier, PSE&G announced today that it will be filing shortly for New Jersey BPU approval to increase spending by up to $883 million under its existing Solar 4 All and Solar Loan programs. This continues our investment program and renewables, which is the second key part of the Utilities' organic growth strategy and provides our customers with increased levels of clean energy. Governor Christie recently signed into law the Solar Energy Bill requiring electric power suppliers to increase renewable energy as a percent of total energy requirements. Our proposal calls for spending up to $690 million under the Solar 4 All program over a 5-year period to add solar capacity on landfills and brownfield sites. The plan also calls for spending up to $193 million over a 3-year period under the Solar Loan program to support the financing of solar by businesses and homeowners. The 2 spending programs will support the addition of 233 megawatts of solar capacity and bring PSE&G's total investment in solar to approximately 395 megawatts. The filing is based on an extension of the supportive incremental rate mechanisms of our existing programs namely: an authorized return on equity of 10.3%; and annual review by the BPU. We continue to have investment capacity to support additional significant investments by PSE&G in the areas of energy efficiency and the replacement of aging infrastructure, including cast-iron gas distribution mains. Both of these, along with our proposed solar investments and transmission, can help grow our utility, while providing significant benefits to our customers. PSE&G's growth is benefiting from increased investment in transmission and an investment program emphasizing a clean, efficient and reliable network. Year-to-date, both our transmission business and our renewables business are positive contributors to our bottom line after all costs. And in our distribution businesses, we continue to earn our authorized return in both electric and gas. PSE&G's results for the first half of the year are consistent with our forecast operating earnings guidance for the full year of $530 million to $560 million. I'll now turn to PSEG Energy Holdings and the parent. Operating earnings for PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise in the second quarter of 2012 were $4 million or about $0.01 per share versus operating earnings of $10 million or $0.02 per share earned during the second quarter of 2011. The results were in line with our expectations and reflect expected lower earnings on leases. PSEG Energy's Holdings remains focused on the startup of its $75 million investment in the 25-megawatt Queen Creek solar print plant in Arizona scheduled for operation later this year, as well as transition activities in support of a Long Island Power Authority services contract. The 10-year contract to manage LIPA's electric distribution system received final approval during the quarter. The contract, which is scheduled to begin in January of 2014, represents an opportunity to improve returns and is a recognition of PSEG's history of strong reliability and customer satisfaction. PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise operating earnings for the second quarter are consistent with our forecast of operating earnings for 2012 of $35 million to $45 million. The results for the full year include the benefit associated with the IRS tax settlement in the first quarter and the expected decline of lease income. And we plan to continue our successful efforts to date to de-risk the holdings business. Finally, our capital position remains strong. We ended the quarter with over $750 million in cash and total debt at 41% of capitalization. During the quarter, PSE&G sold $450 million of 30-year medium-term notes at a cost of 3.95% to finance its capital program, in line with authorized rate levels. Power continues to generate significant operating cash flow given its low cost position while its capital needs remain modest. As we remain focused on maintaining solid credit metrics, the strength of our balance sheet and cash flow supports the proposed increase in capital spending with room for possible new programs at PSE&G without the need for additional equity. Finally, we remain within operating earnings guidance in line with our expectations for the full year of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. With that, I'll turn it back to Keisha, and we welcome any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Caroline, with the RPM auction having taken place since the last earnings call, can you just share kind of the corporate strategy around addressing the MOPR ruling in any thoughts you guys might have around the LCAPP lawsuit that's, I guess, in court today? What strategies might occur if you do not get a successful outcome in that case?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Relative to capacity, as you know, as we mentioned, there are efforts underway with PJM as I mentioned to improve the understanding and transparency relative to MOPR prior to next year's option. It's really too soon to comment on that, because those discussions are just underway and that is a confidential process. So, I can't really talk more about that except that we recognize the value in trying to improve that transparency. Relative to the court case, obviously, today court is in session and, I think, the perspective I'd share with you on the court case is similar to what we've been talking about all along. We do think that it makes sense to preserve the viability of markets, and that's always been our position relative to the court action. We did file a motion for summary judgment. And as you know, the other side did the same. Oral arguments, or as I best understand it before I got on this call, still underway, and we look forward to that outcome. It's too soon to speculate, of course, on what might happen if there is an outcome on either side at this point. We remain committed, of course, to the concept of supporting markets, but it's really too soon to have any speculation on what's going on in court. Our position is really the same as it's been before.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mr. Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: It's Glenrock Associates. Just in terms of -- I just wanted to clarify the sales growth. It sounded like, I guess, it was kind of neutral. There wasn't really much of a change, maybe a slight positive, is that right, on weather normalized basis for the quarter and year-to-date?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, that's right, Paul. We look at overall between residential, commercial and industrial, it is very modest, less than 1% growth. We continue to talk about low growth in that 0.5% to 1% range over the period, but it was pretty modest in this quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then in terms of peaks, looking at PJM and what-have-you, we've had really hot weather as you know, most recently, and I haven't seen any announcement new peaks really in PJM, and I was wondering if you guys have, your market people or whatever, seeing any change in demand response? I know we've got a new energy demand response tariff in PJM. Just in general if you could give us a flavor for any change in consumption pattern that you might be seeing, considering that we have really hot weather, and I don't think we've seen much in the way of any new peaks.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, that's a good question, Paul. You're right. So we have had pretty hot weather, as you know, as you were just commenting. We have not hit the historical peaks that we have seen previously. You're right. It's too early to know specifically what that relates to. Obviously, demand response could be a factor in that. It's a little hard to measure at this point in time, or whether part of what we're seeing in response to peak is response to warm weather to some curtailment of demand that comes from people just being -- conserving because of their economic situation or whatever. So you're right. We haven't hit the peaks. It's a little early for us to assess whether it was specifically demand response programs versus just the overall economic conditions. But you're right about the fact we haven't hit our peaks to date.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could quantify a bit the earnings benefit that you're seeing from that increase in combined cycle generation, I mean, we talked about it a lot. But is there an earnings offset that you're realizing and could that change as gas prices move?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So Travis, I guess, I think of it this way. So combined cycle generation is up 10%, right? As we mentioned, just about 10%. Of course, coal generation is down as I mentioned before and of course, this particular quarter, we have the Hope Creek outage. So while we certainly are pleased and benefit from the efficiency of our combined cycle, there are obviously offsets that go there as well. As it relates to -- if you think about our overall position, our combined cycle units, part of what we offer into the market, but also keep in mind that PGS provides a significant portion of our pricing and our hedging in terms of providing the overall price. So it's good to have a combined cycle availability. We're very pleased. We have the largest combined fleet in PJM. Our capacity factor was 57% in the quarter but, obviously, when you look at it all together, you balance that relative to coal and, of course, nuclear continues to be highly available as well. So I wouldn't try to split out profitability by the type of unit. I'd rather look at the fact that we have a whole dispatch portfolio, which we can effectively put into the market to optimize our total profitability and at reasonable hedging strategy, which I think gives us the opportunity to take advantage of some of those full requirement contract prices.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kit Konolige with EPC financial.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: So on the segment earnings, Caroline, as you noted, they're running about neck and neck between the Utility and Power year-to-date. You, I believe, are maintaining the guidance for the year, which would result in Power ending the year a little above PSE&G. Can you give us a perspective on the rest of the year segment-wise, and then maybe looking forward over the next couple of years, that was a perspective that I think you gave us at the Analyst Day.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Kit. So a couple of things. So, you're right, we're very close on a 6-month basis, right, between Power and PSE&G, $0.60 per share for Power and $0.59 for PSE&G. And then, of course, if you look at our guidance, obviously, which we reaffirmed for both businesses. I think as we think about the period coming up, of course, we're into the summer quarter now. So that's important relative to thinking about the summer and the demand that we see, which obviously has benefits for both businesses. The other thing I'd encourage you to keep in mind as you look at year-to-date being relatively similar and then compare it to guidance, which is not right on top of each other. As I mentioned, capacity prices. Keep in mind capacity prices are now up for the second half of the year, which means that as I mentioned, they would be essentially flat if we look at the full year in terms of capacity revenues. And when you think about that, I think that's valuable to keep in mind, because if we think about capacity prices on a year-to-date basis, they're $0.11 lower. But what we were signaling is for the full year, they'll basically be flat. So that's going to be a differentiator for Power as you think about kind of the go forward. That's probably the single biggest thing I'd point to on the margin line for Power that's a differentiator that's not just the weather and the summer. For the Utility, I might point to obviously continuing our transmission investments. Obviously, the announcement that we made on Solar today would not be a 2012 earnings effects, that would be a filing that will be affecting future periods. So just keep in mind Utility transmission. And then as we come in to the later period as we get into the fall and into the winter. Obviously, the winter weather would have an impact. Although, keep in mind for the Utility, the winter has the gas weather normalization clause, which allows us to earn our authorized return. Of course, for Power, it would be more at market. So I think about capacity and summer weather and continued transmission investments as the differentiators as we think about the rest of the year. In terms of the outlook for the longer term, as you know, we're not giving guidance beyond the current year, 2012. I would say just keep in mind some of the hedging data, which I gave you earlier for Power. Power is relatively well hedged as we come in to '13 and less so for '14, consistent with what we've done in the past. We're a little more hedged at this point in the year for the subs for the upcoming year than we were last year at this time, so we've done a little more of that hedging, but we still have obviously more to go in both, that is relatively consistent with prior. And for the Utility, going forward, I just -- keep in mind the ongoing investment program that we have, $3.5 billion of transmission spending over the 3-year period being an important part of our growth. And then those new filings that I just mentioned, which are new. And keep in mind, if you're modeling them into the out years, they are not part of the previous disclosures we've given you on our capital expenditures, because we've only put in those slides things that have been approved. So this is new and incremental, things that you should think about for the Utility in the upcoming years.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: Great. And one other area, just to clarify. I think you mentioned that gas prices would need to be $1.5 to $2 higher for coal to be competitive. So we're talking about gas prices would have to get above $5 before that the coal plants run some more, basically?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So gas prices above $5 is about right, Kit, so you're right on. Relative to the coal units running, it's not about their running when there's a strong demand that we would see in the summer. It's about -- that would be the trade-off price where they would become sort of equivalent in the dispatch with the gas units, right, the combined cycle units. It's not about the fact that goal can't run in the summer, because, as I said, we are already running them this July because the warm weather has pulled the demand through. I'm really talking about the equivalence to combined cycle, but your number is right.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: And obviously, the flatness, shall we say, in peak, i.e. absence of a whole lot of growth and demand, would tend to not change that dispatch order very quickly?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, I think that's fair. But I would say even though we've not hit the peaks, as we were just talking about a few minutes ago, we are having enough demand in the warm summer days that the coal units are running and running on coal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: We have an upcoming court decision on the cross state rule from EPA. And there's been a lot of debate about how they might come out. If the court were to uphold that rule, what's your general view on power market implications and implications to PSEG in that event?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, so good question, Stephen. Right now a lot of what we're seeing in the market is more focused really on the mercury rules than the CASPR rules in terms of having that significant impact, and you may remember, obviously, it was a pickup in the market in CASPR late last year. So we're hopeful, relative to CASPR, we still think it's the right way to go. But if you look at where people are making decisions and announcements and where things tend to be trending, it tends to be more focused on the mercury rules. At least as we see the markets at this time.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. And just want to build on Kit's earlier question on the coal plants and capacity factors. Relative to last year, the New Jersey coal, the Hudson and Mercer, I guess the second quarter of 2011 capacity factor is around 33% and this year it's at 14%. Are these plants, given the commodity environment that we're now looking at, are these plants that are likely to be NPV [ph] positive over the long term in terms of having them continue to run? Or similar to what we've seen with other companies where they've looked at coal plants that are less competitive than others that these are potential candidates for shut down over time?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So, good question. Relative to our coal plants, we see them as providing value over the long-term. As I just said, they're running now and, remember, these plants, and I'm talking about Hudson and Mercer, these are dual fuel plants, so they have actually some embedded optionality that not every coal plant in the system has. So we have the ability to run them on gas, which is where when they ran that's the most of how they ran in the second quarter. In July, they are running on coal. So we do see these units as valuable over the long-term and as units that we like having in our fleet dispatch. And frankly, as you've seen over the years, as you know well, having that dispatch flexibility has always turned out to be over the long-term advantage. So we do see them as long-term valuable assets, and we're pleased to see them. Frankly, we're running on coal as we come into the summer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you address the timeline for both the filing on the Solar program that's been proposed today, as well as kind of the timeline on, during the course of that 5 years, what the spending profile would look like?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Michael. So relative to the timeline for the program, as we've said before, we didn't expect even, as we were considering these filings, that there'd be any incremental spend in 2012 and I still think that's accurate. So we will be filing shortly. You can watch for that, obviously. That's following today's announcement and press conference with Governor Christie and with Ralph. In terms of approval period, I would encourage you to think about these as early 2013 in terms of when the suspending would start. And as I think we mentioned in the call, and I know it was in the release, there are a little bit different timelines for the total spend, right? So Solar 4 All, Solar 4 All II is a program that we think we would expect to spend the dollars over the next 5 years and for the Solar Loan Program about 3 years in terms of when the loans would go out and, obviously, they'd pay back over a longer period of time. I think that's relatively consistent with what you've seen with our existing programs, because if you think about our existing programs, they've taken some years to roll out when we had Solar 4 All in July of '09, the spending -- total expected about $456 million. We still have about 95 to go. So that's sort of consistent with the 3-, 4-year program and in the Solar Loan Program, we actually had 2 programs as you may recall, again, they take a multi-year period. So I think 3 years to 5 years is the right way to think about it: A little shorter for the loan program, a little longer for the Solar 4 All II program. Both of them are filed generally consistent with our existing programs, i.e. contemporaneous return 10 3, very similar to what you've seen before. That's why we're very pleased to file them, because I think our first programs, we were judged to be pretty successful.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And do you see this potential uptick in capital spending as requiring incremental capital infusions into PSE&G, do you still see those coming primarily from PSEG Power? And finally, where -- there had been some discussion about a gas distribution kind of a, an Ohio-like distribution upgrade program. Can you give us an update on where that stands?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure Michael. So 2 things. First relative to the financing, right, for the PSE&G programs. So I think you may recall, we've talked about before that because Power's capital needs are relatively modest, right, as we talked about the environmental spending being essentially behind Power. That enables us to have PSE&G, which is now a relatively significant generator of operating cash flow. Not as much as Power but more significant than it's been in the past. That allows PSE&G to essentially keep its cash from operations, raise debt consistent with its capital structure, while Power can be the cash flow generator, that dividends up to the parent to support the shareholder dividend. So given the nice cash generation coming from PSE&G, keep in mind, things like the renewables with contemporaneous return, the transmission program with formula rates and flip in rate base for some of our major programs start to generate cash relatively quickly, that supports our ability to have the Utility, to be able to keep its cash and have adequate financing. So everything we're doing, at the bottom line, as we said before, there's no need for any equity issuance because the balance sheet and cash flow generation of the 2 companies is strong. From the perspective of incremental programs, you're right. We've mentioned that gas disk [ph] program a number of times before, and we still have the opportunity for the gas disk program as well as some energy efficiency, we've not announced any filings of those programs but cast iron gas main replacement, something that we are obviously interested in, and we understand the status as well. It's something that you could see via program in this picture, that's why we continue to put it in our materials and remember we talked about that program as multi-year as well and of like a 5-year program like Solar 4 All could be, with spending in the range of about $250 million per year that we could logistically do well. That is the kind of thing that our balance sheet still provides room to do even on top of the 800 -- up to $883 million that I just mentioned, because of the strength of the credit metrics that I mentioned on earlier with Power's debt to cap in the low 30s and the overall company in the low 40s. Again, without any equity, we can do the programs we just mentioned. We can do $3.5 billion transmission that you know we have in front of us, as well as consider more programs. So we kind of like the position we are relative to the ability to do more for the Utility.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies & Company.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First question, I guess, is a clarification. Did I hear you earlier say that the weather-normalized sales growth in the quarter was up 1.8%?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So let me clarify that, Paul, for you. So weather-normalized sales growth in residential was 1.8%. But for commercial and industrial, it was down, such that when you roll the Utility together for it's electric sales, it was up less than 0.5%, which is why we said essentially de minimis growth this quarter.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So less than 0.5% for the total -- company-wide?
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's right. For electric weather normalized for the quarter.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is it fair to say that the impact of shopping was roughly the same this quarter as it was a year ago?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So the impact of price overall for Power as we said was $0.05 and the impact within that for migration was about $0.03 of the $0.05. In terms of where migration is right now, I think I mentioned on the remarks, it's about 38% for the quarter, recall our guidance for the year is between 36% and 40%. We're staying with that guidance we still think that's appropriate and the reason I'll indicate that for you is one of the things we look at, as you know, when we look at migration, we always look at headroom. Because at the end of the day, the driver of migration over the long term is always headroom. And every time we've seen headroom collapse or shrink, you've seen the pace of migration slow. So while we had increased headroom earlier this year, when I look at the headroom based on our estimates. When I look at the headroom for June, for example, as we got a little bit firmer prices with weather and as the new BGS price came in and reduced the BGS price going forward, right, starting in June, we see headroom levels coming back to levels that we saw actually in the third quarter of last year and that's when you really saw migration slow down. So the impact is embedded in the $0.05. BGS price is down. Market prices is obviously up a little weather. We're still comfortable with the guidance range and we always watch the headroom on a month-to-month basis.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And you brought up the Bases differential earlier and talked about seeing some improvement in the second quarter. Can you give us a sense of where you expect to see Bases for the full year 2012?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So yes, Bases obviously had challenges, as I mentioned earlier, particularly given some transmission outages and some coal plant outages, not our coal plants, obviously. Coal plants in the West. And that had the impact of reducing the differential and in some cases, slowed direction at various points in time. With those being resolved as where we are now as well as [indiscernible] with the warmer weather and a little firming of gas prices, we see the return of Bases. And on the forward market forecast, as we Bases, we see positive Bases for our regions. It's not at the levels it was a year [indiscernible] ago, we're still talking in the single digit; modest, single digit levels. But keep in mind, of course, we do monetize basis through BGS, and that's obviously something that continues to remain important. So was challenged earlier. Here's the return. Stayed in the forward markets at levels that are positive for us but not at levels that we had experienced a few years ago.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So is it safe to say, I mean, a couple of dollars is what you would expect for this year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, a couple of dollars is about right. $2, $3, $4 for the year is about the way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Gay with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien here. Actually, most of my questions have been asked and answered already as well. Perhaps just curious with regards to perhaps outside of the court case right now with regards to MOPR. Broadly speaking for policy, what are you guys looking to do in terms of revising MOPR, what would be the goal there? And obviously, a number of different things have been thrown out there by various companies. What would you -- what would ideally a MOPR look like to you guys?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, I think given the process that's underway at PJM as I mentioned, it's a confidential process. It's probably not appropriate for us to use the call to kind of speculate on what we would like to see. I think just some core principles, things that we've talked about before, I think are logical to mention here and, of course, one that's transparent for all players, right, for all participants in the market that people can understand readily and, therefore, it really helps the efficiency of what we think is a very valuable and well functioning capacity market, which we want to see continue. In terms of specifics and looking at alternatives and things like that, I think it's just too soon to start to talk about that in public as we really should let the PJM process, I think, take its course.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Do you have any sense on timeline for that or just...
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, I don't have any sense relative to any key dates. One of the things that obviously is something that I think I know PJM recognizes and we've all discussed is to provide some clarity for all market participants before the next auction in May, and I think that's the right way to think about the timeline we would shoot for.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just first a clarification on the new Solar program. Thank you for giving the rough years for both the Solar 4 and the Solar Loan. What would be the split, roughly, of the $883 million between the 2?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So for the Solar 4 All II program, this new Solar 4 All II program, up to $690 million spending out over a 5-year period. And for the Solar Loan III program, up to $193 million over about a 3-year timeframe. I mentioned the up to's [ph] , just to provide some clarification on what that means. So this is how we will file and of course we'll discuss with the BPU the final dollars. Keep in mind that, also, we're talking about a particular amount of megawatts, and so depending on how the filing proceeds and is ultimately adjudicated, as you may recall in Solar 4 All I, the current program, we had approval for 80 megawatts and up to a certain amount of spend, and so as the price panels has come down, the total spend came down as well. So that's why we cite up to at this point, really because we need to understand and go through the BPU process. But that's how the 2 split out and so, overall, it's up to the $883 million.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And what's -- I know you've talked about programs like this as being a focus. Should we expect that there'll be more things like this that pop up over the next year or so?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So the way I would think about it Steve in terms of the 'more,' these are obviously 2 pretty significant programs in solar following our existing solar programs. In terms of what's next for the Utility, I would encourage you to think about what we've talked about in terms of energy efficiency and gas disk and, probably, gas disk really being the biggest one, because that's one where, obviously, in the state's energy master plan, I talked about gas investment, there's a lot we can do. As I said we could spend about $250 million a year over a multi-year horizon that's per year amount. On top of the things that we've -- the process of filing these solar programs. So that's really where we would turn to next. These 2 programs, if approved, would give us nice incremental renewables investment in solar, and I think gas disk could be the next place that we can -- that we will turn our attention and look forward to potentially some investments there as well. Again, our balance sheet, and our capacity for investment really gives us the opportunity to do these and ways that are good for customers and that are shareholder-friendly because of no need to issue equity by the company for any of our undertakings.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then one other question just on the -- you mentioned the RPM megawatts that cleared in the latest auction, and then you talked about the optionality of the ATDD sites being preserved. Could you maybe give a little more color on what you mean by that?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So we had about 9,000 megawatts clear, as I mentioned, that's the $167 million per megawatt per day price. We had announced, previously, plans to retire some megawatts that we had notified, the 283 megawatts of ICAP, and then we have the peakers that came online that I just mentioned that have already been called as I mentioned as well. We also had bid some of our capacity that did not clear, as you can tell from the totals, but remember some of that capacity is capacity that gives us flexibility to rebid in future auctions for the period, which you know if you bid in the current auction, if you don't clear what -- you reserve the optionality to bid in later auctions. In addition, we're looking at whether some of these ATDD units would still be valuable to the region of their ancillary capabilities like Black Star. So all of those things are things that we are looking at right now relative to those units.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So there's no new update on official coal retirement, so to speak?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, that's right. No new update on official retirements, that's -- we announced already the ones that we said we will retire. But because of where we are right now, we have optionality on these units for the future. But no update at this point if there are any future retirements, obviously you'd see that on the PJM website. Right now we like preserving this optionality for a while, and we have the ability to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually Jon Cohen. I'm stealing Greg's question, or borrowing it. I guess 2 questions, first of all, on that last point, can you tell us if there were any non-HID [ph] compliant megawatts that did clear? So in other words, plants that you plan on upgrading by 2015?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, no. So everything that cleared, I think, are the things that you would recognize in our discussion. Nothing like that.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the second question is on the sort of cost parity for Hudson and Mercer, you mentioned that $5 gas is required for those to be sort of bid in and clear on a base load basis. What is in the cost parity -- so at $3 gas, you're burning coal, and then not gas, is that correct? Does that mean that the cost of running those units at coal is now cheaper than running those units at gas?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. So I think it's just the opposite if you think about what was happening earlier this year with the Hudson and Mercer units, so I'm not talking Bridgeport here. Hudson and Mercer run on either gas or coal. So when we ran them earlier this year, we were running them on gas. Now for a large portion of the period, they didn't run because weather was pretty mild so they were running on gas. The comment that I was making is if you think about gas prices going up above $5, then when you do the parity for the economics for them to run, coal -- running on coal would be equivalent in the dispatch to running on gas because gas would be higher-priced. That's when we think about equivalence in their dispatch position. The fact that they were running -- that they've been running in July, as I mentioned, and running on coal, is not a function of that dispatch position parity but a function of the demand in the market given the weather and the prices and the need for more generation. So it's really 2 separate comments: One is they're running more on coal now because of the weather and the demand is there. The other is when you just think about them in a kind of neutral dispatch, not a weather pull of demand, the parity between gas and coal would be equivalent in slightly over $5 gas price environment.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I mean, I guess I asked my question poorly. If they're running on coal now, I mean, doesn't it be behoove you to bid in your lowest cost for the unit? So does that mean at whatever gas price is now, $3 gas, that dispatching coal is less expensive than dispatching on gas, on a cost per megawatt hour, your cost per megawatt hour?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right, all in. But exactly, we've always looked at the all-in best economics for the business.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from Andrew Gay with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Julien here. Caroline as you think strategically about the company I noticed the line with regards to LIPA expand the capabilities of the business. Is that kind of an indication that you're thinking about eventually broadening out the regulated business in any kind of meaningfully, I'm just thinking ala M&A but willing to interject whatever you think.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, I think LIPA was a great opportunity for us. Again, capitalizing on the reliability and the good work that the folks do at PSE&G. It obviously gave us the opportunity to bid and then ultimately win, which is terrific. There's a lot going on right now in the transition. We'll start in 2014 in LIPA. So as we think about opportunities at the Utility, I'd say they really are in 2 categories, but this first category LIPA is relatively small. As you know, the earnings opportunity from LIPA, as we've talked about before is about $0.03 a share starting in 2014. So ways to use those capabilities to expand beyond PSE&G with the capabilities we have in the company are always good. But I'd say as you think about the Utility and growing that business, we've been really pleased, frankly, with the organic growth results of that we've seen because, of course, they've come with getting -- providing shareholders with a regulated rate of return and doing it without paying a premium that would come from a Utility acquisition. Frankly, given where we are with PSE&G, where we've really doubled the size of Utility over the last few years, what I'd like now is that we continue to have more opportunities to grow the rate base. So we have a 13% CAGR in the rate base in our numbers through 2014. That doesn't include the solar programs we just announced, which would obviously be on top of that although the [indiscernible] time out the year for the spending profile, and the opportunity for more investments. So LIPA like things, as they come along, we'd always look at, but I think the real focus of the Utility is the organic growth that we have demonstrated and the significant opportunities we have for more organic growth with programs here that we know how to do, that we've demonstrated we can do well. and that improve reliability for the key customers in our service territory. So I think the balance is more to the organic. Opportunistic, we'll always be opportunistic. But organic has plenty of room to play out.
Kathleen A. Lally: Operator, we're at a full hour. But I'd like to turn the call over -- back to Caroline right now for some concluding comments.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, all, for your questions. I appreciate the chance to chat with you today. I'd just sum up by saying that we're very pleased with the ability that we have to proactively and aggressively invest our infrastructure to improve our reliability, improve the environment as our solar programs I hope demonstrate to you and improve our local -- and support local economy in terms of job creation. We've been pretty successful, I think, in focusing on operating successfully in an environment of low power prices for several years, and operating efficiency has improved and reliability remained strong. Our investment program continues to be supported by a strong balance sheet and regulatory mechanisms that provide our shareholders with the opportunity to earn reasonable, risk-adjusted returns and growth. And the energy markets, as you know, are in the midst of major transformation and we believe that at the end of the day, our actions and our opportunities place us in a strong position to meet the needs of customers, employees and shareholders. So with that, I thank you for your time and look forward to talking to you all again. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ashar Khan Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, May 2, 2012, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m., May 2, 2012 to May 16, 2012. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for participating in our call this morning. As you are aware, we released our first quarter 2012 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2012 is expected to be filed shortly. I won't go through the full disclaimer statements or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but as you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K or other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2012 of $0.85 per share, which equaled the operating earnings from 2011's first quarter. Our results for the first quarter are strong in the face of a continued sharp decline in the price of natural gas and a very mild winter. The date indicates that the first quarter of 2012 was the warmest since 1970, and that March of 2012 tied March of 1945 in terms of average temperature as the mildest March since 1895. Let me remind you, that this is the earliest the national weather service began keeping records.  And if you can follow all those years, that basically says this is the tie for first as the warmest March in history. So our results were very strong in the face of these headwinds. In a few minutes, Caroline will review our earnings in greater detail. At the end of the call, you will have an understanding of our first quarter and outlook and how we've been able to report better-than-expected earnings. As always, our competitiveness is greatly aided by our employees, who continued to perform at the top of their profession. At PSEG Power, this was exhibited in the quarter by our Fossil employees, who took cost control to a new level. The alignment of expenses with operations demonstrates their understanding of the need to control costs in the current price environment. The focus on operating efficiency and the increased availability from our combined cycle assets positions us well in the power markets.  Turning my attention to the utility. PSE&G's execution on its capital investment program, as it maintains a focus on meeting needs of its customers, is providing a growing source of earnings. PSE&G received good news in March from the National Park Service that identified our route for the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line as its preferred alternative for the portion of the line that runs through the Delaware Water Gap Recreational Area. This is the route that was approved by state regulators, including the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. A final decision is expected by October of this year.  This $790 million dollar project is scheduled to enter service in June 2015. We are awaiting the BPU's approval for the $390 million North Central transmission line. This line is scheduled to enter service in 2014. Over the next 3 years, PSE&G plans to invest $5.4 billion on transmission, as well as energy efficiency, solar power and upgrading the reliability of the distribution system. In addition to the obvious customer and shareholder benefits, these capital programs will provide important jobs and support the state's economy. PSEG Power is adding 270 megawatts of new peaking capacity at its Kearny station in June 2012, in place of older, less efficient capacity that it will retire. It will also be adding 130 megawatts of new peaking capacity in Connecticut.  The energy markets are in the midst of a major transformation. Today's low natural gas prices and the cost of meeting new environmental requirements will drive decision-making on the retirement of capacity. Capacity prices under PJM's reliability pricing model, or RPM, as it's most often referred to, reflect that markets have been well supplied. The upcoming PJM capacity auction should provide better insight into the future availability of supply.  We have been focused on operating in an environment of low power prices for several years. The recent collapse in natural gas prices has been greater than we would have expected. But the benefits from the strategy we have pursued are clear. Operating efficiency in our power plants has improved. At the same time, directing capital investments at PSE&G has reduced the impact of lower energy prices on our operating earnings, improved the contribution to earnings from our regulated business and improved service to customers, all the while lowering their bill. And we have a strong balance sheet to finance our growth objectives and provide our shareholders with a meaningful cash return with the opportunity for future growth. Our efforts continue to support our guidance for 2012's operating earnings of $2.25 to $2.50 per share.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline, who'll discuss our financials in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2012 of $0.85 per share versus operating earnings of $0.85 per share in last year's first quarter. Slide 4 provides a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. I'm sure you've noted the impact of taxes on our results and I will discuss these impacts, which relate to significant closure of 10 years of tax audits as we go through the numbers. As you can see on Slide 8, the contribution from PSE&G and Power to the quarter's operating earnings were similar. For the quarter, PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.39 per share, compared with $0.32 per share last year. Power reported operating earnings of $0.39 per share compared with $0.53 per share last year. PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise, or the parent, together contribute operating earnings of $0.07 per share compared with operating earnings of less than a $0.01 per share during the first quarter of 2011. So now I'll review each company in more detail, starting with Power.  As I just said, PSEG Power recorded operating earnings of $0.39 per share for the quarter of 2012 compared with operating earnings of $0.53 for the first quarter of 2011. Power's results in the first quarter were affected primarily by low gas prices, a very mild winter weather compared with more normal weather in the year-ago quarter, and a decline in realized energy and capacity prices. The output from Power's fleet declined 6.3% in the quarter. The reduction in output was heavily influenced by a lack of a normal winter, which Ralph just spoke about. Heating degree days, if you followed them, were approximately 21% below normal in the quarter and versus the year-ago quarter. Over all, this decline in volume reduced earnings by $0.02 per share quarter-over-quarter.  Production from the nuclear fleet increased slightly from very strong levels in the year-ago quarter with the fleet operating at an average capacity factor of 98.2% during the quarter and output from Power's combined cycle natural gas fleet increased 8.3% in the quarter. The combined cycle fleet's availability improved in the quarter and the fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 56.6% versus 52.9% in the year-ago period. The decline in the price of gas across the curve since the start of the year has been accompanied by an almost equal expansion in market heat rates and this improvement drives the economics of the combined cycle fleet. However, the coal fleet was rarely called upon during the quarter, and when our New Jersey coal units were dispatched, primarily Hudson, they were operating part of that time on gas.  Since our last update in February of 2012, the market price for gas has declined more sharply than the cost of coal. The discrepancy has further widened the cost of operating our coal unit on coal versus our gas units. In fact, gas would need to increase in price by approximately $3 per mcf or coal declined by $2 per mmBTU. When demand is evident therefore, it has become more economic to run the coal units on gas.  Lower realized pricing reduced earnings by $0.08 per share quarter-over-quarter. This reflects a reduction in the average price of our hedges and the impact of the sharp decline in the price of gas on wholesale power prices. The decline in price for gas has affected pricing in our regions, as well as our zones. This had an impact on our Eastern combined cycle units, which was offset by higher volumes and higher market spreads. A decline in average PJM capacity prices to $110 per megawatt-day on June 1, 2011, from $174 per megawatt-day, reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.07 per share. Keep in mind, the $110 per megawatt-day price roll off on June 1 of this year to be replaced by a weighted average price for our fleet of $152.60 per megawatt day.  Customer migration away from the BGS contract represented approximately 36% of BGS volumes in the quarter. This level of migration was in line with our expectations and compares with migration levels of 34% at the end of 2011. And we attribute approximately $0.04 per share of the reduction in Power's energy margin and earnings in the quarter to migration. Of this $0.04 total amount, an estimated $0.03 per share was the result of an expansion in headroom associated with the collapse in natural gas prices and the warmer than normal temperatures in this quarter. This headroom is expected to decline with the scheduled reduction in the BGS contract price on June 1, 2012.  For the year, we continue to forecast customer migration in the range of 36% to 40%. The decline in the pricing -- declining pricing in the quarter was partially offset by a reduction in Power's fuel costs, given increased reliance on natural gas. On average, Power's gross margins in the quarter declined to $46 per megawatt hour from last year's quarter of $55 per megawatt hour.  In response to the market conditions, Power has reduced the operating and maintenance expense at its fossil stations. This reduction in expense improved earnings in the quarter by $0.04 per share. You won't see the same improvement each quarter due to timing, but we do expect to capture most of that Q1 savings for the year. A decline in debt levels of Power coupled with the reduction in financing cost improved earnings comparisons quarter-over-quarter by $0.02 per share. And the absence of losses on wholesale energy contracts recognized in the year-ago quarter, more than offset the impact of lower volumes and prices on gas supply contracts and net, added $0.01 per share to earnings.  Power continues to forecast output for 2012 in the range of 53 to 54 terawatt hours. Output for the remainder of the year is approximately 70% to 75% hedged at an average hedge price of $59 per megawatt hour. For 2013, forecast output of 52 to 54 terawatt hours is approximately 55% to 60% hedged and has an average price of $53 per megawatt hour. We continue to forecast the slight improvement in outlook for 2014 with the range of 53 to 55 terawatt hours. Of this amount, approximately 20% to 25% is hedged at an average price of $55 per megawatt hour. I recall some questions last quarter about small changes to the terawatt hour forecast and since they do move a bit as we update our models, we've moved to giving a range which we think is a better way to look at these estimates since they do change over time.  Our forecast of Power's 2012 operating earnings remains at $575 million to $665 million. The year will be influenced by a decline in average realized energy prices. For the full year, capacity prices however, are expected to be flat with 2011 given the scheduled increase in capacity prices in June of this year that I just mentioned. Power's full-year results will also benefit from a decline in financing costs and continued strong control of operating and maintenance expenses.  Let's now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G, as shown on Slide 20, reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2012 of $0.39 per share compared with $0.32 per share for the first quarter of 2011. PSE&G's results in the quarter were influenced by higher transmission rates, increased investment levels, warmer than normal weather and an adjustment in tax for this quarter due to the settlement of the tax audit. An annualized increase in transmission formula rates of $94 million was effective on January 1 of this year and added $0.03 per share to earnings. The return on investments in energy efficiency, solar and infrastructure investment programs added $0.01 per share to earnings. Warmer than normal weather reduced electric and gas sales and lowered earnings by $0.02 per share.  As I mentioned earlier, winter weather was the warmest in our record. So obviously, warmer than 2011. In addition, weak economic conditions continue to have an impact on demand. In terms of weather normalized demand, PSE&G appears to experience about a 1.9% decline in electric sales during the quarter and weather normalized sales to gas customers declined about 0.7%, quarter-over-quarter. Our estimates of weather normalized demand are imprecise. It's difficult to determine whether the decline is related to the weather, if people just turn off their heat or is it somewhat of a function of conservation. The impact on earnings from this decline in demand is small given PSE&G's rate structure. Higher levels of capital investment led to an increase in depreciation expense, which reduced quarterly earnings comparison by $0.01 per share, higher operating and maintenance expense of $0.01 per share was offset by other miscellaneous items also, $0.01 per share in both net.  PSE&G's quarterly earnings also benefited from lower tax expense and this added $0.06 per share to earnings. The decrease in PSE&G's effective tax rate was due primarily to tax audit settlements with the IRS, which covered all audit issues for a 10-year period, 1997 to 2006. The estimated full-year impact on earnings from these settlements was all recognized in the first quarter. PSE&G recognized less revenue and therefore, less gross margin in the first quarter of 2012 under the gas weather normalization clause than would have been expected given the mild winter. The clause, which has a bottom line earnings test, was somewhat limited by the impact of the reduction in taxes on the company's earned return on equity. The gas weather normalization clause, which we've talked about before, allows PSE&G to accrue revenues based on the impact of weather, up to its authorized return on equity of 10.3%. If the reduction in taxes from the audit settlements didn't occur, we would have been able to accrue additional revenue under the gas weather normalization clause, resulting in the same operating earnings for our Gas business.  We estimate that approximately $0.03 per share would have been available to us under the gas weather normalization clause, had there been no tax settlement compared with the $0.06 per share proven in earnings associated with the reduction in taxes. Effectively, the other $0.03 per share was allocated to the Electric business.  You may want to keep this in mind as you think about utility earnings opportunity under the gas weather normalization clause as you do your modeling. It's still correct to model gas margin generally consistent with normal weather as you think ahead to the next heating season. As Ralph mentioned, the National Park Service issued a preliminary decision in March that identified our route for the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line as a preferred alternative. The preliminary assessment was supported by the proposed mitigation offered by PSE&G and PPL Energy.  We've updated our estimated capital cost for the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line to reflect changes in a number of factors. S-R is now forecast to cost up to $790 million from our prior estimate of up to $750 million. We continue to forecast PSE&G's operating earnings for 2012 will fall within the $530 million to $560 million range. Results for the full year will be influenced by an increase in transmission rates. In addition, for the full year, we continue to forecast an increase in operation and maintenance expense as compared to the prior year. The increase is associated with higher pension costs and transmission-related expenditures, and keep in mind that the forecast increase in transmission O&M is factored into our estimate of revenue requirements under the formula rate treatment.  Let me now turn to PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise. PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise reported operating earnings of $39 million or $0.07 per share compared with operating earnings of $1 million during the first quarter of 2011. The improvement in operating earnings is due to the settlement with the Internal Revenue Service of the cross-border lease transactions for all tax years, and the settlement of all federal audit issues for tax years 1997 through 2006. A reduction in the effective tax rate improved operating earnings by $38 million or $0.08 per share. A small reduction in leased earnings in 2012's first quarter at Holdings was approximately equal to a small asset impairment recognized in 2011's first quarter.  The reduction in tax has occurred earlier in the year than expected, but is in line with the full-year guidance we provided on our Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and was the primary driver behind our forecasted improvement in PSEG Energy Holding and Enterprise operating earnings expectations for the full-year of $35 million to $45 million. PSEG had established conservative financial statement tax reserves with respect to the tax years covered by the settlement, which were greater than the actual and very substantial increase in taxes and interest associated with the final agreement. We expect the effective tax rate for the full year to be closer to 37% to 38% versus the 30% tax rate in the first quarter, which of course, reflects the settlements.  The conclusion of the tax audits and settlement of the cross-border lease transactions will result in a net return of approximately $170 million in cash. We're extremely pleased that we were able to come to agreement on the substance of tax issues for this period of time. PSEG Energy Holdings and Enterprise now remains focused on the development of its $75 million investment in the 25-megawatt solar plant in Arizona scheduled for operation later this year. The operation of its existing solar plant at Holdings as well as the integration of the LIPA contract, which you'll recall is scheduled to start in 2014.  The business team also continues its focus on and management of its legacy domestic lease portfolio. Finally, a word on financing. Our capital position remains strong. We ended the quarter with $931 million of cash on the balance sheet and debt represented 40% of our capitalization. We've made our planned contributions for 2012 to the pension and other postretirement benefit programs totaling $135 million, and we replaced $1.5 billion of credit facilities at Power and $475 million at PSEG that were set to expire in December of this year with $1.6 billion and $500 million respectively, both of which now don't expire until December of 2017.  With the end of March, our credit capacity in total was $4.3 billion. Our capital position and forecast of earnings and cash flows place us in a strong position to finance our $6.7 billion capital program through 2013, and provides the ability to expand our capital expenditures without any new equity issuance.  As Ralph said, we continue to forecast operating earnings for the full year of $2.25 to $2.50 per share.  That concludes my comments, and I'll now turn the call back over to Alvis to open the lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just to clarify then, when you originally gave guidance for 2012, you were expecting the tax benefits to be roughly $0.14 per share, so that was already incorporated into the original guidance that you gave for this year, right?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So let me just clarify how to think about that relative to guidance. So as I mentioned when we talked about the holdings and enterprise guidance, as you may recall, when we gave that guidance it was higher than the guidance we've given in the prior year even though we've done some things obviously to terminate some leases. So that was effectively reflecting a range of our expectations of possible overall settlements with the IRS for the tax years including LILO/SILO and everything else in that period. Related to the remainder that I talked about related to PSE&G, which is where most of the rest of the tax related events occurred. We forecast a range of things for many things whether it's tax or O&M, certainly, we had some thoughts relative to where things stood with the 10 years of open audits, but I would say you should think about it not as explicitly incorporating a particular number. It's really a range of things as we think about tax versus anything else and keep in mind when you go into PSE&G's numbers, that $0.06 that ended up occurring for PSE&G for taxes, $0.03 of that if it hadn't happened for tax, would have been there for you through the weather normalization clause. So one just substitutes for the other for the same bottom-line. So when I pull that apart, I look at Enterprise and Holdings and say there was a range of what we hopefully would see in the final tax settlement. When you go into PSE&G, $0.03 of those $0.06 would have been there with weather normalization, so you're really only looking at what we were trying to range around $0.03, maybe a little less as we were thinking about guidance that was different from what you would've expected. We're actually quite happy, frankly, to have 10 years of audits closed at this point and earlier in the year than we thought it might have occurred.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And my second question would be just based on the types of margins that we've seen out of New England and New York recently, is the company current -- should we assume that the company is currently losing money on the New York and the New England investments?
Ralph Izzo: Carol and I are staring at each other, Paul. No, that's not the case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just to make sure I understand the weather normalization correctly. It affects the first quarter results, do they look at a full-year number also so that if you're under-earning over the course of the year, maybe some of that tax benefit gets spread out over more quarters or is it just a quarter-specific adjustment and the $0.03 of loss tax benefit is effectively lost for good?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. So let me just describe a little bit how the weather normalization clause works, Dan. The weather normalization clause looks at the earnings over a winter season. So it starts late in the prior year and goes through May of this year. And so what you look at is the total amount of how the weather is in terms of being above or below normal and then you either accrue if you are below normal in terms of what your earnings would be, in other words, if it's warmer than normal, or you defer recognition if you've collected in excess if the weather is significantly colder than normal. And so, when you look at that, you look at it over a period, over a season, and you true up as you go through the season, which starts in October of the prior year and go through May of the current year. So as we've looked at what we were accruing relative to weather normalization, we were accruing a little bit. We have accrued a little bit under the weather normalization clause to date during the season, because the weather has been milder than normal all the way through the winter season starting in October. So we've accrued a few pennies year-to-date through the weather normalization clause. Now, because we have the tax settlement, it would -- basically it did not allow us to accrue all of the amount we would've been able to accrue because the first quarter was so warm. There was a little bit of accrual that occurred late last year, a little bit of accrual, but not as much as we would've otherwise been able to accrue because the weather was so warm. The other piece to keep in mind, that I mentioned in my remarks, is when you do all of this math and you have a, for example, a warmer than normal season, you get to accrue but you don't always get to accrue 100% to normal weather, you are stopped by earning of the 10.3%. So when I described kind of where we were, I mentioned that we didn't accrue $0.03 that we would've otherwise accrued because the tax settlement because that help us get to the 10.3% sooner. If we haven't had tax, we would've accrued $0.03 and we would've stopped because we would've been at the 10.3%. So it's a full season test, starts in the -- really the way to think about it is the late fall, goes through May. And then any true ups that you need in terms of whether -- if you're collecting, get collected in cash in the subsequent period as to any returns of cash if you over-collect them.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess just looking at the coal generation fleet, and kind of the sustained low performance and the huge amount of commodity price that would have to happen to make those plans economic, seemingly. Where are you guys on the coal -- your purchase obligation perspective, where the inventories sit and is there more restructuring that needs to be done from a dispatch or a cost perspective as you kind of look at the forward curve right now?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. So we certainly have plenty of coal onsite and offsite storage. You may recall, we restructured the Adaro contract last year so that it no longer has a fixed commitment. It is a calculated price, which will always be effectively a little bit below market that goes out through 2016, but we no longer have a penalty for canceling shipment so we no longer have to actually take coal. We do have some purchase commitments for coal and related transportation that go through 2013, and we're in the process of trying to renegotiate some of those.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is there going to be -- should we -- you look out at the curb, is this the right expectation both from a cost structure perspective, the costs you've taken out from the coal fleet and the dispatch perspective for the rest of this year and maybe '13 as you look out?
Ralph Izzo: So we've tried to give the total generation numbers for '13, Dan. I think what Caroline tried to play out before is that the $0.04 that we had in Q1, we should not think of that as $0.16 for the year, but by the same token, it wasn't all $0.04 of timing and we think we'll be able to retain most, if not, all of those savings.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And of course, folks have been looking out, as they think about the longer term, in terms of trying to make permanent, somebody's kinds of operational changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You had a good development on Susquehanna-Roseland with the Park Service recent development. In your mind, does that put the degree of risk that the project won't meet targeted timing at a very low risk level? How do you think about sort of execution risk now that you continue to make more progress there?
Ralph Izzo: So we've posted to PJM that we expect the in service date to be June of 2015 and throughout that posting, we anticipate the Parks Department's decision of October of this year. So we still look to be on track to that, Steven. If that permit is delayed, any significant amount of time at that point, we would revisit the in-service date. But right, now all systems are the same as they've been for probably the better part of the last 6 to 9 months or so.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And just going back to -- I know there's been a couple of questions on the coal units. As I think about Hudson and Mercer, we've seen other companies thinking about just the economic viability of some of the coal units and I'm just curious what those units, the dispatch is obviously currently very low with low gas and low demand through the wintertime. Is there a situation under which those units would be considered not economically viable and shut down candidates, or is that relatively unlikely under sort of any scenario that you can think of?
Ralph Izzo: I think that you never say never, right? Because there's always some sort of business one can envision. However, we've always benefited from fuel diversity. The CapEx at those units is behind us. Still, we're pretty confident that given a return of normal demand, which was anything but the last 6 months, and some modest cooperation of prices that those units will be quite ready, willing and available to meet the needs of the customers in this space.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And as I said, in different periods of when they run, this quarter, although it hasn't been very often, because they have the fuel flexibility, they can run on gas and gas is more economic to run on than coal, so that gives us even a little more than you would have with a normal coal unit.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so I guess the capacity factor was 2% for the New Jersey coal and gas units?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, it's pretty low. Remember, there was no demand from this such unusually mild winter.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. And just lastly, just anything new in terms of the ATDD units in terms of discussions with regulators or otherwise?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So relative to those units, I think you remember because we've talked about that and given out that information relative to having given some notice for some of the units that we plan to retire, which we talked about, about 400 megawatts. For the remainder of the megawatts, which you may recall we've talked about and we've given the data on, there's about 1,200 megawatts that are water injected and another 400 megawatts that we also identified on older peakers. We continue to evaluate them. We really haven't nothing more to say relative to we're thinking about them, what we said before. We continue to look at alternatives for those units but nothing else to signal at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the mark-to-market of about $52 million, is that going to be -- I mean, will that be realized in 2012 or will some of that show up next year? How should we think about that gain?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So you're talking about the mark-to-market in the reconciliation page, right? Related --
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right, on Page 11, Slide 11.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Forward positions, right. So that will be realized over time in our numbers, and keep in mind we factor that in as we think about the net effect of our hedges as they roll off in '12 and '13. So you've got piece of that rolling off in '12 and a small piece of it rolling off in '13. Most of it rolls off in '12 but keep in mind, it's embedded in our numbers because it reflects the market value of our hedges. Given where the market prices are at this point in time, that changes as you've seen it change in various quarters as the market prices change. Eventually, those hedges mature, they come out and sort of get zeroed out of the mark-to-market and come above the line.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Sure. And then with respect to this market monitor filing yesterday, basically asking that the MOPR test be applied differently than a generator, they don't -- an unnamed generator. It mentions that if they don't get a response by FERC by the 11th, that they might delay the auction results. Or they might request that the auction results are delayed. What is your sense about the timing of something like this having -- just any sense perceivably about how quickly FERC might actually act on this?
Ralph Izzo: All we're aware of is that, as you know in RPM, there are a series of exemptions for very different types of technologies in terms of MOPR requirements, solar, wind. And what I think is in play now is a question regarding fuel cells, which are going to be a tiny, tiny portion of what RPM is all about. So I am unaware of any desire to delay RPM results for the possibility that a couple of megawatts of fuel cells may want to bid in. But we'll find out soon after this call. There's nothing different that's occurred there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then finally on the sales growth weather adjusted of 1.9% decline. You mentioned that obviously, with the weather, it's a kind of tricky business. Could you give us any sense as to just sort of if you could elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing. Is that weather normalized demand and just whether or not the leap year is in that 1.9% decline or not?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So relative to the weather normalized demand, and as we always say, it's a little more art than science. It appears from what we see that the decline in the weather normalized demand on the electric side was driven a little bit more by the commercial and the industrial relative to the residential and sometimes that moves around. Obviously, difficult employment situation in difficult economic situation and Jersey might not be that much of a surprise. Not as much by the residential, which was less than a percentage point weather normalized. So it's really more of what you see what's going on with C&I. And then on the gas side of course, it wasn't that much weather normalized.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yes. But is there a leap year impact in there or does that include the impact of the leap year or should we exclude -- I mean, should we back that out of the number?
Caroline D. Dorsa: The total number of kilowatt hours of therms usually include the leap year just because it has the extra day. Didn't do the math to back that out and I'm not sure that would be really significant but it would be the total amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: I just had a question, Carolyn, on the IRS refund. You said $170 million, did you receive that yet or that's expected later this year or not until April of next year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So, no, we haven't received it yet, just to be direct on that. We have not received it yet, we just finalized the settlement, and I think we've talked about this before when we were talking about things like LILO/SILO. But of course now, we have everything, LILO/SILO together with all the 10 years of tax audits. The number I cited is net, so that is the net of the refund for the 10 years of tax audits plus the incremental effect of having settled LILO/SILO for all years, which means it goes beyond 2006. It's LILO/SILO all the way through the lease terminations of 2010. So what we're in the process of working on right now with the IRS is to, if you will, kind of effectively net, although it won't all be in 1 number, effectively net the fact that we've got some -- we've got audit related settlements for all issues for 10 years, plus the pull-through if you will, of LILO/SILO for the remaining 4 years after that. And when I talk about the $170 million, I'm talking about the net impact of all of those things. Since the IRS has not audited all the years through 2010, what we're working on is have them effectively sort of break out LILO/SILO because remember, we terminated a whole bunch, all of our leases, right, in '09 and '10. And those leases, we paid those termination payments based on the receipts from the counter parties. So now that we're settling LILO/SILO, some of those payments for terminations need to come back to us. So for the long-winded way of saying, it's not a single dollar amount in 1 check that we expect to get but we're working on trying to get them to accelerate finishing all the things they need to do to recognize the refund that they owe us on the terminations and I would hope to be able to have all of that done and have the net number in our hands either this year or early next year.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: And then are other -- any other pieces remaining to be resolved in terms of lease terminations or anything else?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. In fact, what we did with the IRS is what I characterize as 2 separate settlements. One was the settlement of the audit years, 1997 through 2006 for everything for the enterprise. There was a separate and distinct settlement that settled and finalized the treatment of LILO/SILO-related leases for every year that they appear in our tax returns, all the way out through the end of the termination. So there on LILO/SILO, absolutely nothing and that is in dispute now with the IRS.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then just finally on Hudson, what kind of heat rate do you have on that plant when you're running it as a gas plant?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Including about '10 and '11, it's about a half turn on heat rate loss when you run the coal plant on gas.
Ralph Izzo: Alvis, before we go to the next question, I just -- thinking out loud, Paul Patterson, your question about MOPR and complaint by Joe Bower [ph], the only other thing we can think of is that it is possible that several people have been filing requests for below MOPR treatment. In particular, those beneficiaries of the standard offer contract agreements under LCAPP and we're not proving to any specific information on whether or not they were granted below MOPR prices and perhaps that could be part of what is being debated at FERC. But we don't have any more information on that at this point in time. In addition to the fuel cell, which we do have information on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That is the issue by the way that something was -- the market monitor filed something last night to FERC regarding a agreement with one of the parties on that. So that's I think, what Paul was referring to. But I actually don't have a question on that. I have a question on your CCGT capacity factors. I'm actually a little surprised that they are not higher. We've seen a number of PJM-based CCGT's into the like 70s and 80s this quarter on capacity factor and I'm just curious, is that a function of basis issues our congestion issues, is that a function of being more in the East or what -- why didn't it actually move more?
Ralph Izzo: I think it's because there was just no demand, Steve. We were seeing days where nukes were carrying the whole load without any problems.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Because, I mean, that obviously was the same issue in Western PJM and we're seeing them in the 70s and 80s. So maybe just different market because there's more gas and less coal in your area.
Ralph Izzo: And also, we have a higher percentage of nukes in our area and we do have a higher percentage of gas. I think both of those were conspired to give the mid-50s number that we see versus what you're seeing elsewhere.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then also, curious what you're seeing on basis in PJM, both this quarter and for the -- on the forward curves.
Ralph Izzo: So I think in this quarter, we have seen some negative basis but the fourth curve is showing more $3 to $4, which is lower than we'd seen to start.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right.
Ralph Izzo: Which is lower than we've seen historically.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Positive $3 or $4?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Positive $3, right. Both on average days as Ralph said, workings were negative and of course that relates, specifically what was going with demand with the warm weather, but we continue to think about the low levels of positive basis in the forecast period.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And one other question. We did see that the commission, I guess, finally approved a surcharge for the water utilities. It might have just been yesterday.
Ralph Izzo: Yes it was.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is there -- are you starting to -- is there any movement already to look at doing that on gas and electric?
Ralph Izzo: So the answer to that is yes and I believe 1 New Jersey gas utility has already put in a filing and we think the combination of what took place with water and how the staff is viewing the other filing that coming from the gas utility has allowed us to have conversations with the staff prior to submitting our filing about the types of things they like and would rather -- and as well as the types of things that they would rather not see into a filing. So I would describe what you're seeing as progress in terms of infrastructure clauses and we're factoring all that into our preparation for our own filing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Just to go over the year's tax items. Is it fair to assume we should not expect any more of these items for the remaining 3 quarters in your assumptions for the year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Ashar, yes. So as I mentioned, we settled 10 years of tax audits and also the LILO/SILO matter. That's the entirety of what you should expect us to settle in terms of IRS audits for the year. You know they've been outstanding for quite a while so when I gave the expectations for the full year effective tax rate to be about 37% to 38% for Enterprise, think of it as including the impact of everything recognized this first quarter for all the audit settlements bringing us to 30% with the subsequent 3 quarters being a more normal tax rate, which for us, is running the range of 40.5% to 41%, that's where you get the weighted average effect. But you're correct, there's nothing else to assume that would be unusual or different for tax for the rest of the year. It's really just because all the audits landed in this quarter.
Ashar Khan: And then the way you described the gas thing, the way that you kind of mentioned is that out of the $0.06, we can really look at $0.03 as being normal, right? Because if you hadn't had that, your gas earnings would have been higher by $0.03 anyway. Do you get a chance to get the remaining $0.03 as well as the year goes along, or is $0.03 the maximum that you could have earned under the clause on a normalized basis, which got impacted by this $0.06?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. So let me just repeat that because I think you haven't obviously have the $0.03 right. Let me just identify how I would characterize it. The $0.03 that we got for tax that relates to gas effectively substituted for $0.03 that you would have seen, using this pre-tax equivalent in the gross margin line for gas. The bottom line operating earnings for the gas business is the same in this quarter as they would've been if we hadn't had the IRS settlement. You would've just had a different geographies if you will, on the P&L. You would have had the pretax equivalent of $0.03 on the gas weather normalization clause in margin. Instead, you have a lower margin in gas than you would otherwise have. You have a tax benefit and you have the very same bottom line operating earnings for the Gas business, whether we had the settlement or we didn't have the settlement. So that's the way I would encourage you to think about it. In terms of was there more that we could otherwise do, that's not related at all to tax. That's related to the gas business and having its overall earnings tax for 10.3%. And so, when you bump up against that 10.3%%, whether you have a little bit of warmer weather then you wouldn't be able to book anymore. So we've booked the maximum up to 10.3% now. It just happened in this quarter, that instead of booking it the way you would normally expect us to book it, which is on the gross margin line, we book it through the tax line. But the bottom line effect is the same for the operating earnings for the business for this quarter.
Ashar Khan: Okay and if I can just end up that discussion, so as we look up for comparability purposes going forward this year going to next, can we say like about $0.10 of this tax is something which would not repeat itself going forward into the next fiscal year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. So I'd say -- and this, Ashar, one way to think about it is the Holdings and Enterprise, that total $39 million for this quarter, is effectively the result of the 10-year audit settlements. And as I said, obviously, we don't settle audits like that all the time. So I would think of that as things that you would necessarily -- you wouldn't see us having in Enterprise and Holdings guidance for the subsequent year. Related to PSE&G, as I said, $0.03 of what happened for tax would otherwise be substituted for by gas weather normalization and then you've got about this $0.03 that was everything else for PSE&G for the 10 years of tax, which again, you wouldn't think of in the subsequent years because we wouldn't be guiding to assume tax audit settlements.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with Konolige Research.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: So you were -- I wanted, Caroline, to review. You talked a little bit about the O&M savings that we were seeing at Power and I didn't quite catch your reference. Should we -- did you say that we shouldn't expect this level of O&M savings going forward?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Kit. So what I said on the remarks was we have $0.04 savings on a quarter-over-quarter basis for Power's O&M. But of course, we have things like timing. So for example, of course how quicker than this outage right now and of course there's incremental spend when there are things like outages. So what I was signaling was you wouldn't expect to see us having O&M savings quarter-over-quarter of the extent to which we had in the first quarter, but our target is to have most of the $0.04 savings that we saw in this quarter carry through on a full-year basis, to be better than our prior expectations. But you're not going to see $0.03, $0.04 kind of savings every quarter through the year. So the target is, we have $0.04 I'm going to keep most of it as we go from a full-year basis, but don't assume that replication every quarter.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: And can -- did you revise your thinking at all as a result of this level of O&M savings in the quarter for how you're tracking for the year on overall profitability, given market conditions at Power?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we haven't changed anything relative to our expectations for the full year, if that's where you're going. I think if you think about the other things that we just talked about in terms of lower generation given the weather and low gas prices, kind of extraordinarily low gas prices. I think it's too soon being in the first quarter and obviously, coming into the shoulder season and before the Summer, to change any full-year expectations at this point in time.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I wanted to ask a question about the head rule. You mentioned that you're still actually considering your options with regards to any CapEx spending. I find it a little bit surprising given the fact that we have the PJM capacity auction next week. Wouldn't you be actually bidding some of this CapEx into the auction?
Ralph Izzo: So, Angie, you're actually right, the auction is next week so we're not going to comment on what we are on bidding, what we might bid as a CapEx improvement for environmental reasons or what we might do otherwise. It's just a highly competitive auction and we'll all know what the outcome is in 16 days.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Secondly, the price, the hedged price for your 2014 output has come down even though the percentage hasn't changed and the output, the projected output hasn't changed. What happened there?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So in the hedge price for 2014, keep in mind that when we put together the hedge prices for each of the periods, they include both BGS and non-BGS. And you may recall, we've talked about before that when we put the hedge prices in for BGS, we take the full BGS price, we exclude capacity since we talk about capacity separately. And then the remainder of the BGS price, including some of the things that are essentially cost pass-throughs like transmission and green as well as premium, which is not a cost pass through, coming to that hedge price calculation. When we put in other like flat lock and West Hub hedges, they go in primarily just at an energy price. So in 2014, if you're recalling, what we had last quarter when we talked about the 2014 hedges, were at about $57 versus $55. At that point, having just come out of BGS and having not done very hedging for 2014, BGS was coming close to about 70% of that total number of hedges for 2014. Now that we've layered on some additional, if you go back and look at our numbers last year's first quarter, you can see exactly the same pattern. Now that the BGS is essentially done for the year in terms of its effect on 2014, you layer in other hedges that are West Hub, flat lock type hedges and you'll naturally see that number come down because the new hedges that go in don't have the BGS cost pass-throughs in them. So BGS has come down to be just a little more than 1/2 of that number now versus 70% and everything that comes in normally as you would expect, comes in at a net lower price than BGS. So that's all that's going on there, nothing sort of disorienting in terms of market price, just a normal weighted average mix of BGS with everything else.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: But using that rationale, wouldn't you see an increase in the percentage of output hedge?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, so remember we're talking about a range here of the 20% to 25%. And so you're going from being at the lower end with the higher end still within the range because there's very little that's -- we're still in low numbers for 2014's hedges.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: And then the last question, what is the normal -- what are the normalized sales growth embedded in your utility assumptions for this year?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we typically assume normal weather and then for overall growth, boy, it's really pretty small. It's just slightly less than 1% on the weather normalized basis, consistent with, if you look at long-term forecast, for example, from PJM as part of the RTEP, they took that down this year to be less than 1% if I recall correctly, it's like 0.8%. We typically follow those sorts of guidelines for our weather normalized forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to go back to the earned ROE at PSE&G. Apart from that tax and the weather normalization at Gas, are there other areas where you're outperforming and thus  [Audio Gap]  earning higher ROE's than you'd expect?
Ralph Izzo: No but we would encourage you, Travis, to realize that the utility is regulated at the 10.3% on the distribution side and 11.68% in general for formula rates on the transmission side with a couple of exceptions. Those exceptions being the Susquehanna-Roseland line, which I think is 150 basis points on top of that, and the Northeast Grid project, which is 125 basis points on top of it. So if you do the weighted averaging, it will all add up. So if transmission comes out to be north of 11.68% and distribution stays at that 10.3%.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then all that net gets to a 10.3%...
Ralph Izzo: No. See, if you do 11.68% for transmission, I think transmission is about a 1/3 or 40% of the rate base nowadays and then you, then weight the distribution so it's in the 10.3%.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right and then the transmission --
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So on distribution side, is there anything other than that tax issue that helps you earn that 10.3% right now?
Ralph Izzo: I mean, yes a pretty good cost control and a fair regulatory treatment on capital recovery for expanded distribution programs that we have underway allow us to sustain near that 10.3%.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: How are we thinking about next rate case timing given that you've done a good job earning that allowed ROE?
Ralph Izzo: We don't forecast far into the future but you won't hear anything about that between now and the next call, I can guarantee you that for sure. We don't see it in the near term.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, operator. I think with that we'll conclude the call and I'm going to turn it over to Ralph for some concluding remarks.
Ralph Izzo: So we talked a lot about taxes understandably, so and trying to understand the weather normalization clause. But I hope through all that, what you've seen is a very strong quarter and presumably, it speaks for itself, particularly in light of the headwinds that we've seen. I often take these opportunities to highlight the performance of our employees but I must give special recognition to our Fossil team. Not just for the last quarter but the last few years. These are a group of folks who have broadened our back end technologies, a well over $1 billion capital program on schedule and on budget, something we don't highlight. That have also put in 400 megawatts of peakers not only on budget but a year ahead of schedule for one of those peakers. And the adjusted O&M numbers this quarter to complicate for what's been going on in the marketplace as Caroline has mentioned, contributing $0.04 most of which, we expect to hold onto. It's just a superb job by our folks in the Fossil organization. So thank you, to everyone who's on the call, for joining us today and hopefully, we'll see you all soon at the various venues that we expect to be attending. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ashar Khan Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I am your event operator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, today, Thursday, February 23, 2012, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern on March 1, 2012. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally, please go ahead, ma'am.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Brent, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for participating this morning in our earnings call. As you are aware, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments are posted on our website, which is www.pseg.com, under the Investor section. We also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 is expected to be filed shortly. I won't go through the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you read all those comments contained in our slides and on our website.  The disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements details the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, unless required by applicable securities laws. We also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help shareholders understand the trends in our performance.  I am now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and CEO of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for their questions, and we do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thanks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen and thanks everyone for joining us today on this call. Earlier this morning we reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. Our operating earnings of $0.47 per share in the fourth quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $2.74 per share at the upper end of our guidance for the year of $2.50 to $2.75 per share and consistent with what we shared with you on our last quarterly call.  Despite challenging conditions, the past year was one of significant accomplishment as we made progress in our investments designed to continually improve New Jersey's energy infrastructure. We received approval to extend and renew the Nuclear Regulatory Commission operating licenses for our Hope Creek and Salem stations. Performance at our new nuclear facilities remained strong. Hope Creek exceeded its best annual generation in 2011 by operating at a 98.7% capacity factor.  Extension of what we call the operating excellence model that has been in place at Power's nuclear fleet has been applied to the operational Power's fossil fleet, which resulted in improved availability and record generation. The availability of 3,200 megawatts of natural gas combined cycle capacity overcame weakness in our coal-fired generation, once again highlighting both the benefits of the fleet's fuel diversity and our efforts to run the fleet with the maximum efficiency.  Our employees performed heroically in responding to 2 of the most devastating storms in PSE&G's history. an accomplishment that was saluted by state and municipal officials, as well as customers, demonstrating what we have seen so many times before, that our people remain the foundation of our success.  In the face of lower natural gas prices, we are not standing still. We made significant progress in our capital programs, investing $2.1 billion in 2011 as we near completion of 400 megawatts of new peaking capacity in New Jersey and Connecticut while major transmission projects that will modernize the Northeast grid remain on track for service in 2014 and 2015.  Our $750 million Susquehanna-Roseland transmission project, which we are building in conjunction with PPL Energy is scheduled to be in-service in June of 2015. Our other major transmission projects, North Central Reliability and Northeast Grid Reliability, are undergoing siding approval and is scheduled to be in-service in 2014 and 2015, respectively.  We also received approval at year end for incentive rate treatment on the $895 million Northeast Grid project, which includes a 25-basis-point adder to our normal formula rate authorized return on equity. These investments support our local economy with jobs, they support our customers with an improvement in system reliability and, with the operation of the Northeast Grid, a reduction in congestion, and they benefit our shareholders by providing fair and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on capital.  We also received approval in New Jersey in 2011 to spend an additional $368 million on improving the reliability of our electric and gas distribution systems and to expand investment in energy efficiency programs. We've also increased our interest in solar with the $75 million investment in a 25-megawatt facility located in Arizona that will go into service later this year. This investment, as with our prior solar investments outside the Utility, is supported by a long-term power purchase agreement with a creditworthy counterparty.  Our reputation for reliability opened new business opportunities. We were awarded a 10-year contract by the Long Island Power Authority to manage their electric transmission and distribution system. The contract is effective beginning in January 2014. We have 2 years to prepare. I have no doubt our team will dedicate themselves to making this a success.  These operational and capital investment success stories have been accompanied by a strong and improving balance sheet and a reduction in risk.  We have reached an agreement with the Internal Revenue Service that resolves all tax-related issues with regard to our LILO/SILO leases in a manner consistent with our expectations. We have also reached a settlement with Dynegy and we continue to monetize holdings portfolio of assets. Unfortunately, these accomplishments won't shield PSEG from the impact of lower natural gas prices on wholesale power markets. We are introducing operating earnings guidance for 2012 of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. The contribution to earnings from our regulated business is expected to grow year-over-year. However, it will not be enough to offset the impact of lower power prices on Power's earnings and our consolidated results.  PSE&G is forecast to contribute 45% to 2012's operating earnings compared with 38% in 2011 and 25% as recently as 2008. The increased contribution to earnings from our more stable, regulated business as well as the continued strength of Power's cash flow and Power's strong credit metrics provided the support for our Board of Directors' recent decision to increase the indicated annual dividend rate of the common dividend 3.6% to $1.42 per share from $1.37 per share. The decision represents a reset of the common dividend and a revision of our dividend policy. We will pay out a greater percentage of earnings as dividends under the new policy. You can expect future increases in the dividend based on growth from our regulated business and cash flow at power.  We are keenly aware of the importance you place in the dividend as a critical part of the return you expect from an investment in PSEG. The board's action represents the 105th year that PSEG has indicated will pay a dividend. We are proud of our record of returning cash to our shareholders and recognize the importance of maintaining a strong financial position that supports both the common dividend and our investment plans for growth.  Our focus on environmental responsibility has also positioned us well for the future. The delay in the implementation of the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, often referred to as CSAPR, along with lower prices for natural gas has had a negative impact on power prices since the start of the year. We don't believe current power prices fully reflect the impact of the cost of meeting new environmental requirements and we would expect over time to see a response in the marketplace. We believe the progress we have made on our operational, capital investment and financial goals will take us through this period of low power prices and provide for sustainable growth in value over the long term.  I will now turn the call over to Caroline for more details on our results and will be available to answer your questions at the close of the call.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.47 per share versus operating earnings of $0.60 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Our earnings for the quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $2.74 per share versus operating earnings of $3.12 per share last year. These results were at the upper end of our 2011 operating earnings guidance of $2.50 to $2.75 per share.  On Slide 4, we have provided you with a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter.  As you can see on Slide 10, PSEG Power provides the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.27 per share compared with $0.42 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.19 per share up from $0.16 per share last year. PSEG Energy Holdings contributed a small loss in operating earnings compared with operating earnings of $0.01 per share in the year-ago quarter and the parent company reported earnings of $0.01 per share compared with earnings of $0.01 per share in last year's fourth quarter.  We've provided you with waterfall charts on Slide 11 and Slides 12 and 13 that take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year operating earnings by major business. I'll now review each company in more detail starting with Power.  As shown on Slide 16, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.27 per share compared with $0.42 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year operating earnings to $1.67 per share, Power's full year 2011 results were at the upper end of guidance for the year.  Power's results in the fourth quarter were affected primarily by a quarter-over-quarter decline in realized energy and capacity prices. Recall that capacity prices declined to $110 per megawatt day on June 1 of 2011 from the prior $174 per megawatt day. The decrease in capacity revenues reduced Power's earnings in the quarter by $0.07 per share.  A decline in energy prices under the Basic Generation Service, or BGS, contract to $94.30 per megawatt hour also effective on June 1, 2011, from the prior contract price of $111.50 per megawatt hour, as well as migration and other re-contracting reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.05 per share.  Demand in the 2011 fourth quarter was affected by above normal temperatures, which compared unfavorably with below normal temperatures in the year-ago quarter. A 4.8% decline in volume lowered earnings comparisons by about $0.01 a share. Higher depreciation expense and lower capitalized interest reduced Power's earnings by $0.02 per share.  Power reduced its debt in the fourth quarter with the early redemption of $600 million of senior notes due in June of 2012. The premium paid on the early extinguishment of debt resulted in higher other expense in the quarter and reduced earnings by $0.02 per share.  An increase in operating and maintenance expense reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. And included in Power's operating and maintenance expense in the fourth quarter is a onetime cost of $0.03 per share associated with the cancellation and renegotiation of a major contractual arrangement for parts and services at our combined cycle facilities.  The renegotiated services agreement is expected to yield net savings starting immediately in 2012 and will contribute to Power's efforts to control growth in O&M over the long term. Other miscellaneous items added $0.01 per share to earnings.  Customer migration away from the BGS contract represented an estimated 34% of BGS volumes at year end. This level of migration was in line with expectations and compares with migration levels of 33% at the end of September of 2011 and 27% at the end of 2010.  Overall average migration for 2011 was approximately 32%. We attribute approximately $0.02 per share of the reduction in Power's energy margin in the quarter to migration. The impact of the result of warmer-than-normal temperatures in December 2011 compared with colder-than-normal temperatures experienced in the year-ago period, which increased the effective headroom in the fourth quarter compared to year-ago level.  PSEG Power's nuclear and combined cycle fleet continued their strong performance with output for both improving quarter-over-quarter. This strength offset the decline in the dispatch of Power's intermediate load coal units, which continue to be affected by a decline in spark spreads.  Power's ability to meet demand from its 3,200 megawatts of combined cycle capacity has been an important support of margins in this current environment. The continued improvement in the forced outage rates at our combined cycle facilities helped produce record output from these facilities in 2011. This increase in output, coupled with market spark spreads provided more profit from our combined cycle fleet than we've seen in the recent past.  PSEG Power's nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 91.3% during the quarter, resulting in a capacity factor for 2011 of 92.8%. The Hope Creek nuclear facility, 100% owned by Power, produced record levels of generation in 2011 operating in an annual capacity factor of 98.7%. The combined cycle fleet's strong fourth quarter operations resulted in an average capacity factor of 54%. This enhanced Power's profitability, as Power was able to take advantage of the expansion in spark spreads in the quarter as they have all year.  The reduction in market pricing during the quarter and year resulted in average gross margins for 2011 of $52 per megawatt hour compared with $54.30 per megawatt hour for 2010.  Following the completion of New Jersey's BGS option in early February, Power's output for 2012 is approximately 75% to 80% hedged at an average price of $59 per megawatt hour compared with an average hedged price in 2011 of $68 per megawatt hour. For 2013, approximately 55% to 60% of Power's forecast output is hedged at an average price of $53 per megawatt hour. These figures reflect assumed customer migration levels of between 36% and 40% at the end of 2012 versus 34% at the end of 2011, followed by a further expected small increase in 2013.  Our hedging data is based on a forecast decline in output in 2012 to 53 terawatt hours from 2011's output of 54 terawatt hours. For 2013, we're currently assuming a further decline in output to 52 terawatt hours before a rebound in 2014 to 54 terawatt hours.  Since our last update in November of 2011, the market price for gas has declined more sharply than the cost of coal. This discrepancy has widened the cost of operating our coal units versus our gas units by approximately $8 per megawatt hour. And this is before we factor in the cost of operating the back-end technology. We would need to see an increase in the price of gas of about $2 per mmBTU, or a decline in the cost of coal, to correct the economic differential in dispatching our gas fleet versus our coal fleet. Keep in mind that this gas price change is from today's levels, so it is really a snapshot at the point in time and not a forecast of the long-term differential, nor does it reflect seasonality that we would expect to see. But it is in fact exactly these market dynamics, which frankly makes us pleased to have the largest fleet of combined cycle gas units that operate in PJM.  Power's operating earnings for 2012 are forecast at $575 million to $665 million. The decline in forecast operating earnings is due to lower energy prices in 2012 due to the roll off of high-priced legacy hedges. The recently completed BGS auction, which cleared in the PSE&G zone, at a price of $83.88 per megawatt hour will be effective on June 1 of this year and replace the contract for $103.72 per megawatt hour, which expires on May 31.  As I indicated, we are also assuming an increase in the level of migration during 2012 from 2011, as well as an expansion in headroom.  Capacity revenues are expected to be flat with year-ago levels as contracts priced at an average revenue of $152 per megawatt day are scheduled to replace contracts with an average price of $110 per megawatt day on June 1 of this year.  Let's now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2011 of $0.19 per share compared with $0.16 per share for the fourth quarter of 2010, as we show on Slide 25.  PSE&G's full year 2011 operating earnings were $521 million, or $1.03 per share, slightly in excess of guidance compared with operating earnings of $430 million, or $0.85 per share, for 2010.  PSE&G's results benefited from increased levels of capital investment and a tight control on operating expenses, which offset the revenue impact of warmer-than-normal weather and the cost of storm-related outages.  An annualized increase in transmission revenue of $45 million effective at the start of the year added $0.02 per share to earnings in the quarter. Return on investments made under capital adjustment clauses supporting investments in energy efficiency, solar and electric and gas infrastructure programs added $0.01 per share to results.  Warmer-than-normal weather compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. A decline in pension cost, pension-related cost more than offset the impact of the October 2011 snowstorm and increased tree-trimming work on operating expenses.  Higher levels of capital investment led to an increase in depreciation expense which reduced quarterly earnings comparisons by $0.01 per share and the year-end adjustment to PSE&G's tax rate and other items added $0.03 per share to results.  Electric and gas sales comparisons in the fourth quarter were affected by warm weather and weak economic conditions. Heating degree days in the fourth quarter were 24% below the level experienced in 2010's fourth quarter and 18% below normal.  Weather normalized electric sales declined 4.4% in the quarter from year-ago levels, resulting in a 2.3% decline in weather-normalized electric sales for the full year. The decline was led by reduced demand from the commercial and industrial sectors. On a weather-normalized basis, gas sales increased by 0.8% in the fourth quarter, resulting in a 1.9% growth for the year. The improvement here in the quarter, as well as for the year, was led by the commercial and industrial sector.  Gas sales to the residential sector improved. And while this does not necessarily indicate a rebound in the economy, it does suggest that customers may not have increased conservation efforts in response to low economic growth.  The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, granted incentive rate making treatment for the $895 million Northeast Grid Reliability project at the end of 2011. The rate-making treatment, which is effective on January 1 of this year provides for construction work in progress in rate base, recovery of abandonment costs and a 25-basis-point adder to return on equity. The adder brings the allowed return on equity for this project to 11.93%.  So just to recap, approximately $1.8 billion of our plan's transmission-related spending over the 2012 to 2014 period is receiving incentive rate treatment that provides for recognition of in-rate base in the construction work in progress is allowed to recover abandonment and is allowed to return a return on equity of 12.9% for the Susquehanna-Roseland project and a return on equity of 11.9% for Northeast Grid. The remainder of the investment in transmission is allowed to earn a return of 11.7%, again, under formula rate treatment.  PSE&G also received approval under its formula rate program to implement its requested increase in transmission revenue of $94 million, effective on January 1 of this year.  PSE&G's operating earnings for 2012 are forecast of $530 million to $560 million compared to 2011's operating earnings of $521 million. Anticipated operating earnings growth reflects an increase in transmission revenue and capital infrastructure investments, which are expected to offset a forecast increase in pension expense and higher depreciation levels. The forecast also assumes that PSE&G continues to return to earn its authorized return on equity.  Let's move now to PSEG Energy Holdings. Energy Holdings reported a small loss in operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $1 million compared to operating earnings of $5 million or $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter of 2010. The results for the fourth quarter brought Energy Holdings' full year 2011 operating earnings to $5 million or $0.01 per share, which were at the upper end of expectations. The results for 2011 compare with 2010's operating earnings of $49 million or $0.10 per share.  Energy Holdings' fourth quarter operating earnings reflect lower asset sale gains than those recorded in the year-ago quarter. We will be consolidating Energy Holdings' operating earnings in 2012 with the parent company. And for both together, we forecast operating earnings in 2012 of $35 million to $45 million compared with 2011's operating earnings of both together of $23 million.  I'll address a few other items of interest before we close out the call. We closed out a number of items, which bring clarity and represent a reduction in financial risk. First, we entered into a definitive agreement with the Internal Revenue Service in January 2012 that settles the tax treatment for our cross-border leases for all tax years. In addition, we closed tax audit years through 2003. And together those 2 agreements were consistent with our expectations and will have no material impact on earnings, which should eventually yield a net refund of approximately $100 million.  Second, Energy Holdings reached a settlement agreement in December of 2011 with Dynegy in regard to the lease arrangements for the Roseton and Danskammer facilities leased to subsidiaries of Dynegy Holdings LLC. As you may recall, we recorded a full reserve for Energy Holdings investment in the lease receivable from that entity in the third quarter. Under the settlement, we received $7.5 million in January 2012 and we expect to receive an agreed-upon $110 million claim payable through a mix of cash and securities upon final approval of the reorganization by the bankruptcy court. Keep in mind that this amount may be modified as the final settlement addresses the claims of all parties. Therefore, our forecast of operating earnings doesn't reflect the $7.5 million received in January or any assumptions for the potential settlement and ultimate value of securities we may receive. All settlement values received will be recorded below our operating earnings line, consistent with our recording for the full reserve in 2011.  Energy Holdings also sold its investment in an office building in Denver, Colorado in December of 2011 for $215 million, which resulted in an after-tax gain of $34 million recorded below the operating earnings line given it's nonrecurring nature.  Our forecast in capital spending for 2012 through 2014 is contained on Slide 33. As you can see, we anticipate capital spending for this period of approximately $6.9 billion. Of this amount more than 50% our transmission investments at PSE&G, for which we get contemporaneous recovery given FERC-approved formula rate treatment. In addition, recall that we have state-approved capital cost recovery mechanisms for our Solar 4 All, energy efficiency and capital infrastructure spending. And Power's capital program is devoted to our completion of new peaking capacity in New Jersey and Connecticut, as well as its share of the upgrade cost at Peach Bottom.  We ended 2011 with a strong balance sheet. At year end, we had cash of $834 million on the balance sheet and debt represented 41% of consolidated capital.  During the quarter, PSEG Power redeemed $600 million of senior notes, with an interest rate of 6.95% that were due in 2012. And with this reduction, debt represented 34% of PSEG Power's capitalization at year end. The company's financial strength and low-cost asset portfolio, position it well in this period of low energy prices. We have the financial strength to finance our capital program without the need to access the equity markets and strong cash flow generation from Power, as well as expectations for growth from PSE&G, also as Ralph mentioned supports our announced growth in the common dividend. As Ralph indicated, we are guiding toward operating earnings for 2012 of $2.25 to $2.50 per share. For the long term, we have a well-positioned fleet of competitive generating units that provide upside amid stronger markets. And with that, which closes out my remarks, but not your questions, I turn it back over to Brent for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to touch base with you on the HEDD ruling and there was a notification that was put out by PJM last week regarding that and the EPA and sort of, I guess, concern by stakeholders about what the impact might be. Do you have any sense as to the issues that they're looking at or what that impact might be in terms of the HEDD decision by the government?
Ralph Izzo: I think, Paul, it's Ralph. PJM always has made it clear that they try to give parameters prior to the RPM auction. And in prior years, those parameters have come out at different stages. But you typically by the end of, by the beginning of February, we pretty much know what the conditions are for the auction. But PJM has always had the ability to come out with additional parameters I think in the early April timeframe. And all they're doing this year is saying: "Look, in light of all the changes in terms of the courts staying CSAPR and in terms of the MACT Rule having a little bit of a low bar for a fourth-year extension", a fairly sharp drop in prices in terms of gas and what that may or may not mean for coal units, that I think what they're signaling is it's very likely that they will come out with some notification in early April that may revisit the planning parameters. So it's really not a change in what they've been able to do in the past, but I think what they're signaling through all this is that we've better check the website in early April to see what, if any changes exist in the planning parameters, and HEDD is part of that overall environmental mix.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Also in the same timeframe, the Independent Market Monitor filed at FERC some concerns regarding the minima price rule and the methodology that might be used by some to effectively get around the minima per price rule rendering it ineffective, is what he stated. Do you guys share those concerns? Or I mean I don't remember seeing anything like this really from anyone else.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I think we do share those concerns in the following way, right? I mean there are all kinds of assumptions that one can make in coming up with a need for revenue streams, capacity being one of those, to make a commercially logical investment decision. And I think what the Monitor is doing is saying, "Look, we have a Brattle Report that has a reasonable set." And what we want to do is differentiate on the basis of true construction efficiency, picking appropriate sites that have ready access to the grid, as opposed to someone coming in and saying, 'look, interest rates are at an all-time low so I think I can finance at this set a cost of capital of 5%," as opposed to I think Brattle has an 8.5% number in there. So what he's trying to do is make sure that we narrow the set of parameters to those that truly differentiate one project from another. And quite candidly, I think that's doubly important at this point in time because, as you know, there are some projects that really don't care what the clearing price is because they have guaranteed payments that are above reasonable market expectations. So I think he's doing a good job of trying to make sure that we preserve the integrity of the competitive marketplace.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: What if FERC doesn't clarify it? I mean in other words what if the ruling stands as it is now? Do you know what happens?
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't know what happens, we'll have to stayed tune to [indiscernible] I mean the risk you have is that people have less to lose by bidding low, i.e. those who are subsidized, distort the market but don't care because they get their subsidy payments and that I think is very bad for customers over the long term.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just finally the life of the contract, is there a new strategy here or is there -- I mean. How does it fit your entire strategy? Is there any sort of EPS outlook or sort of financial fall process we should be thinking about with respect to that?
Ralph Izzo: Life is 2014. We don't guide beyond '12. But life is similar to the Queen's Creek investment that we're making on the PPA-supported solar project. We look for opportunities to deploy our capital consistent with our expertise. But I think, Paul, by my count, were pretty high above the one question per... Ask accounting before I start getting stressed.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: When I look at the lower volume guidance for '12 and '13, is it reasonable to assume that most of that lower volume is coming from reduced coal output? And my second question is, is there any expected contribution from the sale of coal in your 2012 guidance? I think it amounted to about $0.08 in 2011?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Paul, it's Caroline. So relative to the first part of your question and how to think about the lower output, you're correct. It's essentially the lower assumptions, relative to coal volumes, as we roll out during the period. Keep in mind as we give you the terawatt hour forecast that you're seeing on our hedge page, they are estimates. And you may recall, as we update the hedges, we often update the terawatt hours just depending on where the curves are at the moment. So they're our best estimates at this time, but we'll obviously keep them updated for you as we go. Relative to coal sales, you're right, we had about $0.07 for coal sales in the full year with about $0.02 this quarter and we've talked about the rest in the prior quarters. Relative to coal sales, we're looking at that opportunistically so there may be a little bit we can do in 2012. But we're not putting in any kind of a specific forecast at the levels at which we have in 2011.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: We should assume the guidance excludes coal sales right?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Just wanted to inquire a bit more into the volume assumptions, just kind of following up the last question. With regard to capacity factors, what assumptions are you making regarding capacity factors for your natural gas plants?
Ralph Izzo: I think those, Nathan, are in the 50% to 60% range. It varies. The Linden units and Bergen units have slightly different numbers. But consistent with what they were in the past year and consistent with our current price curve for 2012 and '13.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: And as a follow-up to that, if gas prices were to perhaps remain at the level they are today in the front month throughout the remainder of the year, is there a reason why those gas plants wouldn't be able to run more in the 85% or so range?
Ralph Izzo: Physically they're quite capable of putting out additional megawatt hours. It's just the question, what's the demand?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One question I have just relates to the amount of weather headwind you have versus normal in 2011? You didn't call it out as a factor in the outlook, unless I missed it. And it seems to be flattish versus 2010, but 2010 was decently above normal, so is that -- what is the number embedded in guidance for kind of weather returning to normal effectively?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Oh, sure, Jonathan, this is Caroline. You're right, we talked about weather for the quarter, you saw some warmer-than-normal weather which obviously had a little bit of a negative, but keep in mind when we forecast and what we put in for guidance, we always assume normal weather because it's too dangerous to assume anything other than that. So when you think about our results for the full year, right? Remember we had a warmer-than-normal winter in the last few months, we had a hotter-than-normal summer this year, but cooler than last year and again you had a little bit cooler than normal earlier in the year so when we roll that together if you look at the full year numbers for 2013, I'm sorry, on Page 13 for 2011, you can see that it's a net $0.01 for PSE&G and then you see for PEG Power $0.03, which is all volume, some of which may have some implications for weather, but it's a little hard to disaggregate. But as we forecast forward, as we always do, we always forecast normal weather.
Ralph Izzo: Just to remind you the gas part of the utility, it does have a weather normalization clause.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So your forecasting based on normal for this year and that's a headwind of $0.03 or $0.04, did I hear that right?
Caroline D. Dorsa: From last year.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: From last year, yes, okay. And then one thing we noticed was that you had a seasonally what looked like a much higher-than-normal operating cash flow in Q4, over $1 billion. Did something unusual happen in the cash flow statement operating in the end of the year or was that just more normal? Given what the, I guess, the weather story I guess may have some something to do with it.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Good question Jonathan. Relative to cash flow, we had very good cash flow for the full year. And keep in mind, the full year cash flow for the total company, if you look at cash from ops, for example, significantly higher than cash from ops for 2010, so we'll just give you the full number. It's about $3.6 billion in cash from ops this year versus $2.2 billion in cash from ops in 2010. What you're seeing through the year in fourth quarter is just another piece of the full year picture. Remember we had a significant amount of bonus depreciation impact, which was slightly in excess of $800 million. And so when you look at that, that's a big adder to what's happening in cash from ops versus prior periods. Other things of course that contribute to overall cash, even though they're not in cash from ops, keep in mind we sold the Texas plants earlier this year and so those things have an effect as well, so when you think about going forward, although the cash from ops this year is terrific and we're very pleased to have it, obviously, it's not the run rate that you should expect as we think about cash from ops going forward, because while we do intend and expect to have an impact from bonus depreciation in 2012, that estimate is about $300 million to $350 million. Keep in mind bonus depreciation this year is at 50%, not the 100% we had in 2011. And then of course, you're going to see that effectively reversed, relative to what the tax depreciation would've been in the out years. Just take a point to point out that one of the things that is interesting to look at, relative to our cash from ops, is you're seeing the Utility being a very significant contributor now to cash from operations. So when you disaggregate our $3.6 billion, you find that $1.9 billion is from Power and $1.6 billion is from the Utility. Of course, the Utility finances itself of half its debt for its CapEx and it's CapEx is very significant but you're seeing strong cash generation from both of the businesses.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I may, could I just revisit on the HEDD rules about do you have specific number of what you think you retire versus retrofit?
Ralph Izzo: Jonathan, it's Ralph. So we're looking at exploring several options, in terms of the HEDD units. Clearly they will not be allowed to operate with the water injection improvements we've made. But we're going to look at different uses for those assets and perhaps the possibility of different environmental upgrades for them and we're going to factor that all into our thinking in the next 3 to 4 months.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, but wouldn't that have to be sooner than that because I guess you have to decide before the auction?
Ralph Izzo: Right. That's what I meant.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just felt that you had to make -- and may be have to make a decision kind of slightly sooner than that.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, the May auction is the key date.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: I'm having difficulty calculating, maybe you have these numbers ready. Because the total output is changing, how many terawatt hours did you contract in Q4 for base of '13 and '14 and at what price? I don't know if you have these numbers ready, but if you do that'll be helpful.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. We didn't give the numbers on a per quarter basis so we don't typically do that. We tend to give you the updated values for the current period and the subsequent 2. Keep in mind, sort of 2 things that are going on here, last time we reported, we reported for the end of Q3. Now we're reporting for the '12, '13 and '14, not the end of Q4? So you've got the quarterly hedges, plus what we've done in January through BGS. So it's really trying to make you as most up-to-date as possible, given the fact that the size of BGS. So these numbers, relative to, if you go back to our prior quarter disclosure, they wouldn't be 3 months of hedging they would be 3 months of hedging plus BGS and this is probably the best place to start as you do your hedging calculations and estimates for us, going forward.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Okay, one other thing then I wanted to ask. I'm looking at the BGS auction results premiums, the $47, $48, $46 on Slide 22. Okay, so...
Ralph Izzo: That's not all premium, Michael. Before we go any further, I wish you were right, but I know what you're referring to.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Yes, so the part of that I'm confused about, historically, I understand some of these line items were not pure dollars, but more of a percentage premium over the round-the-clock price. And I see round-the-clock price have fallen substantially, yet that premium, or whatever you want to call that figure, hasn't declined nearly as much, even though I believe some of the components were percentage based, not raw-dollar based. Can you explain why that is?
Ralph Izzo: Michael, I don't know of anything that was percentage based. But if we just pick a couple of them, the capacity number you can get from the RPM auction and that's oscillated a bit. The green cost quite candidly is the renewable portfolio standard inches up towards its target has increased. Our transmission investments, while it's reduced congestion in overall net gain to the customer and has enhanced reliability, nonetheless, that is an increasing portion of the customer bill and the risk premium is obviously, highly sensitive and competitive information and varies upon your perspective of what the predominant risk is. Is it credit risk? Is it migration risk? So we've never broken that out, I'm not today going to do it today. But I will go so far as to say, under penalty of nasty looks from Caroline, that we never valuated on a percentage basis, we put dollars and cents into that green box.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: I guess what I was trying to say, for example, such thing as, East-West differential or load shaping. Those numbers will be smaller if round-the-clock price is 40, than if round-the-clock price is 100, for example.
Ralph Izzo: Well, they'll also be affected by whether or not the marginal unit is coal or gas and what's the relative value of those 2. So the answer to your question is, yes, but it's not limited to what you just said.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Would it be fair...
Caroline D. Dorsa: Keep in mind for others listening as you took off these items, remember that a number of these are pass-throughs like transmission, like capacity, like green-nose or cost to serve and so when we talk about risk premium, right, it's embedded in the green but, as Ralph said, isn't -- by far not the entire green.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Absolutely. Would it be fair to say that as headroom increases or switching becomes easier for customers, the risk premium portion will grow?
Caroline D. Dorsa: We've typically said that our expectation is that what's priced in has a higher risk premium for migration. Remember, you priced all those up as you think about BGS. But of course, what comes out is one number. So then you really have to kind of disaggregate based on your own expectations. But I think, as we've talked about for a number of years, a few years ago, we anticipated risk premium would increase for credit, when credit was very challenged from the '08 to the '09 period, and after that, as '09 saw that significant ramp up really from almost ambient level of 0 of migration, you started to see what we anticipated as risk premium relative to migration. For this past year, as you know, we saw migration level continued to increase although headroom was decreasing until we got to the recent period in the fourth quarter. So how people think about risk premiums from migration, in general we think people price that in, hard to tell what people would price in any particular auction given some of the frankly changing market dynamics of migration throughout 2011 versus where we ended at the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Actually couple of questions, one, and this is a little bit small but just trying to understand the strategic intent, the solar investments. Where does that fit in to your broader or near-term and long-term corporate strategy, as well as how you think about allocation of capital and how you think about having economies of scale in certain businesses versus others?
Ralph Izzo: Michael, it's Ralph. I think your preface was exactly right. It is a smaller item. We've been anticipating solar being competitive with commercial technology probably for 3 or 4 decades now. And while the cost curve has come down on solar, it's been continued to be outdistanced by the improvements in combined cycle units and gas-extraction technologies and so forth. So I put it in the category of remaining a potential participant in the future, but we would not, based on corporate strategy on a space that require subsidies for sustainability. I'm just not in...
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then a follow-on. This is also a little bit of a capital allocation question. When we look at your CapEx for '13 and '14, and the forward commodity curve with also the BGS contract that was just layered on, is it safe to assume that Power will be still upstreaming enough cash to fund the E&G's rate-based growth and CapEx trajectory along with whatever cash E&G creates in kind of senior secured bonds at E&G or are there other alternatives that have to be thought about? And I ask that only with bill 3 or so of CapEx per year in '13 and '14, that's a pretty decent step up.
Ralph Izzo: And I thank you very much for that question. Caroline and I were remiss at our favorite comment to make that all of these capital upgrades and growth investments can be internally funded. And there's no need for any outside equity. So yes, Power has plenty of cash to the dividend up to parents so that it can provide the equity for E&G.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Can I just, I guess, if I can ask a question, which Michael asked in a different way, the '14 hedges that you kind of gave us the information about the price level, do you think they are above market or below market or at market?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So think about the 2014 hedges that we show you on Page 19 of the deck. Keep in mind that as we go out in 2014, most of what you're seeing here is BGS right? Because when you get into that third year out and you know BGS is obviously a 3-year rolling hedge program, markets are not very liquid as you go out to '14 and most of what we've got in these data are BGS. So now when you think about BGS combined with some market hedges, keep in mind that the BGS price that we record here for hedging purposes is the total BGS price that we were just talking about in the PSE&G zone, for example, the $83.88 less the capacity dollarized to a per megawatt hour, we pulled that out because people model that separately for us. So it's mostly BGS, it's the result of the market of the BGS, clear, less capacity plus some smaller amount of the hedges that we're doing at market over the recent period, but it's not going to be from too long ago because there isn't a liquid market to hedge in 2014, if you go back before us few months ago, so it's market.
Ashar Khan: So what you're saying is, if I can assume that the price that you give us on the slide, which is the $83.88 for the '12 auction, the only thing that you take out when you put in your energy component on the other slide is you only take out capacity, that's only thing that did take out from there?
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's right. So if you compare that slide for BGS to what you see on 19, for all years in which we put in BGS, which for whatever hedges we have for BGS in '12, '13 and '14, each year's layer is the BGS price that you see on 22 and for each year's layer we take out capacity and of course, those are different prices in the different years depending on the capacity clears, we put those into the numbers on 19, together with all of our other hedges, whenever they were done at market at that time, we roll those together and that's what you see here on 19.
Ashar Khan: Okay, so it's a combination of BGS and non-BGS hedges.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's right.
Ashar Khan: And Caroline, just based on, I guess, because you know you each BGS the way you do things are different and migration and all that, what would be a good rule of thumb to have per year of how much would be BGS and non-BGS?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So good question, you're right. As migration has come up over the past few years we've tried to guide people to think about BGS as about 15 terawatt hours, when you're in the year where the BGS is full. So, for example, 2012, of course BGS hedges as you get out to '13 and '14, you haven't layered in all the years. So in a given year, so in the current year, as you look at our total terawatt hours and our total terawatt hours hedged, think of BGS as about 15 terawatt hours.
Ashar Khan: 15 out of the 53, right?
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's right. And of course, 53 is the total volume, keep in mind you'll never see us hedge to 100% because we would never be hedging up the stack for the high intermediate and the peaking, that's where we obviously dynamical put our units to market given market conditions and weather. So you'd never see us be 100%.
Ashar Khan: If I can end up with the last one, you've given us some indication of fuel cost going forward, you had it in other slides, I guess, you haven't. Could you just -- I don't if you can give us any kind of headwind as to what fuel cost would be, if the changes from what you presented in previous slides from the nuclear or coal site going forward for '12 and '13?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. Coal costs, when we look at the average coal cost for this year versus last year and that we were giving out in some of the slides that I know you're referring to, relatively similar on a year-on-year basis. And keep in mind you've got different types of coal, you've got the Adora coal for Bridgeport Harbor on in the high 40s and you've got the other types of met coal that we use in Hudson and Mercer, that's mid-40s, and then you've got the 20s, High load mid-20s for Keystone and Conemaugh. Not big changes there. Our dollar contract reprices at the end of the year, as you may remember, but not a lot of changes going on there. Of course, gas you know what's happening in the market and nuclear fuel contracted over the very long term as we've, I think, indicated to you pretty consistently and that is going up over time.
Ashar Khan: And nuclear would be the same, right? What you provided in the slides, if I'm right.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's slightly higher over the period, but not dramatically so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question relates to your revised dividend policy. If I understand correctly, you intend to grow the dividend, going forward, primarily off BPS growth at PSE&G coupled some with Power's cash flows versus your historic more typical pad ratio. Given the new strategy what would you think about future growth of the dividend, particularly given that the dividend itself is structurally higher than the PSE&G earnings? Should we think about linearly PSE&G grows some percentage off of that, we'll see some dividend increase going forward or just in light of compressing Power cash flows, we should think about relatively flat in the near term?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Julien, it's Ralph. I wouldn't -- I think number one message you should take away is that we do expect to grow in the future, but not formulaically. So we're going to take into consideration the things that we've talked about so many -- with all of you in our meetings which is, that we look at where we are in the power cycle, and the commodity cycle, and what Power's cash flows are, we look at the relative mix of the 2 businesses, clearly the Utility being a growing portion of it, not just because Power's shrinking, which obviously, is not the way we wanted, to become a bigger portion, but because the Utility itself is growing and it being a more stable mix, so not formulaic, room for growth in the future, we will with our board look at the relative mix of businesses and where we are in the commodity cycle and what that means for Power's cash flows.  --
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Just more a structural question on demand response. Looking at the recent settlement between the DR guys and the EPA on behind-the-meter generation, it seems like that could be kind of a bigger deal particularly if that's overturned, ultimately. Do you guys have any comments, expectations around what that could do to capacity pricing, DR participation, et cetera?
Ralph Izzo: We'll add to the mix. No, I think that goes back to some of the early questions that Paul Patterson and others have asked, right? Which is we'll see how it shakes out in May.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. Touché. Maybe a quick follow-up, if you'll let me a third here, on the HEDD rules, going back to it. Could you kind of comment, broadly speaking, I know you can't comment on the units, per se, but what kind of retro fit cost would you imagine, generically speaking, to comply with the rules? Is there any kind of rule of thumb we can use to look at your portfolio and say, X, Y and Z units may or may not choose to comply?
Ralph Izzo: No, there really aren't, Julien, so we're looking at operating options, and we're looking at FCR, that kind of stretches the credibility of what you would do for some of these units given their size, so we have a small team of people looking at all kinds of costs to factor into what might be a reasonable bid, but we just can't say right now. Okay, I think,  Kathleen is pointing at her watch. So I think she's trying to tell me that we have to wrap up the call and I hope it is evident that we continue to work hard to ensure both the long-term operational and the financial success of PSEG. So the increase in the common dividend is but one indicator of our confidence in the strength of the portfolio and our prospects for growth in the long term.  We've only had an hour to spend with you today, so we hope you'll be able to join us in New York on March 9 for what will be a full morning of discussion on these and other issues in our typical annual review of the business. So thanks for being with us today and I hope to see you in about a week and a half. Thank you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you again for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Caroline D. Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jack D'Angelo Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, November 1, 2011, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m., November 1, 2011, to November 7, 2011. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over the Kathleen Lally, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, Ashley. Thank you, and good morning to everyone who is participating in our earnings call this morning. As you know, we released third quarter 2011 earnings statements earlier today. And as mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2011, is expected to be filed shortly. I don't intend to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But as you know, the earnings release and the other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless we are required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to today's 8-K, which contains our earnings release and attachments or other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations, and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thanks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. And thank you, everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the third quarter 2011 of $0.83 per share compared with operating earnings of $1.03 per share earned in 2010's third quarter. We achieved solid operating earnings for the third quarter in spite of daunting challenges. Our biggest challenge remains the low price of electricity. The effects of our earnings are realized primarily through reductions in BGS and RPM prices effective on June 1 of this year. During the quarter, however, we were also faced with the need to respond to the biggest storm to hit our service territory in our 108-year history. We experienced a historic number of customer outages and level of system damage in the wake of Hurricane Irene. As usual, our employees met the challenge. Thousands of employees from around the entire enterprise banded together with a common purpose: to help our customers when they needed us most. Utility counted on and received the assistance of everyone in PSEG who could lend a much-needed hand. The employees of PSEG Power also met the challenge. Their efforts to maintain the material condition of our generating units assured their availability during that critical time. Our 3 New Jersey nuclear units remained online during the hurricane and that strong storm performance was typical of the quarter as a whole. The Hope Creek nuclear station operated at a 97 capacity -- 97% capacity factor during the quarter, resulting in our nuclear fleet operating at a better-than-expected capacity factor of 93% year-to-date. Our fossil fleet met the demands of the system during this summer's historically high temperatures. Our combined cycle fleet continues to reduce its forced outage rate with all units operating during the July heat wave. Our workforce was called upon again this past weekend, in response to a north-easter that resulted in substantial damage and customer outages. We expect to restore power to approximately 95% of the 500,000 customers who lost power by this Thursday evening. And we have already restored 87% of the affected customers. I expect to have more to say about our employees' efforts in this storm during our next quarterly call.  We remain on track with our major capital programs at PSE&G and PSEG Power. Please recall that our budgets call for spending $6.9 billion over 2011, '12, and '13, with '11's capital outlays at $2.3 billion. Our $750 million Susquehanna-Roseland 500 KV transmission project, which we are building in conjunction with PPL energy, has been placed on a list of projects for oversight from a new Federal rapid response team, with the aim of coordinating and expediting the Federal permitting process. This line is scheduled to be fully in-service in June of 2015.  Our other major transmission projects, the $895 million Northeast grid reliability project and the $336 million north-central reliability project, are in the midst of the siting approval process. The north-central reliability project is scheduled to be in service in mid-2014 with the Northeast grid project scheduled to be online a year later. These 3 projects represent 31% of our planned transmission investment program of $2.9 billion over the period 2011 through 2013. And the capital improvements will not end in the next 2 years. Approximately $600 million of spending on these projects alone extends beyond 2013. The construction of new peaking capacity by PSEG Power in New Jersey and Connecticut is on schedule. These facilities, which represent approximately 400 megawatts of more efficient, clean capacity, are scheduled to be placed into operation by mid-2012. Our $270 million investment in the 2 new peaking units in New Jersey will replace older, less efficient units that we plan to retire in 2012. During the past 5 years, we have invested more than $2 billion to replace inefficient, older generating units and to upgrade our existing facilities to meet new environmental restrictions. PSEG is a long-time advocate of the Clean Air Act Regulations. We view the EPA's recent technical adjustments to the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, more commonly referred to as CSAPR as favorable for our fleet. We are also well-positioned to meet the anticipated requirements under EPA's HAPs/MACT regulation, which is scheduled to be issued on December 16. We believe these regulations are long overdue. Our experience shows that it is possible to clean the air, create jobs and power the economy, all at the same time. The issuance of these regulations will also provide the industry with much-needed certainty to invest in long lived capital intensive projects such as power plants.  The investment we have made in our coal fleet will also maintain the fuel flexibility, which has been important to power. In another important matter, litigation challenging New Jersey's attempt to subsidize generation is moving forward. The Federal District Court of New Jersey issued a ruling on October 19, rejecting the Board of Public Utilities' motion to dismiss our LCAPP complaint. This action permits us to pursue all claims filed in the complaints. The motion by the New Jersey, Division of Rate Counsel, to dismiss the electric distribution company's appeal of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities order, approving the standard offer capacity agreements was also denied. We understand and fully support the state's desire to implement policy that fosters economic growth. But the LCAPP legislation will not achieve that end. We will prefer to find a solution to the challenge of economic growth that supports investment in the state and doesn't look to long-term, above-market subsidies as the answer. Government interference in a market that's working, as we've seen in the past, is likely to have unintended consequences for the customer, and we have early evidence that the situation is no different this time around. Our operating earnings for the first nine months of 2011 of $2.27 per share, while down from last year's operating earnings of $2.53 per share, were stronger than expected. We have benefited from higher than anticipated wholesale market prices for power and a tight control on expenses. We have also benefited from the lower pension expense this year versus last year. The year-to-date results support operating earnings for the full year at the upper end of our earnings guidance of $2.50, $2.75 per share. I must add that although 2011 has benefited from a reduction in pension expense, recent volatility in the financial markets make it difficult to predict the year-end funded status of our pension obligation, which could result in increased pension expense in 2012. These issues aren't easy to forecast. We've seen markets improve since the end of September, notwithstanding yesterday and today's early moves. Also, the discount rate on our pension plans is established on the last day of the year. On another matter, during the quarter, we established the reserve against the value of our Dynegy leases. This reserve resulted in a non-cash charge of $170 million or $0.34 per share. We fully intend to assert all claims against Dynegy, but can't be certain of success.  Our financial condition remains strong. We are focused on providing value to our shareholders through increased investments that earn competitive returns. We're able to focus our capital program almost exclusively on growth opportunities, now that the investment we made to upgrade the environmental equipment on our generating units is behind us. And we can finance this growth without diluting our existing holders. I'll now turn the call over to Caroline, to review our operating results in greater detail.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning. I'll now review our quarterly operating results, as well as the outlook for our full-year operating results by subsidiary company. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2011 of $0.83 per share versus operating earnings of $1.3 per share in last year's third quarter. Slides 4 and 5 provided reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter and year-to-date. We've provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 12 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 13 provides you with changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. So let's review each company in a little more detail starting with Power. As shown on Slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.51 per share compared with $0.67 per share a year ago. Power's third quarter earnings were affected primarily by a quarter-over-quarter decline in realized energy and capacity prices. Recall that capacity prices declined to $110 per megawatt day on June 1, 2011, from $174 dollars per megawatt day in the prior 12-month period. This decline reduced Power's earnings in the quarter by $0.07 per share. A decline in energy prices under the Basic Generation Service, or BGS contract, to $94.30 per megawatt hour, also effective on June 1 from the prior contract price of $111.50 per megawatt hour, as well as the impact of other re-contracting efforts together reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.07 per share. Quarter-over-quarter output declined 7%, given the decline in weather-related demand versus last year. The decline in volume lowered Power's earnings comparison by $0.02 per share. Although weather conditions experienced in the third quarter were a bit above normal, the summer of 2011 was cooler than last year's record heat. As was the case in our first 2 quarters, earnings comparisons at Power were also affected by an increase in depreciation expense and a decline in capitalized interest associated with the start up of the back-end technologies at the Hudson and Mercer coal units. Together, these items reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. Power has taken advantage of the flexibility available under the terms of one of its coal contracts to sell supply on the open market. The sale of coal in the third quarter of 2011, coupled with the absence of freight cancellation costs occurring in the year -- incurred in the year-ago quarter benefited Power's third quarter 2011 earnings by $0.03 per share. An increase in operation and maintenance expense due to the timing of planned outages at the fossil stations reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. Power's earnings were also affected by the absence of trading-related losses in the prior year of $0.03 per share, and other miscellaneous items, which together reduced earnings by $0.01 per share.  You'll notice that I didn't mention migration in the quarterly earnings comparisons. Power's third quarter earnings comparisons were not affected by customer migration away from the BGS contract. Although the level of customer migration grew during the quarter versus year ago levels, headroom continued to decline. The reduction in headroom is a function of both the decline in the average price charged customers under the BGS rate that I just mentioned, as well as an increase from the market price of Power. Therefore, as a result of those 2 factors, an increase in net migration with a decrease in the cost of each migrated customer, migration resulted in no net impact on earnings quarter-over-quarter. Customer migration represented an estimated 33% of BGS volumes at the end of the third quarter of 2011, compared with about 26% at the end of September, 2010. And note that on a sequential quarter basis, migration is essentially flat. Due to a slowing in the rate of growth of customer migration, a continuation of the pattern witnessed earlier in the year, we've lowered our full-year estimate of customer migration to an average of 32% to 33% from the prior estimate of 34%. Our updated estimate also assumed year-end customer migration levels of about 33% to 35% versus our previous forecast of 37% to 39%. The net impact of lower hedge prices for capacity and energy, offset in part by higher wholesale market prices and lower fuel costs than experienced a year ago, resulted in a $3 per megawatt hour or about 5.5% reduction in Power's gross margin rate during the quarter to approximately $54 per megawatt hour.  As I mentioned earlier, total output was 7% lower in the quarter. Power's PJM-based assets, which provided about 90% of the output generated in the quarter experienced the 5% decline in output. The decline is primarily the result of more normal weather experienced in this quarter compared with the abnormally warm weather in the year-ago quarter. And the dispatch of our fossil generation has also been affected by an increase in the operating costs at our New Jersey-based coal stations following the start up of the back-end technology. As a result of these 2 factors, our coal units experienced a reduction in output of 19% but our combined cycle units experienced only a 6% reduction in output during the quarter, from the relatively high levels of output in the year-ago period. The nuclear fleet experienced an improvement in output. Power's nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 90.6% during the third quarter compared to an average capacity factor of 89.4% in the year-ago quarter. The Hope Creek station, which we own fully, operated at a 97% capacity factor in the quarter. Hope Creek's performance more than offset a reduction in output at the Salem station. Salem's performance was affected by high levels of debris in the Delaware River following Hurricane Irene, and a 5-day outage of Salem 2, to repair a coolant leak. Power, in addition to selling excess coal supply on the market, has restructured the coal supply contract for Bridgeport Station to more closely matched supply with future coal requirements. The sale of supply added about $0.03 per share to Power's earnings in the third quarter and provided about $0.06 per share to Power's operating results for the first nine months of the year. Our current coal supply is adequate to meet demand expectations and we don't anticipate this level of sales continuing into 2012. As I just mentioned, the dispatch of our coal units in 2011 has been affected by a reduction in demand relative to year-ago levels and an increase in the operating cost of our New Jersey-based coal units with the installation of the back-end technology.  If we take a moment to analyze dispatch economics solely on the basis of cost of fuel, our gas units are dispatched before our coal units, when gas is about $4 to $4.50 range per mmBTU. The additional cost of the back-end technology increases this dispatch break-even analysis by about $0.75. This change in operating costs, coupled with the decline in weather-related demand were the primarily reasons behind a reduction in output from our coal units. The availability of our combined cycle capacity provides flexibility for us to meet demand in the most economic way. We estimate the CSAPR rules would increase the cost of operating unscrubbed coal units in the region by a similar amount and would increase the costs of operating a clean coal unit, but by only a fraction of that amount. We think the market is responding well to the potential for increased emission cost, and Power is well-placed to participate over the long term.  As shown on Page 19, Power's output for the remainder of 2011 is hedged approximately at 80% levels at an average price of $68 per megawatt hour. For 2012, hedges are in place for approximately 50% to 55% of expected total 2012 generation of 58 terawatt hours at an average price of about $63 per megawatt hour. For 2013, approximately 25% to 30% of expected total generation of 57 terawatt hours is hedged at an average price of $61 per megawatt hour. Remember that when we refer to our hedge prices, BGS prices are full requirements less capacity, other hedges are at blocked prices, not full requirements. And BGS represents about 1/3 of 2012's hedge value and about 1/2 of 2013's hedge value. Let's turn now to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2011 of $0.30 per share compared with $0.30 per share for the third quarter of 2010, as we show on Slide 24. PSE&G's results were affected by increased capital investment and the cost of responding to hurricane-related outages. An annualized increase in transmission revenue of $45 million, effective on January 1 of this year added $0.01 per share to results. A return on investments made under capital adjustment clauses, supporting investments and renewables and an electric and gas infrastructure program added $0.02 per share to earnings. These improvements to earnings were offset by an increase in operation and maintenance expenses. Storm-related costs associated with Hurricane Irene and higher tree trimming expense in the quarter, amounted to about $0.03 per share. This cost offset a reduction in pension related costs resulting in a net increase in O&M expense of about a $0.01 per share. An increase in depreciation expense and the absence of gains in the year-ago quarter reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. PSE&G's service territory experienced days of record-breaking temperatures during the month of July, and although temperatures reached new highs during several days, the number of hours in the quarter experiencing peak temperatures was lower than the levels experienced in the year-ago period. As a result, weather had little impact on PSE&G's quarter-over-quarter earnings comparison. Weather-normalized sales remain week as residential customers conserve in response to economic conditions. For the quarter, we estimate weather-normalized sales declined by about 2.7%, resulting in a decline in weather-normalized electric demand of about 1.7% for the first 9 months of the year.  In early October, PSE&G filed at the FERC for an increase in transmission revenues under its formula rate mechanism. If approved, PSE&G's transmission revenues would increase $94 million on an annualized basis, effective January 1 of next year. The request reflects in part, the forecast step-up in PSE&G's transmission-related capital spending and related costs. PSE&G files an incentive rate filing at FERC on October 31, 2011, for the North East grid project. The filing request approval for recovery of construction work in progress are quick in the rate base, 100% of abandonment cost and an incentive return on equity of 100 basis points. PSE&G also filed at the New Jersey BPU for approval to defer expenses incurred during the quarter, in response to Hurricane Irene. PSE&G expensed $13 million of hurricane-related restoration cost in the quarter and requested approval to defer $29 million of incremental costs with recovery at a future date. The deferrals represent one-time extraordinary costs such as mutual aid and they're consistent with our prior practice. Let me now turn to PSEG Energy Holdings. Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.01 per share for the third quarter of 2011 versus operating earnings of $0.05 per share during the third quarter of 2010. The decline in operating earnings for the quarter reflects the absence of gains in the third quarter of 2010, from the termination of leases and the absence of revenues from asset sale. Let me just spend a moment on Dynegy. Our results for the third quarter reflect a full reserve for Energy Holdings' $264 million equity investment in the lease receivable from subsidiaries of Dynegy Holdings LLC. The reserve resulted in an after-tax, noncash charge against PSEG's earnings in the third quarter of $170 million or $0.34 per share. In the event of nonpayment of the lease obligation, Energy Holdings intends to with -- fully assert its claims against Dynegy Holdings or DH, its directors and Dynegy affiliates, including its claims under a tax indemnity agreement designed to protect Energy Holdings from adverse tax consequences, should the lease structure not be maintained and should any cash taxes be due. Please keep in mind that this reserve is noncash, but it does reflect the full extent of the charge of any future possible cash payment. Let me spend just a moment on financings. PSEG ended the third quarter with slightly more than $1.2 billion in cash. Cash at quarter end reflects receipt on the proceeds from the sale of Odessa, which occurred in July. Also, cash tends to be higher at the end of the third quarter, reflecting the impact of demand in the seasonally strong third quarter. Power and PSEG's operating cash flows have also improved in 2011 due to a decline in tax payments related to the benefits of bonus depreciation. As we mentioned last quarter, we are still on track to receive about $800 million of cash in 2011 related to bonus depreciation and our cash position reflects receipt of that on an ongoing basis. Power and PSE&G both took advantage of low interest rates last quarter. During the quarter, Power issued $500 million of new debt consisting of $250 million of 2.75% senior notes due in September of 2016 and $250 million of 4.15% senior notes due in September of 2021. PSE&G issued $250 million of three-year medium-term notes at 0.85%. These financings, of course, also improved quarter end cash on hand.  At the end of September, debt represented 43.8% of PSEG's total capitalization and 38% of Power's capitalization, providing the Corporation with significant financial flexibility to meet capital requirements and seek new opportunities without any need to issue equity. Although we're not ready to discuss 2012 guidance, which you know we always do on our fourth quarter earnings call, there was one other thing we'd like you to keep in mind as you look ahead and that's pension expense.  Pension costs are affected by returns on the portfolio and interest rates. As Ralph earlier mentioned, both key variables have experienced a great deal of volatility within a period of months. Pension expense will be affected by the year-end values for both, and recall that we don't smooth our year end asset values for purposes of calculating next year's expense. This potential for year-over-year increase in pension expense would differ from the assumption that we've shown in our investor material, that pension expense would decline slightly in 2012 from 2011 levels. Again, too early to forecast, but I just want to point that out as we come towards year-end. That said, for 2011, given the strength of operating results for the first 9 months, as Ralph indicated, we expect operating earnings for the full year to be at the upper end of our guidance range of $2.50 to $2.75 per share this year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Ashley for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers would Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ralph, I know you talked it a little bit earlier in the call, but clearly New Jersey seems to have a pretty high focus on getting new generation built in the state, kind of independent of what happens with the LCAPP process. Can you just talk a little more about what kind of position in alternatives that the state might pursue to try and get generation built or things that you guys think you could do in conjunction with PJM to try and get generation built while keeping the constructive, competitive framework for RPM in place?
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Dan. So, I know there's been a lot of attention paid to this issue and it's really -- you've accurately summarized the way in which it's portrayed. I do have a slightly different view of it, however. I believe, what the state is trying to do, and what the governor particularly, is trying to do is make New Jersey as competitive as it can possibly be. So new generation is really a means by which New Jersey's Power prices will be more competitive with the region. And in the conversations we have been having with policymakers is that there are certain things New Jersey cannot compensate for. We cannot compensate for our population density. We cannot compensate for our lack of indigenous fuel. We cannot compensate for our environmental regulations, which are more progressive or aggressive, depending upon your perspective and others. Having said that, if we can work together to make markets even more efficient by reducing the risk for investors and therefore, on a risk-adjusted basis, make investments flow more readily so that power plants get built when needed, and you see less of the differentiation other than the factors I mentioned a moment ago, then I think everybody wins. And that's the kind of conversation we're having with folks right now. So, that's leading to specific discussions around how interconnections are planned. What is the timeframe of which RPM prices future capacity. What are the constraints that should or should not be placed on access to new shale gas deposits in the region. So I think, as long as we stay focused on meaningful improvements in competitive markets and steer away from counterproductive subsidies of government that interfere with markets, there's a wealth of opportunities to find common ground.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kit Konolige with Ticonderoga.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: A question on another area where there's been litigation, the Power markets. Can you update us on your sense of the outlook for any decisions by the courts or EPA on CSAPR on our HAPs/MACT for that matter?
Ralph Izzo: It's, Ralph again. We are talking here about the implementation of the Clean Air Act amendments of 1990. They have been promulgated by EPA. They've been contested in the courts candidly, all too often by colleagues in our industry. Although they have been contested by others as well. They've been up and down the judiciary system. I believe they've been at the Supreme Court at least once. I don't -- I think that's accurate. And now EPA is narrowing the oscillations in terms of re-promulgation of rules. And we're confident that they will stick. And I think others are confident they will stick. At last count, I believe EEI had 48 gigawatts of coal retirements that have been announced, which is a clear indication that people expect the CSAPR rules and the HAPs/MACT rules to be final in some close form that approximates the proposals. As you know, the CSAPR rules are final. There were some technical changes made, some recently. Yes, there are a couple of states who believe they were surprised, I can't speak for them, who have filed lawsuits. In general, however, we have been quite supportive. We've actually supported these rules for quite some time and have been outspoken in the fact that we have coal units, we've made the investments and we are ready to compete, and others should be ready to do the same.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: And if I can follow with -- in that general area. I think Caroline mentioned that if I wrote it down correctly that markets are responding well to higher environmental requirements, or the prospect, or the likelihood. Can you guys give us any color on your view of forward power markets with regard to environmental, whatever the impacts are. Just some sense of the next few years, what you've been seeing?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So, as I mentioned, we did see the markets respond. In fact, if you recall when the CSAPR rules came out, you saw market prices move up about $2. And then you are seeing some of that. At least our sense is you see that when you look out across the forward curve. Of course, we don't forecast beyond the forward curve. I wouldn't say that we have a crystal ball on that. We think that about, perhaps maybe, 2/3 or so of the price move might be factored into what we see in the forward curve. At the end of the day people like to see rules go final, right? So prospects are good, final rules are better. And of course, we look forward to the HAPs/MACT rules as Ralph mentioned, being issued in December. So, we think we see some of that in the forward curve. We think we see it sustained. But of course, we need to see those final rules issued for HAPs/MACT and we hope, December.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask on customer migration. I think in the past, and correct me if I'm wrong, you guys have talked about $0.01 per share for every 1% of customer migration? Given what you saw in the quarter, is there an update to that or can we still generally think about that going forward?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks for your question. I'm glad you asked it because I think one of the things that we've been talking a lot about is the fact that when you think about migration and its impact on our earnings, you have to think about 2 parts. Not just the amount of migration or how many customers have moved, but in fact, what that cost you. What is the difference in what they pay if they're in BGS versus if they are not on BGS. So in prior years, that difference, which we call the headroom, has been a relatively larger number. It's that much larger than it is today, and that was the result of the fact that BGS prices were still coming off higher levels and there was also still a summer premium, which now is actually only one of the remaining years of BGS prices, as well as lower prices in the market. So, that differential was bigger. And when you have a bigger differential, then as you lose the customer or you lose a customer or a group of customers, that cost you dollars for each customer that leaves. The reason that I said that the migration amounts that we have this year, quarter-over-quarter in fact, don't result in any EPS quarter-over-quarter comparisons, is that while you still have some incremental customers moving, and we saw that move from about 26% to about 33%, the headroom is so much lower than it was. It's lower than last year and in fact, it's only about 1/4 of the level it was when we first saw migration really take hold in the summer of 2009. So what happens is, when you have an incremental amount of customers moving but in fact, every customer, including those who have already left you cost you less and you run out the math, sort of a price x quantity if you will, we end up now in the circumstance with a slowing level of migration on top of a lower headroom amount for everyone who's migrated, leading to 0 impact quarter-over-quarter. You might think of this in a sense in the extreme. If you had a 0 headroom, if the prices effectively converged, we would be indifferent as to where the customers were because the impact for us would be the same in terms of dollars. So we watched the headroom come down. It means, every customer, if you will, is worth less on a differential basis, and that's why I wouldn't use the estimates we had given in past years because they are related to past levels of headroom.
Travis Miller - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Thanks a lot. And one quick follow-up then. If you guys project customer migration either shrinking or getting larger, would that affect your bidding strategy into the BGS?
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, it wouldn't. Because we don't bid into BGS thinking about that. We bid into BGS based on the parameters, of course, that we're given in terms of the composition of the customers, as well as our expectations for forward prices, capacity and the other risk premium that we don't get into on the call for competitive reasons.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It looks as if there's some margin improvement that's taking place particularly in New England and New York. What -- can you give an indication given the fact that gas prices were low both quarters, as to what's driving that particularly in New England?
Caroline D. Dorsa: So, sure, Paul. Keep in mind for -- particularly for New England, if you look at the margin there, as I mentioned, we did the coal sales this quarter and those coal sales fall into the results that we have for New England. So that's really the biggest driver of the difference that you see. Not much going on in New York, but New England is going to be driven by coal. And as I mentioned, we had coal sales this quarter. We also had a little bit in the earlier quarters. So as I said, $0.06 for the year to date, $0.03 quarter-over-quarter.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And can you give us major milestones in the LCAPP court case?
Ralph Izzo: There is no schedule that's been published on that, Paul, so the 2 beneficial outcomes we've seen are the denial of the motion to dismiss of the BPU -- on the part of the Federal court, of the BPU motion to dismiss. And then the denial of the rate payer advocate's motion to dismiss on the EDC case. But there is no scheduled time for the court to act. We are in discovery, however, right now.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then the next thing to look for is scheduling the trial date?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I mean, there's lots of things to look to, right? I mean there's -- from the court point of view, that's accurate. But I think that you'll want to look at PJM's filing of how it's going to respond to the Mopar implementation at the end of November, you'll want to look to the early part of next year where PJM publishes the parameters for the RPM auctions. There are various motions that we will be filing in the litigation that you would look to in the coming weeks and months. So there's a continuous stream of activity. I don't think there is any one date that one wants to latch on.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And sort of the last question there. Perhaps the, I guess, they filed to reverse the interconnect charges with the FERC. Do they need to win on that in order to bid in the upcoming auctions?
Ralph Izzo: That's -- I believe your referring to Hess' filing at FERC and I am in no position to comment on what they need or don't need. PJM sets the planning parameters, we operate the assets and we'll operate those assets in the best interest of the customer base, and the reliability that PJM is accustomed to delivering.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on the coal sales and then -- could you break down, Caroline, at all, this $0.03 item. Was it primarily the sales or more weighted to the absence of cancel freight costs and is there any ongoing expectation around those canceled freight expenses as you move forward into the coming quarters?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. Sure, Jonathan. So, it's primarily the sales relative to the cancellation. We had cancellation costs last year in the third quarter because we still actually have those charges. We actually restructured the agreement midyear this year so we no longer have those costs. So really, what you're seeing, most of what you've got here is the sales, about 3/4 of it or so is the sales relative to the cancellation charges. In terms of going forward as I've mentioned, we have adequate supplies of coal. And since we have the restructured agreement that no longer has the cancellation charges if we don't want to take shipments, we are in a better position. That being said, because we have made the sales that we've made to date, we really shouldn't think about that as really being anything material as we come into 2012 in terms of future sales.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And was what you did earlier in the year, I guess, there was another $0.03 similar in makeup?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. In the first 2 quarters, kind of spread-out between the 2 quarters. We highlighted that this year -- this quarter because it was just $0.03 just for this quarter.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. If I may, on one other the topic, you have reasonably high cash balance currently versus, I guess, part of that may be seasonal. Is this some CapEx timing and then just -- how should we think about what the plan is for deployment?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. So in terms of capital, as you know, and as Ralph mentioned in his remarks, we do have $2.3 billion in capital expenditures for the year. To date, we've spent about $1.5 billion in capital, so we still have a good chunk to go. It typically gets a little bit more weighted to the final quarter of the year as we typically ramp-up. In terms of really beyond that, I think, keep in mind we're just continuing to look for new opportunities. And then next year we have some debt coming due. We have some maturities happening both at Power and the utility, so we have some flexibility there. What we really did in addition to the sale of Texas, of course, which you know is new for this quarter, we really took advantage of market rates and I think we've got good levels for the debt, and that just gives us lots of flexibility, and then we can reconfigure our financing plan going forward, knowing about our upcoming maturities.
Operator: Your next question is from Jack D'Angelo with Catapult Capital.
Jack D'Angelo: Can you just comment a little further on the weather-normalized sales, trends you're seeing at PSE&G? Kind of your thoughts on the local economy and maybe when you see the sales trend turning the corner back towards a growth trajectory?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Yes, it's been challenging this year. I think, earlier in this year, we thought we were seeing the bottom and perhaps same things turn up, but things have continued to be a challenge for the state. As it is obviously for the country. So the numbers that I mentioned in my remarks were the -- are estimates of weather-normalized and of course, that is more art than science. But we do see downtrends on a weather-normalized basis. We do think people are conserving more, maybe not turning on the air conditioner, quite as quickly in the heat of the summer. We'll see what happens when we get into the heating season. In terms of employment data, we do see a little bit of good news in looking at data, August versus August from 2011 versus 2010, seem to see some upturn in net employment in the state. But again, I'm talking 10,000, 15,000 in total. What appears to be some private sector benefit offset by some decreases at the government level. But if you look at things like housing starts or jobless claims, they seem to be bouncing around that level. It's not inconsistent with what we saw last year. So things don't appear to be getting worse. From the economic perspective, they don't appear to be turning around. We do think we're seeing that manifest in what customers are doing in trying to conserve, before they turn on the air conditioner or use a little bit more power. So it's not getting worse, but unfortunately, you can't really say that we see it getting a lot better at this point.
Jack D'Angelo: Okay. So when we think about '12, probably pretty flat to where -- to what you guys are seeing at '11?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. It's hard to forecast all the way out, but I wouldn't forecast a lot of growth at this point, given where we are.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Really quick, just on the pension commentary. When you -- how should we get our arms around what this means for O&M as how much pension expenses is a percent of your total O&M, and you guys have been one of the better companies in terms of managing total O&M across the board. What kind of -- how should we think about like the sensitivities of pension costs relative to total O&M contributions going forward?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So you may recall, Michael, when we we're talking about pension expense a couple of years ago, we talked about it moving up after 2008 to levels in 2009 of about $160 million for total pension expense. It's come down significantly since 2009 into '10 and '11 so you are looking at numbers that are around the levels slightly less than say, $100 million or so. The real question for us is, at levels like less than $100 million in total for the company, how do we think about the year-on-year? So if you think back to our investor materials, we had the bar charts where we show total O&M and then we show pension as a piece of total O&M. In those bar charts, we were expecting to see a small decrease in pension expense on a year-on-year basis, when we looked at it. But given where we are now and given how things have changed, I think it's hard to think about being certain of a small decrease. Because when we think of where both interest rates are -- lower interest rates increase pension expense as you know, as well as lower returns, which increase pension expense -- that puts the challenge there. So total O&M for us, you may recall, when you looked at our numbers, we were looking at total O&M for this year of about $2.1 billion and we were talking about kind of flat over the '10 to '13 period. The pension expense is a little less than $100 million out of that. Got to think of it next year as maybe being a little higher than that. So on a base of about $2.1 billion, you are looking at a number that's a little less than $100 million or somewhere around there for next year. Can't give you a better estimate because we can't set it until we get to the end of the year.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you believe you have other opportunities to offset pension expense and O&M elsewhere within the broader O&M budget?
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, obviously, as you know, and we've talked about before, we do our O&M budgeting on a bottoms-up basis, really looking at every site, every part of the organization. But when you think about the kind of swings that pension expense can provide when you have. For example, the market's being up almost 8% or 9% when we were in the May time frame to the S&P being down about 4% by the end of September, and now with positive territory by the end of October, those kind of things can consist -- and combined with very sharp moves in rates make it pretty hard to overcome what could be pension expense volatility by the end of the year. Not that we haven't -- not that we aren't continuing to try, but that's why we want to flag it for you now, because it might be something that becomes a higher number in 2012 versus our expectations of O&M and net higher than we would've otherwise be able to offset.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just have one more question around kind of resource supply. One of the issues in the environmental rules is that you have those peakers that are supposed to be retired at the end of '15. Are you guys making any progress in these conversations moving forward as far as maybe, extending the useful life of those just to help keep the cost in New Jersey customers down a bit over the next few years?
Ralph Izzo: So Dan, we still have an application in front of the DEP. Candidly, time is getting short for the DEP to respond to that and us to be able to have confidence to keep them in the next RPM auction. The trade-off there is just what you said. Clearly keeping those peakers in would have the -- a maximum benefit for customers in terms of keeping capacity prices down. However, they are not the finest units in the point of view of ground-level ozone and OX emissions and therein lies the trade-off that the state is grappling with. I'd say that we won't know the final outcome of that until early or at the latest, middle of the first quarter of next year. The application is still alive but we don't have a clear answer yet.
Operator: Your next question is from Ashar Com [ph] with Bizium [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : Ralph, just playing over the Central District Court case. Is it fair to assume that, once that the case should be decided by just before the next auction?
Ralph Izzo: No, Ashar. I don't think we should make any assumptions about the schedule on the case. And the judge has the information and he's proceeding as he deems appropriate, and we are not putting ourselves in a position to predict time tables.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, but let me ask it another way. If the participants take part in the next auction, and the case hasn't been decided, we would have claims against them if we win the case and they have taken part in the auction? Is that fair to say?
Ralph Izzo: I'd think that speaking for myself, not speaking for others, I would not want to enter into an expectation that my contract is going to be allowed to continue for the 15 years until that case is decided. But that's speaking for myself and we actually approached the LCAPP process with that as a consideration. But others may have a completely different point of view as to whether or not those contracts will continue to be honest.
Unknown Analyst - : And do you have anything, information whether we're going to have any more hearings or anything on this going forward 'til the end of the year?
Ralph Izzo: No. As far as I know, the BPU held a hearing a few weeks ago, and there is discussion of likely staff recommendation and how to proceed sometime in the mid-December time frame, and that's all that I believe has been stated publicly or at least that's all I'm aware of has stated publicly.
Operator: Your next question is from Gregg Orrill with Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The recommendations in the Mopar case PJM is going to make. Would those be effective for the next auction you think? Or is there really no way to know that at this point?
Ralph Izzo: You never want to say something with 100% certainty, Greg. But I'm fairly confident that anything PJM does in the November timeframe or soon thereafter, would be with the intention of having it effective -- in the next RPM of May. Yes, I'd put a high degree of confidence on that.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then in terms of New Jersey legislation. Do you see anything getting done this year that would affect you?
Ralph Izzo: No, I do not. I do not, not legislatively.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Ms. Dorsa, there are no further questions at this time, please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Ashley. So, for those who have joined us, I extend once again, my thanks, for being with us, and I sincerely hope you're as pleased as we are with our operating earnings through the third quarter, and our expectations for where we believe the year will end. Similarly, I hope you're as gratified as we are that our environmental strategy appears poised to deliver anticipated benefits. And we have to be sure while the first 9 months have been strong and the long term strategy appears to be paying dividends, there are some challenges that remain and chief among them are ensuring the continued functioning of competitive wholesale markets free of government's discriminatory subsidies. But as I mentioned a moment ago, I believe these challenges are manageable with ongoing dialogue and I can assure you, if you're not aware of that already, we are quite actively engaged in that ongoing dialogue. So we look forward to seeing you next week at EEI, and thank you for being with us today. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thank you.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathleen Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Andy Levy - Brencourt Advisors Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, August 3, 2011, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, August 3, 2011, until August 10, 2011. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participating in our call this morning. As you were aware, PSEG released the second quarter 2011 earnings statement early this morning. The release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com, under the Investors Section of the website. We also posted a series of slides that detailed the operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2011, is expected to be filed shortly, in fact most likely by this evening.  I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have made on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. As you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless required to do so. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings.  Please refer to today's 10-K or other filings for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations, and for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, then we hope to have time for all.  Thank you. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. And thank you everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2011 of $0.59 per share, compared with operating earnings of $0.63 per share, earned in 2010's second quarter. The results for the quarter bring operating earnings for the first half of 2011 to $1.44 per share, compared with the operating earnings of $1.50 per share earned in 2010's first half.  We have achieved significant operational and regulatory successes during the past quarter. Although our results are being affected by lower realized energy prices, we are seeing a benefits of increased levels of investment at PSE&G, as well as the benefits to cost control and reliability that come with the operational focus of a dedicated workforce. Regulatory approval for several important initiatives should allow PSEG to maintain its position as a reliable supplier of low-cost, clean energy for the long term. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved PSEG's nuclear request to extend the operating license of the Hope Creek generating station and both sale in units for an additional 20 years. The approval was granted less than 2 years after PSEG Nuclear filed its request with the NRC in August 2009.  This timely response speaks to the community support enjoyed by Power in Salem County, the preparedness of our workforce and the material condition and the facilities. The license renewal of these generating stations means clean nuclear energy will be available for New Jersey for years to come. The NRC has also released its assessment of the U.S. nuclear industry in response to the events at Fukushima earlier this year. We believe the report, which finds the U.S. plants are operated in safe manner to be objective. Bill Levis, President of PSEG Power and his team, have worked closely with the NRC, as well as with state and local officials, to keep them informed about the operations at Salem and Hope Creek.  Also this quarter, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved $368 million of additional spending by PSE&G on critical electric and gas infrastructure programs, as well as energy efficiency. These investments provide the opportunity to expand jobs at a time when the improvement in the economy appears to have stalled. Similarly, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission granted approval for incentive rate treatment effective on June 14, 2011, for 3 of the 5 230 kilovolt projects with a total investment of about $1 billion. The incentive rates treatment covers approximately 80% of our request. A history of continuous engagement with our employees has supported the resolution of a labor contract with one of our larger unions that balances the needs of all parties. A focus on cost control helps us earn our returns and provides the opportunity for the growth implied by our investment program. We have been saying for some time that the future marketplace for energy will be influenced by environmental regulations. We are starting to see the forward market for energy begin to reflect the impact of EPA proposals. Without an increase in price, it won't be economic to maintain the operation of older coal-fire facilities. Our investment in environmental upgrades and our coal stations supports their operation under the more stringent rules proposed by the EPA. The recognition of a similar level of cost by other suppliers in the region will help to levelize the cost of supply between Connecticut, New Jersey and surrounding states.  PSEG Power closed on the sale of the Odessa gas-fired generating plant in July for $335 million. The closing of the Odessa sale completed the Texas asset sale process announced by Power earlier this year, under which Power received a total of $687 million, which includes the sale of Guadalupe as well. We will use the proceeds from these asset sales and an already strong balance sheet to finance an expansion of our capital program while still preserving substantial financial flexibility. PSEG's capital investment program for 2011 through 2013 is now $6.9 billion compared to our prior forecast of capital spending over this period of $6.7 billion. As part of this revised forecast, PSE&G is now expected to invest $5.2 billion over this period, an increase of 15% from prior year levels, or the potential for growth in rate base of 11% to 12% per year.  We are also evaluating the potential for increased to invest been under the state of New Jersey's Energy Master Plan. This could entail increase investment in our gas distribution system for enhanced reliability, as well as the expansion of our investment in solar depending upon the state's evaluation of the ability to meet its renewables promise at the least cost. And this growth, both planned and potential capital spending, can be financed without the need to access the equity markets.  We start 2011 with good results. The energy markets have been strong than expected. We are, however, maintaining our forecast of operating earnings for 2011 of $2.50 to $2.75 per share. The expected decline in contracted energy and capacity prices with the year-ago levels that were effective on June 1, will continue to have an impact on our full-year operating earnings. Over the long term, a strong balance sheet, an asset mix well-positioned to meet environmental regulations, a longer life for our nuclear facilities and expanded capital program in areas that should provide the opportunity for good risk-adjusted growth and a focus on cost control should support our long-term objectives for top quartile shareholder returns.  And now Caroline will review our operating results in more detail.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph. And good morning, everyone. I will review our quarterly operating earnings as well as the outlook for full year operating results by subsidiary company. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2011 of $0.59 per share versus operating earnings of $0.63 per share in last year's second quarter.  Slide 4 and 5 provide a reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter and the year-to-date. We have provided you with a waterfall chart on Slide 11 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and a similar chart on Slide 13 that provides you with the changes in operating earnings by each business on a year-to-date basis. So I'll now review each company in more detail starting with Power. As shown on Slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the second quarter of $0.36 per share compared with $0.45 per share a year ago. Power's second quarter earnings were affected by a quarter-over-quarter decline in realized energy and capacity prices. A decline in capacity prices to $110 per megawatt day, from $174 per megawatt day on June 1 of this year reduced Power's earnings by $0.02 per share.  A decline in energy prices under the most recent BGS contract to $94.30 per megawatt hour from $111.50 per megawatt hour, which was also effective on June 1, as well as the impact of other hedges, reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. A 6% decline in volume in comparison to abnormally warm conditions during the year-ago period, reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. An increase in customer migration from the BGS contract reduced earnings by $0.01 per share.  As we said in the first quarter as well, higher depreciation expense coupled with the decline in capitalized interest associated with the commercial operation of the back-end technology at Hudson and Mercer would have an impact on Power's earnings. And in the second quarter, these items reduced Power's earnings by $0.02 per share. An increase in O&M expense on the Fossil's stations reduced earnings by $0.01 a share. The absence of trading related losses experienced in the year ago quarter and other miscellaneous items improved Power's earnings by $0.02 per share.  I'd now like to go into a little more detail on the change in output and price experienced in the market and the markets served by Power's generating fleet. As I mentioned, total output declined by 6% in the quarter. This decline is partly the result of the more normal weather in June of this year compared with abnormally warm weather in the year ago quarter. Coal-fired output declined by 15% in the quarter. Our combined cycle units were also affected by the decline in weather-related demand and experienced a 5% decline in output during the quarter, from relatively high levels last year.  The nuclear fleet experienced a 2% decline in output. Power's nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 90.3% during the second quarter, compared to an average capacity factor of 92.6% in the year ago quarter.  Power's PJM-based assets, which provide 92% of the output generated in the quarter, experienced a 3% decline in output. The quarter-over-quarter reduction in output was mainly the result of a decline in output from our New Jersey based coal stations as output from the PJM-based combined cycle units actually increased by about 3%.  Although our results have been hurt by a decline and realized prices for hedged capacity and energy in the quarter, market prices have improved with an expansion in heat rates. And as I'll mention later in more detail, we're poised to take advantage of that. Importantly, this improvement in market prices have also reduced the impact of migration on Power's earnings. Approximately 33% of BGS related volume had migrated to third-party suppliers by end of June, compared with 31% at the end of the first quarter. This level of customer migration was slightly less than our forecast and a continuation of the pattern witnessed in the first quarter. So we are as a result, reducing our full year estimate of average customer migration to 34% from the prior 35%.  This estimate assumes between 37% and 39% of customer load will have migrated from BGS by the end of the year. Most importantly, however, headroom has declined during the quarter versus year ago levels and our expectations. A continuation of these trends would result in headroom for the full year at levels experienced in 2010. Remember that abnormal conditions experienced in the second half of 2010 caused headroom to completely collapse during 2 months of that second half period. The improved environment for pricing over the short term is partly the result of very warm weather conditions. As many of you may be aware, Newark hit a high of 108 degrees on July 22 and experienced a weeklong period of sustained hot and humid weather. And of course, you'll see these results as part of our third quarter earnings.  Prices in the forward market also appear to anticipate the impact of new EPA rules governing the emission of sulfur and nitrous oxides. EPA's Cross-State Air Pollution Rules, often called CSAPR, which are the replacement for the Clean Air Transport Rule, proposes a greater reduction in SO2 and NOx for our New Jersey facilities and under the preliminary draft of the rule. The rule also exempts Connecticut and allows some trading of emission credits among the states subject to CSAPR, specifically among all the CSAPR states for NOx, and among the 16 Group 1 states for SO2, New Jersey's part of that 16 Group 1 states.  Given the capital of investments made by Power over the past 5 years and equipment to reduce the emission of sulfur and nitrous oxides, Power is in good position in New Jersey and Pennsylvania to meet the requirements of CSAPR.  Let me move now briefly to our hedge position. On Slide 20, we provide you with an update of Power's hedge position. For the balance of 2011, Power's base load output is fully hedged at an average price of $68 per megawatt hour. With 30% to 35% of our intermediate load hedged, approximately 70% to 75% of total expected generation for that period is hedged at an average price of $68 per megawatt hour. Power's assets by staying partially long in the summer as a result are well-positioned to capture the improvement in margin from current pricing, as well as over the long term, as we typically hedged with this type of strategy.  For 2012, hedges are in place for approximately 75% to 80% of expected base load generation of 36 terawatt hours at an average price of $64 per megawatt hour. This equates to approximately 45% to 50% of expected total 2012 generation of 56 terawatt hours, hedged at an average price of $64 per megawatt hour.  For 2013, approximately 35% to 40% of anticipated base load output is hedged at an average price of $63 per megawatt hour. Again, equating to hedges on approximately 20% to 25% of estimated total generation of 56 to 58 terawatt hours at the average price of $63 per megawatt hour.  Our total hedged position for 2012 and '13 is slightly higher than our prior positions if you're comparing to first quarter. The prior positions were about 40% to 50% of total generation for 2012 hedged at $66 per megawatt hour and 10% to 20% of 2013's total generation hedged at $69 per megawatt hour. We're maintaining our forecast of Power's 2011 operating earnings at $765 million to $855 million. Although wholesale market prices have been stronger than forecast, Power's earnings during the remainder of the year will be influenced by a decline in contracted energy and capacity prices with the implementation of the new BGS and RPM capacity contracts at prices lower than year ago levels.  Power's operating earnings in the second half of 2010 also benefited from those extreme weather conditions which supported output. While we've seen some of that in July, it's too early to forecast anything other than normal weather for the rest of the year. Power's results during the remainder of 2011 will also continue to reflect the increase in depreciation expense that we have noted in the first and second quarters of the year. Let's now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2011 of $0.21 per share, compared with $0.15 per share for the second quarter of 2010, as you see on Slide 23. PSE&G's results were driven by rate release and improved returns on higher levels of capital investment. An increase in electric and gas rates that went into effect on June 7 and July 9, 2010, respectively, improved earnings by $0.01 per share.  An annualized increase in transmission revenue of $45 million effective on January 1, 2011, added $0.01 per share to results. And return on investments made under capital adjustment clauses supporting our investments in renewables and energy and gas infrastructure programs added $0.02 per share to earnings. Quarter-over-quarter earnings comparisons were also aided by weather in the heating season and by the implementation as part of the rate case settlement of the gas weather normalization clause. In the second quarter heating season, it was cooler than last year but still warmer than normal. So this outcome added $0.02 per share to earnings. Lower volumes quarter-over-quarter reduced earnings by $0.01 a share and a reduction in operating and maintenance expense, as well as a result of the decline in pension costs and the absence of a write-off that occurred in the second quarter of 2010, combined to add $0.03 per share to earnings from O&M. An increase in depreciation expense as a result of an increase in capital spending, reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. Other miscellaneous items combine to reduce earnings by $0.01 per share. As Ralph mentioned, PSE&G received important regulatory support for its investment programs. FERC granted approval for incentive rate treatment effective on June 14 of this year, the 3 of the 5 230 kV projects with a total investment of about $1 billion. The incentive rate treatment covers 80% of our request and provides for a recovery of construction work in progress and 100% recovery of prudently incurred abandonment costs. These projects are authorized to earn a return on equity of 11.68 under formula rates.  In addition, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities recently approved an increase in PSE&G's spending on energy efficiency programs and electric and gas infrastructure of about $368 million. The BPU order also requires an additional $96 million of base capital spending on electric and gas distribution.  So PSE&G, as a result of the supportive regulatory treatment, as well as an update of forecast spending on transmission, has increased its capital spending for the period 2011 through 2013 to $5.2 billion from the previous estimate of $4.6 billion. The revised capital program will provide the opportunity for annual rate based growth, as Ralph mentioned, of 11% to 12% from the year end 2010 period through the end of 2013. PSE&G's investment in transmission represents more than 50% of the proposed capital spending program over this period.  We're maintaining our forecast for PSE&G's 2011 operating earnings of $495 million to $520 million. PSE&G is expected to earn its authorized return on equity in both the distribution and transmission businesses. The return is a result of full year of electric and gas rate relief granted in 2010, as well as increased transmission revenue.  Our forecast of operating earnings for the full year assumes PSE&G is able to maintain its returns given a control of its expenses, as well as increased levels of capital investments. Now let me turn to PSEG Energy Holdings. Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.01 per share, the second quarter of 2011, versus operating earnings of $0.02 per share during the second quarter of 2010. The decline in operating earnings for the quarter reflects the absence of tax benefits recognized in the second quarter of 2010, associated with the startup of the solar projects in Ohio and Florida. We're maintaining our full year estimate of operating earnings for Holdings at 0 to $5 million.  Holdings remained focused on investing in renewable projects that provide a reasonable return and scaling back its investments in non-core areas. Holdings currently has approximately $115 million invested in 3 solar projects with the capacity of 29 megawatts that meet our financial and operational goals. Our assessment is that it's difficult in the current market to find projects that meet our threshold for adequate returns and Holdings is, therefore, scaling back its planned level of capital spending over the 2011 to 2013 period to $40 million from $570 million. I'd also like to provide you with an update on one leverage lease investment within the portfolio of assets held by PSEG Energy Resources, which is a subsidiary of Holdings. Roseton LLC and Danskammer LLC, indirect subsidiaries of PSEG, are the owner Le Sueurs of the Roseton and Danskammer electric generating facilities, which are leased to indirect subsidiaries of Dynegy and Dynegy Holdings Inc., or DHI. DHI has guaranteed the payment obligation of the leases to these PSEG entities.  As a result of DHI's proposed transfer of substantially all of its coal and natural gas-fired generation assets other than the Roseton and Danskammer facilities to new, quote, "bankruptcy remote subsidiaries," the PSEG entities filed suit against DHI in the Delaware Court of Chancery to halt DHI's proposed transfer and protect our rights under the DHI guarantees. The PSEG entities request for a temporary restraining order was denied on Friday, July 29, and we have since sought review with the Delaware Supreme Court.  As of June 30, 2011, the PSEG entity had a gross investment in these leases of $264 million. A foreclosure event could result in an after-tax charge between $170 million and $180 million. As part of this potential foreclosure event, PSEG could be required to pay approximately $100 million to satisfy income tax obligations. This potential cash tax obligation is fully reflected in the overall estimate of the aggregate after-tax charge that I just mentioned.  Please keep in mind that the numbers that I'm giving you here are worst-case scenarios and it is not a forecast of the outcome as we continue to pursue our rights in this matter. Please also note however, that given the active litigation status, we won't be able to answer any questions related to the Dynegy matter in the Q&A.  Finally, let me just briefly mention what's happening on the financing side. PSEG ended the second quarter with $159 million in cash. As a reminder, PSEG Power retired $606 million of maturing 7.75% senior notes in April, using our cash on hand. And of course, cash at quarter end doesn't reflect the receipt of the proceeds from the sale of Odessa, which occurred in July.  Also in April, PSEG, PSE&G and Power each entered into 5-year credit facilities totaling $2.1 billion in credit capacity. The company's total credit capacity is now $4.3 billion, an increase of $650 million since year end. And of this amount, approximately $3.7 billion was available at the end of June.  Powers and PSE&G's operating cash flows have improved in 2011 primarily due to a decline in tax payments related to the benefits of bonus tax depreciation which we've spoken about before. The improvement in operating cash flow and the proceeds from asset sales have supported our financial strength. At the end of June, debt represented 42% of PSEG's capitalization and 35% of Power's capitalization, providing the corporation with significant financial flexibility to meet the planned expansion in capital spending.  So overall, we're very pleased with the quarter and maintain our operating earnings guidance of $2.50 to $2.75 for 2011. Beyond being pleased with the quarter, we're also pleased with the operational progress that we believe positions us for future financial success, specifically, the nuclear license extension; the success of our environmental program, which positions us to benefit from the upcoming regulations; the continued success of our cost management efforts; and the future opportunity to make significant regulated investments, which support reliability for our customers and can be accomplished with the balance sheet that supports a good return to our shareholders. As Power markets appear to improve, we can take advantage of that while delivering, at the same time, a growing utility.  With that, we're now ready to take your questions. So Natalia, I'll turn it back over to you to introduce the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: I was wondering if you could just shed a little more light maybe on kind of what's going on in New Jersey with the reviews on the Commission on the need for new generation resource on a long run planning basis and kind of what your input has been, where you see that process playing through? And then kind of given all that happened with LCAPP this year, are there mechanisms the state has available, that if they wanted to force new generation outside of the RPM process, that you see their ability to do that?
Ralph Izzo: Dan, I think there's been an announced schedule, I don't have specific dates, I believe there's another hearing expected in September. But what's planned is that by the end of the year, the state would like to reach some kind of conclusion as to whether or not additional capacity is needed and how it can be secured in a least cost manner. I think the big question in the state's mind is what happens to the HEDD units that are under some ground-level ozone challenges in the 2015 timeframe. And in particular, our concern about PS North zone which fairly consistently prices higher in RPM than other areas. The approach we're taking is that the sensible way to introduce new capacity into the region is by improving the efficiency of markets by making them more transparent and by reducing the risk of investors. And our advocacy has been to make some changes to the RPM process that are pretty straightforward, linking up the timeframe for RPM with the RTEP process, allowing a mechanism whereby people can get multiyear pricing as opposed to 1 year price, 3 years out, clarifying the interconnection process so that there's a little greater certainty for investors who are proposing new generation plants so they're not wondering what their interconnection cost will be. All of those things de-risk new investment and, therefore, I believe are a win for both the investor and the customer. And it's quite contrary to the approach the state took in the LCAPP process, which exacerbated the risk for investors, because you didn't know as an incumbent whether or not somebody was going to intervene in markets. And I think that, that approach is going to have a chilling effect on new investments until we come to some agreement on what the rules will be. So I think that there's a legitimate concern on the part of the state about future supply, and a genuine effort on their part to see how to incent that new supply, and an intelligent dialogue going on among all players about how do that in a way that's fair to existing investors and future investors. And that will play itself out over the next 6 month or so. But we are very active participants in that discussion. And as is always the case, look to do what's best for our customers, as well as investors.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Now do you -- kind of given that your government moves in one direction, they tend to get focused on one direction, unfortunately. When you think about kind of a revision of the PJM planning process and the time horizon to meet resource needs relative to the plant closures at the end of '15, can a solution be found in a timely fashion that meets the goals of where the state is headed, or is there going to be a -- is this going to become a more difficult process as the year moves on?
Ralph Izzo: Well, I think you're going to have a couple of processes in parallel that I'm optimistic will converge. I mean PJM recognizing that it has next May, another base residual auction coming up. It seems to me to be quite committed to a stakeholder process resulting in whatever modifications are needed to RPM sometime late this fall, I would say more of an October timeframe. The question then will be whether or not as in any stakeholder process, the stakeholders who don't get everything they want are satisfied with that, and then clearly a principle stakeholder that processes is the one we've talked about in New Jersey. I'm encouraged by the fact that in this multi-participant dialogue, which by the way focus on important constituency, there appears to be a recognition that a lot of good stuff has come from the market. One of the things we didn't talk about in our prepared remarks is that in some pretty significant heat, we've not set all-time peaks. That's probably coming from the fact that DSM has brought to the market and on much lower cost than new generation. So you're seeing RPM, which is a nondiscriminatory method for bringing in all solutions on both the supply and the demand side, really having a quite a powerful effect from a consumer point of view. And we like that approach because quite candidly, we're in modest enough to think that we're very strong competitors and what we don't like is interventions in that, that favor people who are not strong competitors. So I do think that there are several processes going on underway at the same time, there's the PJM stakeholder process and there's the BPU process. And I would like to believe and I do believe that those processes will convert if we allow them to play out in a rational way.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And one last question, Ralph, just on the peakers that are scheduled to close at '15, is there a potential, real potential that, that closure date can get extended for some period in time, is there a process going on right now? Or is that realistically, those are going to be done at the end of '15?
Ralph Izzo: So there is a discussion underway right now with the Environmental Protection Agency. I mean, this is a classic example being of cost benefit. I'm not going to stand here and say that those peakers are the cleanest units in the fleet and that there aren't new capacity that doesn't have the potential to be cleaner. Clearly, those are 40-year-old FP4 [ph] units that are not the pride and joy of a company that talks about its environmental friendliness. On the other hand, they are a hell of a lot cheaper insurance policy than building new peakers or being replaced by combined cycle units which would have a grossly underutilized capacity factor. So the real question becomes, do you want to get a little bit more benefit out of the cost promised by those units for a couple of years in an economy that's really limping along, or do you want to be more aggressive on your environmental impact and retirement in '15, and that's a discussion we're having with all the relevant party.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess, my first question is the lower coal volumes that we're seeing in Connecticut, is that -- should we assume that, that's going to continue going forward, and why such a steep drop off in output level in Connecticut?
Caroline Dorsa: Keep in mind one of the things that you always have to look at in the year-over-year is the weather impact, right? And so we have a significant weather impact in the business on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter. June was very warm last year and, in fact, if you look at our generation output, it was much higher than normal last year. So when you compare last year with this year with normal weather versus very, very hot weather, you have that reduction that you would expect to see.
Ralph Izzo: It's a little tricky, right, Paul, because we've had a warmer than normal June this year, but compared to the extremely warmer than normal June last year, when we do the year-over-year comparisons, that output is down.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And when I look at utility O&M levels and the reduction in the second quarter, I mean, are we going to see similar reductions in the second half of the year that you experienced in this quarter?
Caroline Dorsa: Right. So you remember that the utility post the rate case started some significant management, as it always has, but with renewed bigger on O&M management. But 2 things keep in mind, so this year versus last year, we recently announced some changes to our pension program and that has a significant benefit to the utility. You expect to see that continue and we just announced that in this quarter. But also keep in mind last year, when we settled the rate case, one of the things that we did was we took a write-off for some costs for our new customer system in the second quarter specifically that had an impact, negative impact to O&M in the second quarter of 2010. So when you compare that quarter-over-quarter, we look more favorable now because we took a hit in the second quarter, and it was $0.02. So you will continue to see the utility's O&M management. You will continue to see good compares O&M on a year-over-year basis, but you won't see replicated the kind of quarter-over-quarter because of that one-time effect that resulted from the rate case settlement.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And last question would be, I mean, if one of the New Jersey plants were to succeed in next year's auction, I mean, can you give me a sense of what that would do to your pricing expectations in the auction?
Ralph Izzo: The answer to that, Paul, is no, because we don't predict the future auction. But it's pretty safe to say however, when those that succeeded, that would mean the capacity prices would have to be equal to or greater than 0.9x MOPR, because you can rest assured that everyone of those plants will be bidding the minimum price they could possibly bid, which would be a number of PJM will publish in January.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Any thoughts in terms of directionally in terms of MOPR next year versus this year? Would it be roughly the same, slightly higher?
Ralph Izzo: Sir, what you have to ask yourself is what's happening to energy prices in '11 and we saw this important months ago versus what were energy prices doing in '08. And in '08 while we didn't have this kind of weather, we did have a fairly high gas price, and so '08 will be dropping off and '11 will be picking up. And then the coal will be updated and, typically, that does tick up a modest amount. So those are the factors you have to factor in.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: On Slide 25, the weather versus normal, I was wondering if -- I mean, sorry if I missed it, but is there any quantification as to what weather year-to-date versus normal was in terms of a bottom line impact? I can sort of see where the utility is but sort of a little more color maybe on the generation side.
Caroline Dorsa: On the generation side? Yes. So it's $0.01 for weather on the generation side of the business. And keep in mind, Paul, as we talk about weather in each of our businesses, we have 2 different things going on, right? So in the weather for the utility we're often very focused on the gas business, because the gas business supports the heating season and that's a big contributor from a weather perspective to PSE&G. And so that's the gas discussion that I commented on earlier in my remarks of a $0.02 impact from the weather. For PSEG Power, we're typically talking about the electric side and the air-conditioning season, right? So even in this quarter, I'm effectively talking about both, right? I'm having an impact for the air-conditioning season in June, not being as robust as last year's June. And then for PSE&G, I'm talking about the heating season at the beginning of the second quarter. So if you look at the kind of the overall for the businesses, if you look at our waterfall on Page 11, you can see that for PSEG Power for the quarter, it's a $0.02 negative in total for volume and weather. And then if you look at PSE&G for volume and weather, you have a positive $0.01. And whether this aggregation from volume can be a little bit tricky. So if you think about that together, you've got a little bit of positive for the gas business in PSE&G.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right, I guess, what I'm thinking is, I'm wondering versus normal?
Caroline Dorsa: Oh, so well for Power, weather this year was closer to normal, particularly in the second quarter, closer to normal. And as I mentioned relative to PSE&G, it was cooler than last year but still a little warmer than normal for the heating season. So it's normal on the things on the electric side relative to air-conditioning, if you will, for this quarter. And still a little warmer than normal, so that's sort of a negative on the heating season side for PSE&G.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So the generation wasn't impacted by weather that much?
Caroline Dorsa: The generation was impacted by weather and volume to the extent of about $0.02 for the quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: For the quarter versus the other quarter, but I guess versus normal, I'm just looking at this, it didn't have a big impact versus normal?
Caroline Dorsa: Not a big impact versus normal. Remember when we do quarter-over-quarter, the compare to last year's second quarter was an extraordinarily warm quarter and, therefore, a lot of weather based air-conditioning utilization.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then just finally, we've got more clarity on EPA, obviously, on your CapEx program. And we have a pretty accommodating debt market, it seems. Is there any thought about maybe changing the debt equity mix going forward, or what are your thoughts when you look at sort of the future here and your strong balance sheet and what have you, and opportunities that might be there?
Ralph Izzo: I think, Paul, we're still marching to the same tune, in terms of volume, preserve FFO to debt ratios at Power in the mid-30s and preserving the utility capital structure as per the regulatory agreements. And clearly, we're strong those measures right now at Power, but we do think we have some opportunities for further investment. We talked about some of them on the call today, we're looking forward to the six-month discussion on finalizing the Energy Master Plan and what that might mean. And we're looking forward to further clarification on some of the EPA rules and what that could mean for transmission enhancements going forward to preserve reliabilities and units to come out. So we're not at this point interested in changing the capital structure of the business and how we run it. But we do think the $670 million increase in PSE&G investment from the last time we spoke may hold the opportunity for the revisits as the E&P plays out. Carol, do you want to add anything to that?
Caroline Dorsa: Just to add, we're having the financial flexibility on the balance sheet gives us the opportunity to consider all of this, of course, without issuing equity. And when you look at the increases in the capital expenditures for PSE&G, as Ralph mentioned, the $670 million from what we last discussed, keep in mind that although transmission is the significant portion -- the single biggest portion of the 3 items there, as we talked about a lot of our transmission capital expenditures, as we talk about programs like Susquehanna-Roseland and the Northeast grid, outside the 2013 period, if you looked at our total CapEx by those particular projects, we've still got slightly in excess of $900 million in completion of those projects, particularly Susquehanna-Roseland and the Northeast grid, that are outside the forecast we've given you through 2013. So there's a lot of money that we expect to be putting to work in the utility, and our balance sheet supports our ability to do that, not just what we forecast through '13, but that additional amount that goes from completing these important reliability projects that we've been talking about for quite a while.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a quick clarification. What is your CapEx forecast assumed for the timing of specifically Susquehanna-Roseland?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so for Susquehanna-Roseland, we're basically still on the same timing that we've talked about before. And that is the eastern portion done by the mid '14 and the western portion, meaning the part with the transferred capacity from Susquehanna-Roseland, done by mid '15. And based on discussions that have been underway at various forums, including with the federal government, we're still keeping with that timeline.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And is that commensurate with sort of a decision being pushed into early '13, which is what I think your last disclosure was?
Caroline Dorsa: No. We talked about the fact that we had just gotten notified last quarter when we were on the call relative to reconsideration. But we're still working on the expected timeline of a decision by the Parks Department relative to the route by October 2012, which we still think is a fair way to think about how that program will roll out.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: If that doesn't occur -- if there is further slippage, that would affect the dates we just talked about?
Caroline Dorsa: It could. I mean, always, slippage could affect the dates. But at this point, we don't have any information that suggests to us that we need to change the expected dates at this point.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then on the capital discussion that you were just having, it seems like you've kind of dialed back a decent amount of spending that was going to happen at Holdings. And then most of the additional is going into the utility, which we imagine kind of primarily financed at the utility level. What's the -- the incremental kind of reason for the holding back, is there more spending you see potentially out of some of the things you talked about at Power or outside of PSE&G, or is it using the flexibility to bolster of the utilities? I'm just kind of not fully clear.
Caroline Dorsa: No, that's a good question, Jonathan. So the way we think of it is we look at the opportunities and one of the things that we always talked about is the disciplined investment strategy maturing that we can put our capital to work and good risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. So when we look at the 3 businesses, we look at the opportunity to see any and each of those businesses. So for Power, we've not adjusted the forecast because the significant CapEx for EPA related or environmental is basically completed, as you know. The things that are still in for Power's capital spending are things like the peakers that we've bid and cleared in previous capacity auctions, and things like the nuclear operated Peach Bottom which we still forecast, which you know has a good return for us. When we look at PSE&G, we increased this capital spending because of the opportunities we saw to put money to work at a good risk-adjusted return, whether it's formula rate for transmission or incremental spending that was authorized by the BPU that enhances customer reliability. When we look at holdings, it's not a matter of saying that because we had the opportunity to increase PSE&G that we had to decrease Holdings, because as we just talked about on the last question, our balance sheet gives us the strength to really pursue those areas across our businesses that have good returns. What we're saying at this point is in the Holdings business, some of the returns that we see some of these solar projects clearing at are not the kinds of returns that we think makes sense from a shareholder perspective on a risk-adjusted basis. So it's not about we have to reduce one to increase the other because we have the balance sheet to pursue these 3 businesses robustly, it's really about where are the opportunities and where might the opportunities appear to be at this point less robust. I just want to add one thought to your comment about the utility financing. Keep in mind, of course, that when we talk about these utility capital expenditures, you should always assume in your model that the financing of them is consistent with the utility's capital structure; i.e., an equity ratio of 51:2, which means that you've got half of them being -- half of the spending financed by debt and the other half is financed by the company overall. So what that effectively means is the utilities get to keep its earnings and cash flow to reinvest in its business because Power is generating cash flow in excess of its needs and that cash flow supports our ability to support the shareholder dividend and to make other investments in the business. So each business keeps an appropriate capital structure, it's opportunistic across all 3 based on opportunities, not a bad place to be when you have a balance sheet that allows you to say you can increase one without having to take down the other, but just pursue opportunities across your businesses wherever you find them.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Is it fair to say the utility plan to you have now is self-financing, as in the equity is coming out of retained earnings and the debt you'll finance in the market?
Caroline Dorsa: No, so we finance the debt in the market to keep that capital structure, right? And then the utility generates cash flow, keeps its cash flow, and we put money in or take money out just depending on how to spend rolls out over time to enable us to keep that capital structure. So I think the way I would suggest you think about it is, Power has the excess cash flow that supports the shareholder dividend and putting money into the other business as need be, and the utility rose its debt consistent with its capital structure and keeps its cash flow, and then we balance whether there's net money moving up or down from the utility based on the progression of the capital expenditures and based on the cash flow.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Based off the sort of next 3-year forecast that you have before us now, is the utility consuming some cash or is it actually still self-financing?
Caroline Dorsa: On this period that we're talking about here, utility is net cash consumer to some extent. But remember one of the other things that's positive for both of our businesses over this period is bonus depreciation. So don't forget as you think about the forecast that we've given before and we've given that stacked bar chart for cash flow, both of our businesses, both Power and Utility, significantly benefit from bonus depreciation and you may recall that we talked about its impact over this period actually out through 2013, to be a net impact in both businesses, net of $800 million about $900 million this year and next offset by about $100 million going the other way, if you will, with tax depreciation unwinds versus normal. And that benefit was a little more than half to the utility and a little less than half the Power. So versus what you would normally think of when you put capital to work, the cash flow benefits from tax depreciation make that a higher number than your models might otherwise normally assume.
Ralph Izzo: But Jonathan, just to be sure, Carol has already said it a couple of times, PSEG is self-financing.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: I thought she just said it wasn't.
Ralph Izzo: PSEG, the parent.
Caroline Dorsa: The parent versus PSE&G.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And within the competitive businesses, for want of a better term, should we think that you have dry powder currently within the plan that you could deploy without incremental equity needs, you're holding back for things we don't yet know about, or how should we think about that?
Caroline Dorsa: So the first part of your question, in terms of dry powder, the answer is yes. Those kinds of debt to cap ratios that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that's 42% for the company and about 35% for Power, right? In terms of debt to cap, give us FFO ratios for Power, for example, that are well in excess of what we need on the floor for our solid BBB rating. So we have dry powder that we can put incremental financing in Power, but it's not to do things that we're holding back, or not telling you about, it's when we see good opportunities that provide good returns, I think the real bottom line to that is, we have the balance sheet that if we see those we can go get them. And we can go get opportunities if we see them in Power and Holdings without putting anything at risk on the ability to execute the PSE&G plan.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: Just wanted to follow up on capacity rules. There was for a FERC technical conference last week, technical conference at FERC about PJM and one of the things that PJM brought up was 5 to 9-year timeline for new capacity in the auction. Where do you see that consensus developing and discussion right now?
Ralph Izzo: Gregg, that's an impossible question to answer. I don't think there is a consensus right now. Except to say that most folks realized at a 40-year asset life was the 1-year price signal, we could do better than that. So whether it's going to be 3 or 5 or 7, it's not going to be 9 or 15. But my prediction, and it's just that -- maybe I do want Kathleen to read the disclaimer statement now -- is that it will be something greater than 1 in the 3 to 5-year timeframe, is just an educated guess.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: And then maybe just touching on the hedge rules. Again, is there any way to know or what is your view maybe on how much of that capacity has been taken in PJM auctions such that if the rules did come down 2015, how would that have a financial impact?
Ralph Izzo: It's pretty been much all of it, so you can think of it as about 2000 megawatts or thereabouts. So that has cleared in prior auctions.
Caroline Dorsa: And keep in mind we're replacing that with our peakers 270 megawatts that is being replaced by the peakers that we've previously bid and cleared, that goes against that 2100.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Levy with Caris & Company.
Andy Levy - Brencourt Advisors: As far as M&A, what I mean by M&A, just more -- just looking at your Power assets, are you looking to add any Power assets, whether it's in your region or outside? I mean, obviously, I know you just got rid of the Texas assets, but what are your thoughts there on just keeping what you got, changing around what you've got, adding to what you got?
Caroline Dorsa: Andy, so relative to Texas, you're right, we did just complete the Odessa transaction and so that completes the sale of both of our assets both Odessa and Guadalupe in the first and the third quarter, and we're pleased with the those results, as I'm sure you know. We are always looking for asset opportunities, focus more, if you will, on our core markets, so PJM, New York, New England. I mean, I said we just talked about in the last 2 questions ago, we certainly have the balance sheet to do that. What we look at are obviously, those assets where we can see the opportunity for a positive NPV when we look at the long-term cash flows. So what that means is either assets where we see that opportunity just by doing the modeling, using 4 curve assumptions, or assets where we see opportunities that we can, perhaps, bring some of the operational excellence focus and we have the Power to either run those units better or put them in the market through our hedging capabilities better, so we see our way clear to that money can be put to work at a positive NPV. So we left Texas because it wasn't core market but also because as we were looking at other assets in that market, we saw clearing prices that seemed to be much higher than we would ever want to spend to buy. And after you see that, enough times you ask yourself whether it might makes sense to sell given the value that might be there. So we're pleased with that result. But that should not be interpreted as we're not always looking for opportunities where were could assets in our core markets. We absolutely are. They just have to meet our financial hurdles.
Operator: Your next question comes on the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: In light of what you guys have discussed thus far for Power, I just want to make it explicit, you wouldn't expect paying down any further data at Power, right? It seems that you've achieved your 35% FFO targets, respectively?
Caroline Dorsa: Right. So in terms of Power debt paydown, really the only major Power notes that's up for maturity is not until next year. So the pay down that we made of the $600 million in April, we don't have anything close to that until next year. The next maturity is June of next year for significant dollars of the $600 million.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: And wouldn't you anticipate refinancing that more likely than paying it down, correct?
Caroline Dorsa: Well, I mean, if you look at the capital structure and the cash needs, you would expect that Power would be doing refinancing over the planning horizon, that would just be consistent with the way we fund the business. Remember that our ability to pay down this debt in April was, in part, the reflection of the fact that we had Texas proceeds so we're not expecting to have something like that in upcoming periods. We always try to keep appropriate capital structure not be too under levered.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: And then maybe just a follow-up to that, you've kind of discussed or alluded to EMP opportunities on the gas side. Any kind of timing around that, sizing around that? Anything we should pay attention to in terms of getting sort of the next data point around the CapEx cycle?
Ralph Izzo: I wouldn't want to be precise about timing, Julien, but I think you're seeing a series of dialogues taking place. It really began with the water companies in New Jersey who had been in a position -- I'm not an expert on this, so I may use words that are a little bit more aggressive than they need to be. But it had appeared under investment in their infrastructure and a recognition by the Board of public utilities that this was partly a result of the regulatory lag that they were experiencing, and the desire to engage in the conversation around clause type of recovery mechanisms for their business. Then fast-forward to this year, where we've had the benefit of 2 years of significant declines in gas prices, I think PSE&G has reduced the gas supply rates by over 30% in that period of time, and yet has an aging infrastructure. So the rational thinking point of both the BPU staff and us in the direction of, Okay, if we have an aging infrastructure and we have an opportunity here with the availability of construction labor and greatly reduced gas prices to reinvest in that system to preserve its reliability going forward, now is a good time to be thinking of that. So I believe all that gas utilities collectively are going in, in the not-too-distant future, with a similar proposal to what the water utilities have done. So we don't see ourselves as unique in terms of regular treatment with respect to that group. What makes us a little different is just the size of our system compared to the others. And I think that's part and parcel of that EMP dialogue that's going on right now. So I do want to say it's a September or December event, but it's an active discussion and one that's more out of the confluence of lower gas prices availability of construction labor and an aging infrastructure that could use some help. And the Energy Master Plan, itself, is expected to be finalized by the end of this year.
Kathleen Lally: Operator, since we're over the time, we're going to just conclude with some remarks from Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. So thanks, again, everyone for being on the call. Look, I'm not going to pretend that I don't wish I could report on fuel commodity price rise, but I can't report on that. But I can tell you that we're beginning to see the expected effects of long overdue EPA regulations driven by the Clean Air Act, and the benefits what this means to us, given our advanced positioning with respect to environmental impact.  We also take pride in the long-term implications of our Salem and Hope Creek life extensions, the focus and discipline we implied to our investment portfolio, which is reflected most recently in the successful sale of our Texas assets, and the recasting of our capital program. Now you can see an even greater emphasis on regulated investments and they range from energy efficiency to electric and gas distribution to transmission. And all of these at fair risk-adjusted returns, and all of them yielding important customer benefits.  So all of this progress continues forward with a healthy balance sheet ensuring continued financial flexibility. So thank you for being with us, and I wish you all very happy remainder of the summer.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathleen Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded, Thursday, May 5, 2011, and will be available for replay beginning at 1:00 p.m., May 5, 2011, through May 12, 2011. It will be also available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Janisha. Good morning. Thank you for participating in PSEG's call this morning. As you are aware, we did release our first quarter 2011 earnings statement earlier today. And as mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com, under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2011, will be filed later today. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. As you know, the earnings release and other matters that we will discuss in today's call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Although we may elect to update our forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless required. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. I ask that you refer to today's 8-K or our other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations, as well as for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP results.  I'm now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. And joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. So earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2011 of $0.85 per share, to be compared with operating earnings of $0.87 per share in 2010's first quarter. Our results for the first quarter are strong in the face of difficult market conditions, largely due to the fact that our employees continue to perform at the top of their professions. Probably the best example of that performance is in our nuclear operations. The PSEG Power team's responsiveness was ably demonstrated throughout the quarter as they maintain their commitment to safe, reliable operations and met increased calls for information on nuclear reactor design and emergency response procedures following the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that damaged several nuclear units at the Fukushima site. Bill Levis, our President of PSEG Power, testified before the United States House of Representatives and Senate on behalf of the industry regarding its ability to respond to emergency situations as well as the operational improvements which have been added over the years. Bill and his team have also accommodated numerous local, state and federal requests for information on the effectiveness of the nuclear reactor design and emergency procedures in place at Salem and Hope Creek. These efforts are an extension of Power's ongoing community outreach to ensure public trust in our ability to operate our nuclear units in a safe, reliable manner.  It appears that the impact on nuclear reactors in Japan was caused by events which exceeded the limits supported by the reactor design. Although it will take some time before the implications for the U.S. nuclear industry are fully understood, the industry has begun a thorough re-evaluation of safety planning and preparedness and we owe nothing less to the public.  And as you know, we filed with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in August of 2009 for approval to extend the operating lives of our Salem and Hope Creek reactors. The process is on schedule, and we continue to expect to hear this summer from the NRC on our requests. This timely response speaks to the community support enjoyed by Power in Salem County, the preparedness of our workforce and the material condition of the facilities.  Now on a separate topic, the economy in our service territory has stabilized and is showing signs of growth, however slight. Weather-normalized sales to the commercial customer base, which is our largest customer segment, has improved as unemployment, although still high, has declined. A return of growth would be welcome as we confront the marketplace still challenged by lower pricing.  In addition to the economy, the future marketplace will be influenced by environmental proposals, which would affect clean air and clean water regulations at our generating stations. Recently completed upgrades at our New Jersey coal stations support their operation under more stringent environmental rules. We are evaluating the impact of the EPA's proposed rules related to the requirements under Section 316b of the Clean Water Act. Most importantly, the proposal doesn't necessarily require the installation of cooling towers as the best technology available. But it's too early to say what form the proposed regulations may take when finalized over the next year.  Other market challenges were also clarified during the quarter. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission upheld critical rules governing the operation of the wholesale power market by requiring new generation to clear in the RPM capacity auction at competitive prices. An action has also been filed at the U.S. District Court for New Jersey by us and others challenging the constitutionality of the New Jersey LCAPP legislation under the supremacy and commerce clauses of the U.S. Constitution. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities has moved forward with approval of 1,949 megawatts of new capacity. However, given FERC requirements to clear the capacity auctions, as well as the contractual requirements to clear, we do not expect to know for 1 to 2 years if this capacity will be built. We understand the state's desire to implement policy that supports economic growth, but we would prefer to find a solution that supports investment in the state and doesn't look to long-term above-market subsidies, which are likely to have unintended consequences for the customers. And we continue to work with the State in support of its economic growth agenda, and we await BPU approval of a $400 million expansion in electric and gas infrastructure programs and investments in energy efficiency to advance the growth of the economy, preserve system reliability and lower energy bills for targeted customer segments. These programs will also provide appropriate risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders.  So we start 2011 with strong results. We continue to forecast operating earnings for 2011 of $2.50 to $2.75 per share. Although there are signs of economic recovery, a decline in contracted energy and capacity prices from year-ago levels, beginning in the second quarter, will have an impact on our full-year operating earnings. A strong balance sheet, investment in projects that garner reasonable returns, and a focus on operations will all support our long-term results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2011 of $0.85 per share versus operating earnings of $0.87 per share in last year's first quarter. Slide 4 provides a reconciliation of operating earnings to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on Slide 8, PSEG Power is the largest contributor to our results.  For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.53 per share, compared with $0.62 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.32 per share, compared to $0.23 per share last year. And Energy Holdings reported a small loss in operating earnings of $0.01 per share, compared with positive operating earnings of $0.01 per share in the year ago quarter. Parent company recorded earnings of $0.01 per share, which was unchanged from year ago levels. We have, as always, provided you a waterfall chart on Slide 9 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business. I'll now review each company in more detail. Let me start with Power, by highlighting the key drivers of the $0.09 per share decline in Power's quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share. Power's first quarter generation margin results were impacted by a slight decline in non-PJM market prices, which reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. An erosion of the margin on certain wholesale electric supply contracts that Power sources from the market also reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.03 per share. An increase in operating and maintenance expense reduced earnings by $0.03 per share, and this increase is largely tied to the timing of planned maintenance-related work at the combined cycle units and Power anticipates O&M levels for the full year to show a slight increase from the levels experienced in 2010.  As we mentioned on our year-end earnings call, the commercial operation of the back-end technology at the Hudson and Mercer coal units would result in an increase in depreciation expense and a decline in capitalized interest, now that the units are in service.  For the first quarter, these items reduced Power's operating earnings by $0.03 per share. Finally, the absence of a healthcare-related tax charge in the year-ago first quarter period improved results by $0.01 per share.  I'd now like to go into a little more detail on the change in output and price experienced in the different markets served by Power's generating fleet. Total generating output for the fleet declined 1% in the first quarter and the biggest decline was experienced by our coal fleet. A decline in dark spreads reduced the economic dispatch of coal and resulted in a 21% decline in coal-fired output. This decline in coal-fired generation is the reason behind the decline in total output for the quarter. And the decline in output was experienced primarily at Bridgeport Harbor in Connecticut, as well as our New Jersey-based coal units, Hudson and Mercer. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor of 99% in the first quarter, compared with 97% capacity factor in the year-ago period. And this improvement resulted in a 1.9% increase in nuclear generation.  An improvement in spark spreads supported our gas-fired combined-cycle fleet and during the quarter, output from the combined-cycle generating units increased 8%.  Power's New York and New England assets, which provide about 9% of the output produced in the quarter, experienced a 2% increase in volume and this improvement came from an increase in the output of the New York-based Bethlehem-combined cycle facility. A decline in prices, however, offset the improvement in volume resulting in a net decline in Power's earnings of $0.02 per share from New York and New England.  Power's PJM-based assets, which provided 91% of the output generated in the quarter, experienced a 1.7% decline in output. Lower output from the coal-fired generating facilities more than offset the increase in output from the PJM-based nuclear and gas-fired combined-cycle assets. But the decline in volume had only a marginal negative impact on Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings, given the increase in the output at nuclear.  Realized market prices within PJM, however, improved during the quarter. And, together with an increase in spark spreads, resulted in a net improvement in operating earnings of $0.02 per share. An increase in migration during the quarter partially offset this gain and reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. The average level of migration of BGS-related volume over the quarter was approximately 31%, compared with migration levels of 28% at the end of 2010. This level of customer migration was slightly less than expected for the quarter and in addition, for your information, headroom was flat versus levels experienced in the year-ago quarter. So the overall net impact of all of these changes in volume and price during the quarter was a reduction in Power's operating earnings of $0.01 per share.  As you can see on Page 16 of the deck, Power has taken advantage of market conditions to hedge increased amounts of its generation. For the remainder of 2011, Power has hedged 100% of its base load output at an average price of $68 per megawatt hour, with approximately 75% to 80% of total forecast generation for that period hedged at an average price of $68 per megawatt hour. We continue to expect total generation of 53 terawatt hours this year.  Moving to 2012, hedges are in place for approximately 60% to 70% of base load generation of 36 terawatt hours at an average price of $66 per megawatt hour. In 2012, this equates to 40% to 50% of forecast total generation of 54 terawatt hours, hedged at an average price of $66 per megawatt hour.  Finally, in 2013, Power has hedged approximately 25% of forecast base load output of 36 terawatt hours at an average price of $69 per megawatt hour. And this results in approximately 10% to 20% of total forecast generation of 56 terawatt hours, hedged at an average price of $69 per megawatt hour.  We are maintaining our forecast of Power's 2011 operating earnings at $765 million to $855 million. Although wholesale market prices have been stronger than forecast, operating earnings during the remainder of the year will be influenced by a decline in contracted energy and capacity prices, with the June 1 implementation of both new BGS and RPM contracts at prices lower than year-ago levels.  Power's operating earnings in the second half of 2010 also benefited from extreme weather conditions, which supported output and pricing, and which we haven't assumed will repeat in our 2011 forecast. Power's results during the remainder of 2011 will also continue to reflect an increase in depreciation expense.  Let me also make a comment about our wholesale Power trading contracts, all of which are served from the market. The losses experienced relate to current and expected migration from these load contracts and their impact on the mark-to-market for the remaining life of the contracts. And going forward, we will be limiting load contracting to transactions that provide hedges directly to our assets.  Let me now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2011 of $0.32 per share, compared with $0.23 per share for the first quarter of 2010, as shown on Slide 20. PSE&G's earnings continue to benefit from higher rate levels, an increase in investment that is earning a contemporaneous return, and the ongoing management of operating and maintenance expense.  An increase in electric and gas rates that went into effect on June 7 and July 9, 2010, respectively, added $0.02 per share to operating earnings. An annualized increase in transmission revenue of $45 million that went into effect on January 1 of this year, added $0.01 per share to earnings. An increase in revenues associated with investments in critical infrastructure and renewables, also added $0.01 per share to operating earnings. And PSE&G's earnings also benefited from an increase in demand, which added $0.01 per share to operating earnings.  Colder winter weather, which was also colder than normal, added $0.01 per share to operating earnings. Weather-normalized electric sales were estimated to have increased about 0.3% for the quarter.  PSE&G's quarterly results also benefited from a decline in pension expense, and the absence of storm-related costs experienced in the year-ago period. These items combined to improve operating earnings by $0.04 per share.  A higher level of invested capital resulted in an increase in depreciation expense, which lowered operating earnings for PSE&G by $0.01 per share. PSE&G is awaiting approval by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities for its request to increase investment in electric and gas distribution capital infrastructure and energy efficiency by approximately $400 million. And we anticipate a decision on these filings during the summer.  PSE&G has also filed a request with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, for incentive-rate making on five 230 Kv transmission projects amounting to an investment of $1.3 billion. The request seeks construction work in progress in the rate base and 100% abandonment cost recovery, with rates effective on June 14 of this year. This represents a re-filing of a request for similar rate treatment on 4 of these projects, which was previously denied without prejudice by FERC. The current filing provides support for our request on a project-by-project basis.  We are maintaining our forecast of PSE&G's 2011 operating earnings of $495 million to $520 million. PSE&G earned a return on consolidated equity, inclusive of distribution and transmission for the 12 months ended March 31 of 2011, of 10.8%. Our forecast of operating earnings for the full year assumes PSE&G is able to maintain its returns, given ongoing control of its expenses and a full year of electric and gas distribution and transmission rate increases. Now let me comment on PSEG Energy Holdings. Holdings reported a loss in operating earnings of $3 million, or approximately $0.01 per share, versus operating earnings of $7 million, or $0.01 per share during the first quarter of 2010. The results reflect the absence of a gain on the sale of a lease in the year-ago quarter of $0.01 per share, and also a write-off of Holding's investments in the energy storage and Power joint venture during the quarter, reduced earnings by $0.01 per share.  Just a comment on financing before we move to the Q&A. On April 15, PSEG, PSE&G and Power each entered into 5-year credit facilities, which in total, represent $2.1 billion in credit capacity. The company's total credit capacity is now $4.3 billion, an increase of $650 million since year end. And of this amount, $4.17 billion was available on April 30 of this year.  PSEG ended the first quarter with $900 million in cash, and this includes completing our annual funding of over $400 million to our pension trust this quarter, which brings our funded ratio on a PBO basis to over 90%.  In April, PSEG Power retired $606 million of maturing 7.75% Senior Notes, using cash on hand. The sale of Power's Guadalupe, Texas combined-cycle plant closed during the first quarter for $351 million. And the sale of the Odessa, Texas combined-cycle plant is expected to close during the second quarter. So our balance sheet remains strong.  The strength of PSEG's financial condition was recently recognized during the quarter, with an improvement in S&P's outlook for PSEG, PSE&G and PSEG Power from stable to positive, as well as a positive outlook from Moody's for PSE&G, issued just yesterday together with a re-affirmation of our ratings. As Ralph has indicated, we are maintaining our forecast of 2011 operating earnings of $2.50 to $2.75 per share. And with that, we're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Could you remind us how much pension is expected to contribute in 2011 versus 2010 for the full year?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Paul, it's Caroline. So you may recall that we have experienced a decrease in pension expense since the increase we had between 2008 and 2009. So we do anticipate a decrease in pension expense in the order of about $30 million between the 2 years. That contributes to an overall slight decrease in our O&M, on a year-on-year basis. If you excluded the decrease in pension, O&M is reasonably flat at pension.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. And then, the RPM auction that's coming up, with all the changes that have been made and what have you, I was just wondering if you have any update on what your expectation is with what we might see pretty shortly, I guess?
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, as you know, we don't project outcomes. We are in the middle of the auction right now. Data was being submitted this week and final results will be posted by PJM a week from Friday on May 13. So that's about all we're prepared to say at this time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And migration, it sounds like it was a little better than what was expected. Is there any change in the outlook there? I know it's just been one quarter, so I don't know if there's been any -- I don't know if that's enough of data point but just any thoughts about how that might be going, going forward?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, Paul, it's Caroline. Yes, you're right. It's a little too early to change any of our expectations and forecasts for the full year based on what we saw this year -- this quarter. Pointing out not just the migration levels but also the headroom, headroom was essentially flat to what headroom was last year in the first quarter. And as you know, as you think about this over a multi-quarter period, it is the headroom that in the long term matters relative to the ability of retailers to garner customers. So flat headroom year-over-year. And by the way, flat at not a very high amount. You remember last year, we saw headroom get very flat as we had a very, very hot summer and high prices in the marketplace, 2 years ago headroom was higher. So that impression of real-time prices given what happens in the market, either because of demand or driven by the economy or weather, makes a difference to headroom and in the long term, that's what drive the ultimate migration. So it's a little too early from one quarter to modify our expectations at this point. But so far, a little bit better than what we were expecting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan. [SAC Capital Advisors]
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: My question was regarding the headrooms that's been answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: My question is on hedging and specifically 2013. Last time, I think I guess it was mid-April, you put out that slide, it was 20% to 30% at $72 on base load, $72. And now it's 20% to 30% at $69. Have you just moved up the number within the range? Or have you added some off-peak hedges or is there something else going on in there?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, Jonathan, it's Caroline. No, nothing going on unusual in there. Keep in mind when we provided the hedging data at the March 7 meeting or at the last call, we had the BGS results that had a portion in there. So now we're just adding some incremental hedging for 2013 as you normally would expect that we do, and of course as you add those hedges, prices come down slightly relative to what was embedded with the BGS hedges. So nothing usual there, really just layering on hedges.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And within that 20% to 30% range, you're now more hedged than you were before?
Caroline Dorsa: That's right. That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: You said 25%. I guess, that is not a partner, that's just that you're saying you're just somewhere in that range?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. We're just in that range. We don't give the specifics within the range.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And I guess if I may add, if I could ask another one. On the retirement of the debt of PEG Power, should we anticipate that you'll be looking to refinance that or is this just part of an ongoing deleveraging?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. So good question, Jonathan. We were able to pay down the debt in April from cash on hand as I mentioned, given the strong performance through the first quarter. Relative to refinancing, obviously, we look at those plans over the long term. Don't have any immediate plans for refinancing. And of course, we watch the metrics for PEG Power and they're in very good shape in terms of where we ended the quarter, debt to cap of 40%. So no immediate plans. The balance sheet's in very good shape over the long term. You should anticipate obviously seeing us do some refinancing. The next maturity actually for PEG Power, doesn't come until later into 2012. So we have a pretty stable balance sheet for Power right now. So maybe over the long term, but nothing coming up in the near term. We don't need it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Fremont from Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Really 2 questions, one, the significant drop in volumes in New England. Do you expect that to be permanent on a going-forward basis for the rest of the year? Or what are you expecting to see given the relatively low gas prices that we have?
Caroline Dorsa: Right, so, Paul, good question. Relative to New England, though, it's really all about coal because, as I mentioned, what we have in New England, of course, is our Bridgeport Harbor Station. And so, given where prices are and where the spreads are, it's a little hard to forecast at this period of time. But we did have some, obviously lower generation because of having the coal fleet and just the challenges right now for coal in that market relative to gas.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That trend should continue also with the generator tax, I guess it was signed by both the House and the Senate. I think the governor is expected to sign the legislation. Do you have any plans to contest that tax? Or...
Ralph Izzo: So, yes, we've joined with others in Connecticut in identifying the fact that that's really going to just increase customer bills in the state, and is not in the state's best interest. So we're an active participant in that right now, Paul.
Caroline Dorsa: And then back on your question relative to longer term. So obviously, the economics of coal and dispatch are challenged right now, and that's what Bridgeport is experiencing. Over the longer term, we do expect coal to return. In fact, if you look at our hedging data and the terawatt hours we expect to generate for the subsequent years, you see increases over this year, and that's from the expected improvement across the fleet from coal generation, given that long-term expectation for some improvement in dark spreads.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess the last question I have is, it looks like coal prices per megawatt hour actually decreased quarter-over-quarter. Does that relate to contracts? Or are you seeing prices that are different than what we see quoted in the spot market?
Caroline Dorsa: Right, so remember, Paul, as we always talk about, the prices quoted in the spot market and the prices that we pay for coal are different because you have to factor in transportation and, of course, the contracting that we have. So if you think about what we have for coal and, by the way we're relatively hedged for coal out through '11 and '12. The prices that we pay -- keep in mind now that the BET's in service, we're not using the Adaro coal at Hudson, and that reduces prices on a per megawatt hour basis to about the mid-40s this year relative to having Adaro coal last year. And by the way, the pricing at Bridgeport Harbor with Adaro this year, and you know we have a re-set that occurs at the end of each year, is about the high 40s relative to Adaro. And then for Mercer, given the BET, it actually also has prices that are around the mid-40s on a per megawatt hour basis as well. And of course, Key/Con continues to run the cheaper coal, the NAPP coal. But that hasn't changed on a year-on-year basis, and that's the lowest priced coal. And actually, that's the unit that was running more -- the 2 units that were running more this quarter. So if you compare quarter-over-quarter, you're seeing less coal being run, and it's the higher-priced coal, if you will, from the units last quarter -- last year's quarter, like Bridgeport versus this quarter. Less coal is running so there's a higher proportion that represents Key/Con, which is the cheapest coal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: I have a quick question about the New Jersey LCAPP new build. Assuming comparable energy prices to last year through the balance of this year, what would a mitigated bid from a combined cycle look like per unit akin to those proposed? Presumably that would be above clearing prices but I'd be curious to hear from yourselves.
Ralph Izzo: Well, let me make sure I understand the question right. So the net coal number is a combination of the capacity of the construction coal and the energy price historically viewed over the prior 3 years. So in this particular year, we have 2 anomalous years in the history, if you will, Julien, we have the $13 permit BTU days of 2008, and we have the incredibly hot summer of 2010. So I believe the net CONE [Cost of New Entry] number this year for combined cycle is about $205 or $210, something of that sort. And the minimum offer price rule says that you can bid no less than 90% of that, which gets you down to $185 level. So you have to have a summer in '11 that not likely to be driven by high gas prices, just because of the fundamentals of the market. But would have to be driven by the high weather of -- and even that probably doesn't get you to what we saw in 2008. So our expectations would be that the net CONE number next year is likely to be higher for a combined cycle unit than it is this year. What...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Any sense on magnitude there? I'm sorry to cut you off.
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't want to put that number out there, but PJM will publish it in January of '12. So we'll all know together.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: All right, great. And then secondly, with respect to the infrastructure stimulus projects, I believe, originally, you had discussed getting approval call it in the April timeframe. Just perhaps, a little bit of commentary around, it seemed like a little bit of a delay here. And is that tied at all to the EMP delay? Is that sort of becoming meshed together? Or is it sort of a separate topic?
Ralph Izzo: So I think that our history of, perhaps, predicting regulatory schedules is one that lends itself more to coming out a little bit later rather than on time or sooner. If you look overall, many of these filings went in, in November of last year. So we're still within a 5-month window. So I wouldn't read anything into this other than people are busy and they're tackling LCAPPs and SOCAs [standard offer capacity agreements] and infrastructure filings, and we're having very productive conversations with the staff about the importance of these things. And as we said April last time, we appeared to have missed the deadline, but we're not worried about the long- term acceptability of it.
Operator: Your question comes from Brian Chin from Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Ralph, we've seen now 2 companies in PJM merge. Ostensibly, part of the reasons why they merged is they’re merging their competitive Retail and Generation businesses and arguing that overlapping of business models is the right way to go. To what extent do you think this changes PEG's positioning in the sort of competitive landscape, just overall, not just for retail, but just overall. Just how do you see the broader strategic picture unfolding for PEG here, if it's changed over the last 2 quarters or so?
Ralph Izzo: So we talk about it all the time, Brian, but it has not changed. We are terrific and getting even better at running power plants and making sure that the output of those power plants is there when needed to supply the market. And the Retail business is fundamentally a different business. So our strategy continues to be to have operational advantages, operational broadly defined as cost advantages, environmental advantages, and those are related to each other in competitive markets. And that's the business I think we're good at, and that's where I think I still see value creation opportunities.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: One follow-up question to this. Many of the issues that investors have been thinking about with PEG over the last year, I think it's fair to say, have come from New Jersey-specific regulatory and political issues. Any thoughts on whether diversification outside of New Jersey would, in your mind, help be the part of the value creation story potentially down the road? Or just extra thoughts there on how to think about that.
Ralph Izzo: Well, Brian, that is something we have said consistently for a good number of years, that we would like to see diversification outside of New Jersey-only footprint. And the characteristics, the features of markets we're looking for are competitive markets with the opportunity to demonstrate our operational capabilities and our -- so that we've been quite candid and straightforward on. That has not changed either.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Be curious to get a sense of the reaction of the New Jersey political regulatory folks to the FERC ruling and kind of, what should we be prepared to be watching over the next coming months with respect to their reaction?
Ralph Izzo: Well, yes, Steve, it's always a little risky to give other people's reactions, right? So I'll play back to you what we've seen reported in the press, which is that the regulatory reaction has been one of disagreement and an intention to appeal to FERC and possibly to appeal in the courts. So I think that speaks for itself. And we'll –- at the risk of throwing a bit of a lifesaver to FERC, not that they need one from me, we too were slightly disappointed. We thought that the clearing price should have been multiple years as opposed to one year. So maybe FERC got it right, but they didn't satisfy everybody with their decision. But nonetheless, we think at least that there was a very constructive decision and one that moved in the right direction. So I'd rather not speak for others, I guess, is my bottom line there.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess, one other question. Just obviously, the balance sheet's very strong, and you've been getting some, at least, credit stability or upgrades. It doesn't really appear that the stock market's kind of giving you any credit for the strength of the balance sheet. And I don't know if it's just a point in time, but just how are you thinking about that?
Ralph Izzo: So, Steve, we think about this over the long term, I couldn't agree with you more. It's, perhaps, in the DNA of the executive team to always believe the stock market's not giving you enough credit, that's perhaps a separate conversation. So we do have some investment opportunities, we talked a minute ago when Julien asked a question about the stimulus funds, and we'll have another round of RTEP [Regional Transmission Expansion Planning] to look to see what transmission needs are coming up. And so we think we have good ideas to get fair risk-adjusted returns for that capital deployment. And over the long term, I think that we still are in basically a commodity business with its ups and downs, and you want to have that strong balance sheet to protect you in the future. So I think that, over time, we will get recognition for our capital discipline and for that strength that we value so highly. And if that's not realized on a day-to-day basis by a couple of folks who are not long-term investors, then that's a price we're willing to pay.
Operator: Next question comes from Marc de Croisset from FBR Capital Markets.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I just wanted to focus for a second back on that hedging update slides on 2012 and 2013 base load volumes. You have about 36 terawatt hours there. And it just occurred to me that, in recent years, that number's been in the 39- to 40-terawatt hour range. And I just wanted to be clear about what the source of that difference is in the forecast between the history and the future here.
Caroline Dorsa: Well, keep in mind, when you look at the way we've now configured our slide, just to make sure we kind of give you the detail on how we did the hedging. We used to provide the hedging data for you on the basis of nuclear and coal and our hedging percentage of nuclear and coal and nothing else, right? And that's where we would talk about how BGS layered in and went from being about 50% of the nuclear and coal to about 35% to where it is now with migration. We've now split out the chart in a different way. So when you look at base load on our chart, so if you look at the chart that we've provided, let's just go out to look at 2012 because it's a full year, you see 36 terawatts hours, but that's a different calculation of the total. It is not total nuclear and coal. It is nuclear and base load coal. So it is nuclear and Keystone and Conemaugh. The coal that we have Hudson and Mercer and Bridgeport is in the intermediate coal category, which is now together with combined cycle and peaking. So the numbers that you think of from the previous way we provided the slide was a different cut of the data. We've now tried to cut it in a way that we hoped would be more helpful, which is to give you base load, those units that typically are running all the time, and of course, nuclear is one of those, and Key/Con, as I just mentioned earlier, tends to run most of the time. And then provide the rest of our fleet in the second category and then give you the breakout of the hedging between the 2 categories, category by category, and in total. So in the aggregate, there's not an expectation of a different expected total generation of the fleet, at all. And you see, we moderated a little bit year by year as we run the forwards and look at the dispatch, but we've tried to break the data out in a different way that we hoped would be more helpful to you. And we'll update it as we've done this quarter on an ongoing basis, inclusive of the total amount of hedging that moves into the intermediate fleet, more than just coal if we're doing some nearer-term combined-cycle hedging. So that's the reason for the difference, and I hope that helps square the map from the prior charts.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: That's actually very helpful. So this is not a reflection of the impact of dark spreads on even base load volumes, that is not at all a correct interpretation, right?
Caroline Dorsa: Right, not on base load volumes, because, keep in mind, that we haven’t base loaded since Key/Con, and they have to run, right? The dark spread impacts you're seeing, as I talked about on the remarks, related to the mid-merit coal in the current environment, but we do expect more generation in the out years with the improvement in dark spreads, and that's why you see the total terawatt hours climbing in the out years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: I was wondering if you could comment on the $1.3 billion in transmission opportunities on the 230 Kv projects that you're re-filing and sort of what the strategy is there and how you expect a different outcome when re-filing?
Ralph Izzo: So when we filed 4 projects, originally, we filed them as a single unit, and FERC basically, without prejudice, refused to give us the incentive rate treatment, and in this case incentive rate treatment is really construction work in progress and recovery of any costs that may have been incurred in the event of an abandonment. And what FERC said is, "You need to come back and simply file each of these projects on their individual merits." So we have gone back, sometime -- mid-April, I think we did, and now instead of re-filing the 4 projects as a single unit, we've re-filed 5 projects separately, and we're asking for the 11.68% return on equity and the construction work in progress as well as the abandonment recovery. And we ask for those rates to be effective on June 14. Typically, FERC takes about 60 days to decide these things, and unfortunately you can't handicap them. Well, ask us on June 15 what we think the outcome will be because we probably will have had it in hand for 24 hours at that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Reza Hatefi from Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: I was just curious, there were some questions on the balance sheet's strength. The dividend now has been flat for, I think, 6 straight quarters. What is the thought process there? And why not have an increase? Why has it been flat, I guess, for the prior couple quarters?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So, thanks for the question. Of course we did increase the dividend last year, in the first quarter, and what we announced this year was the dividend at the same level. So we didn't have an increase this year. And keep in mind, as you know, our guidance relative to the dividend is on a payout ratio target basis of between 40% and 50% of our operating earnings as our dividend payout. Given the operating earnings forecast that we have provided and reconfirmed again on this call, if you look at the midpoint approximately and look at our dividend, you would get to a payout of about 52%. So while we don't look at the 40% to 50% as an absolute, and we're not at all uncomfortable with the 52%, given the current challenges relative to pricing in the market, we felt that the balance of always monitoring that payout so we can keep it in that range on a long-term level. But given what's happening with prices right now, it seemed appropriate to keep it at the same level at this point in time. But of course, we look to that over the long term, as well.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And I guess, just a follow-up on a prior question, you mentioned having an interest in diversifying out of New Jersey. Would that interest solely be in unregulated or even regulated, would be of interest to you?
Ralph Izzo: So the focus would be in unregulated. The approach we've taken on regulated growth has been an organic approach. We're just uncomfortable with the valuation of purely regulated plays, as the premium one has to pay for the regulated the play. And then the giveback that occurs in terms of the regulatory approvals that are required, whereas doing regulatory growth organically is something that we think has been a benefit to our shareholders as well as our customers in terms of meeting some of the policy objectives of the state. And the unregulated space, we would look for expansion both in terms of wholesale power generation as well as renewables growth. The challenge there, of course, is not being bitten by the winner's curse. And what we look to is to find assets that we can materially improve their operation or make capital improvements that are consistent with capital improvements we've made in the past so that we have an ability to differentiate ourselves other than simply having some unreasonable rosy forecast of what forward prices are going to be.
Operator: The next question comes from Nathan Judge from Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Could you give us an update on when you expect the BLM to provide your permit for Roseland-Susquehanna (sic) [Susquehanna-Roseland], please?
Ralph Izzo: So, Nathan, it's actually not the Bureau of Land Management, it's the National Park Service. They're one of the entities, and we did -- we will be giving further detail in the Q, but we did receive a letter from the National Park Service yesterday, saying that they expect a 3-month delay in the issuance of that permit. And because it was yesterday, our construction team has not fully evaluated what that may or may not mean for the construction schedule. So the new news is a 3-month delay, but we've not analyzed what impact that could have on construction.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Hear that. And I understand that the water, the 316b rules are not finalized. But as they're proposed currently, do you expect to have to put in some type of water cooling towers at Salem or the Hope Creek plant?
Ralph Izzo: So we do not -- there's a little bit of work that has to be done there. We're delighted by the fact that the proposed rules, and as you're quick to point out, they won't be made final for another year, specifically mention the technology that we use at Salem as the best technology available or candidate -- one of the best technologies available, I would say, limits itself to one. So that's a positive outcome. The dilemma that we're faced with, that we're trying to get our engineers to get their arms around is that the fact the impingement rate that is quoted in the proposed rule, using that technology, is lower than the impingement rate we've been able to achieve. So we have some technical people trying to figure out if there's something operationally that others have done that gave EPA the confidence to go out with their impingement rate or is that perhaps a miscalculation, where that number needs to be. And our feeling with Hope Creek is already on a cooling tower operating basis.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Okay, great. And just as it relates to the contracts you signed under the LCAPP, and obviously you signed them under protest, and I think that they're for a kind of 2015, 2016 period, how does it work out, given the FERC ruling? How do the generators actually build this? Are they liable now? Just give us a bit more about the contracts and how you see it all playing out?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, well, Nathan, so what I will speak to is why PSE&G signed those contracts under protest. I mean, we're just concerned that these contracts, which we're not allowed to disclose the price of the contracts, but they're above market, and they're going to require billions of dollars in price guarantees in return for some untested claims of future benefits. Now, I'll let the developers speak to why they think that it's a reasonable risk on their part or why the contract is protective of them. That's not for me to say.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Are there any details available? I know the commission declined to provide that until, I believe, next year, but are there any available details that can be disclosed?
Ralph Izzo: I don't -- there are some public documents, but I don't know -- I just have to be careful because as part of the utility we have access to information, and I just don't recall the details of what is and isn't available, and I'd rather just simply say you can get the agent’s report from the BPU, and that's the right way to get the information.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: I understand. And just finally, could you provide some more information on what was in other income, I think, for Power? This quarter, I think there was about $60-some-odd million other income boost there, and I just wanted to see if there's any further detail there.
Caroline Dorsa: Oh sure, sure, Nathan. So in other income, one of the things that is in that is the NDT, the impact of the NDT Trust. So we have 2 items that we pull out of our operating earnings and put, if you will, below the line for operating earnings purposes. One is the mark-to-market on transactions that actually are not the Trading portfolio, but transactions that relate to our assets. That is in margins, so that is not in other income. But the NDT trust, which is an over $1 billion trust that we have dedicated to reconditioning of our nuclear plants, that is something that, the results of which go into other income, but then we take them out for operating earnings purposes. You'll see some benefit relative on a year-on-year basis in the NDT portfolio this quarter, and it relates to the fact that, that portfolio is recognized in our income statement on the basis of realized gains when securities are sold, not, if you will, on a mark-to-market basis when there are embedded gains. It's sort of like holding a stock that's in your portfolio. You don't recognize the gain until you sell it. We did some portfolio modifications in terms of our managers, long-term portfolio and equity in bonds, and by virtue of making some manager changes, some of the securities were liquidated. Those gains roll through the NDT line, comes into other income on the GAAP statement, goes below operating earnings for purposes of our disclosures to you.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski from McGuire Capital (sic) [Macquarie Research].
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Two questions. One, I understand the subsidized gas capacity in New Jersey will be mill per [ph] into, well, not in this auction but next year's capacity auction. But I also remember that New Jersey has the RACT rule, the Reasonably Available Control Technology rule, that kicks in 2014 or '15, which we could lose some of the older gas or oil units in the state. So it is still possible that, even with mill per [ph] in place, this new capacity will actually clear in the next auction. And we heard from some companies still pursuing the bill, the gas bill, even despite the mill per [ph]. I mean, is your view that -- obviously there’s the pending appeals, is your view that this is -- basically it is not going to distort both capacity and energy markets in New Jersey, this additional capacity?
Ralph Izzo: So, Angie, just to make sure that we get our MACTs and RACTs and all that good stuff right, so the MACT rule, which would apply mostly to mercury emissions or SO2 and NOx, are largely anticipated to have an effect in 2015 for coal-fired generation. We're okay in that regard, having made the improvements that we've made. However, there is an ozone issue surrounding high-energy delivery days that will affect some of the older peaking units that we possess, as well as others possess, that right now look like they will be withdrawn from the market, more than likely, in 2016. Although, as the rules are written out, it's 2015, but there's been substantial discussion and some comments made by regulatory officials in the Department of Environmental Protection that they do anticipate that possibly moving out a year. So as capacity is withdrawn for environmental reasons, the market price will call for the need for additional capacity or the expansion of existing capacity. And we think that's the right way for the market to allocate resources. We've already, in fact, bid and cleared 2 new peakers in anticipation of that future. Others are bidding DSM in anticipation of that future. And what RPM is doing is making sure the lights stay on at the lowest possible price. Where we tend to disagree is when government decides that it wants to be the one to manage supply, and it agrees to 15 contracts that are above any market price that we've seen in the last 7 years. So if supply is needed, and these plants can fit underneath the market mechanisms established, then that's great. And we would expect ourselves to be full participants in that market. It's when you start guaranteeing someone a price that's above market for a decade and a half that we think that's not fair to investors who have put their capital at risk, nor to customers who have been on the hook for the long term.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And the second issue, you mentioned that the migration in the quarter came slightly below your expectations. But we've seen one big merger just completed, building a big retail operation. And now we have another one just announced, also potentially or in the future expanding their retail operations. Is your stance still that you're not willing to get engaged in retail as a defensive strategy? You might be facing even more competition going forward for your customers at your utility.
Ralph Izzo: You see, you never say never, Angie. However, what we're seeing is that the headroom is changing, right? That as what seemed to be an anomaly of $13 or $14 gas prices now has resulted in a year of steady power prices with not a lot of movement in what those look like, that it's not a question of Power being able to capture all of the margin that was lost, if we're only selling its electricity at retail. The benefit of competition is that the decline in margin appears to be something that is being garnered by the customer. And that the low barriers to entry in the retail business appear to be resulting in a fairly competitive world where customers are being signed up for thin margins barely above wholesale. So we're -- 2 years ago we saw headroom that was 3x what we saw this quarter. And we think that's probably going to be a path in the future. So I don't want to second-guess other people's strategies, but given the different skill sets, given the different requirements for participating in that market, what I'd like to focus on is running power plants really, really well, and being the one that can be there when power prices reflect the needs of those retail customers, and let others worry about whether or not there's an attractive margin to be gained by being an intermediary. So I don't see right now the Retail business as being a hedge for the wholesale Power business the way others do. But believe me, we look at all sorts of data and all sorts of numbers and follow the performance of others to see if there's something we're missing. And right now I just like the fact that [indiscernible] ran 2% more this quarter than we did last year this quarter. And that's what we will pay attention to.
Kathleen Lally: Operator, we're slightly the past the hour that we have devoted to this, so I'm going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo for some closing comments.
Ralph Izzo: Okay, thank you, Kathleen. So thank you, everyone, for your interest, for your listening in, for your questions. And despite the market conditions, I hope that you're as pleased as we are with the first quarter results. And I just want to reiterate that you can look forward to our "steady as you go" approach. I mean, we're going to continue to demonstrate a passion for operational excellence. We're going to continue to have an ironclad commitment to preserving our financial strength and a highly disciplined approach to capital deployment. So with that, I will wish all of you a very, very happy Cinco de Mayo, and we'll see you again soon. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ralph Izzo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of PSEG Power LLC, Chairman of Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of PSEG Power LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Electric & Gas Company Caroline Dorsa - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathleen Lally - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Leslie Rich - Columbia Management
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Kanisha, and I will be your event operator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, February 22, 2011, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, until 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on March 1, 2011. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Kanisha, good morning. Good morning everyone who is on the phone call. We appreciate you participating in our call this morning. As you are aware, we did release our fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings statements earlier today. And as mentioned, the release and attachments are posted on our website www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2010, is expected to be filed later this week. I'm not going to read the full disclaimer statement, but I do ask that you read all of those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements, detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes unless required by applicable securities laws. We also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help shareholders understand performance strengths. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. I'm going to ask that you limit yourself to one question and one followup. And we hope to have enough time for all of your questions. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on this call. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.60 per share, which resulted in operating earnings of $3.12 per share for 2010. I want to remind you that the results for 2010 reflect the movement of the Texas generating assets to discontinued operations. If we had left Texas in, our operating earnings would've been $3.15.  We were able to achieve earnings within our guidance range for the year despite very difficult market conditions. Each year, our employees put a great deal of effort into meeting the objectives we established regarding the needs of our customers and shareowners. We are indebted to PSEG's workforce. We would not be able to achieve our financial and operational goals without their daily commitment. It is with their hard work that helped 2010 become a year of significant accomplishment despite the challenges of the marketplace. I want to take a few moments to review these accomplishments with you. At Power, 2010 represented a year of record output from our fleet with an increase in generation of 8.7%. We completed installation of the back-end technology at our New Jersey coal stations. These upgrades support their operation under more stringent environmental rules.  We also committed to invest in the new peaking capacity in northern New Jersey, as well as initiated work on some nuclear upgrades. Power's Hope Creek nuclear station achieved a 100 INPO rating. This is the result of the investment in people, processes and equipment we have made to lift our nuclear program to world-class levels. Power announced that it has entered into contracts for the sale of its two Texas gas-fired combined-cycle generating units. The sales are expected to close in late March or early April. But our accomplishments were not limited to PSEG Power. PSE&G won its ninth consecutive Reliability One Award as the most reliable electric utility in its region.  PSE&G's settlement of its electric and gas rate issues in mid-2010, while not all that we wanted, allowed it to earn more reasonable returns for the year and will help support its long-term rate-based growth of 9% per year. In Energy Holdings, 2010 was a year of continued emphasis on eliminating financial risks. We did this by terminating all of our remaining international leverage leases and paying down all recourse debt at the holdings level. Energy Holdings also made strides in building renewables outside New Jersey, with 27 megawatts of new solar capacity entering service under long-term power purchase agreements. But that is in the past. As we head into 2011, we will continue to focus on maintaining high levels of operating efficiencies and meeting our commitments to providing a reliable, clean and economic product for our customers that supports our shareholders' expectations. We will not, however, be able to offset the impact on operating earnings in 2011 from a decline in the market price for Energy and the increased expenses associated with commercial operation of the back-end technology on our coal units. We are providing you with operating earnings guidance for 2011 of $2.50 per share to $2.75 per share. The replacement of high-priced hedges we have enjoyed since 2008 with lower-priced hedges reflecting market realities, and the continued loss of customers under the Basic Generation Service contract, or BGS as it is commonly called, to retail suppliers are expected to reduce margins and earnings of PSEG Power in 2011. Our challenges are not limited to the marketplace. As you were all aware, we are faced with an intrusion by the state of New Jersey into the competitive power market. In January, the state passed the new law establishing a long-term capacity agreement pilot program, which provides for 2,000 megawatts of subsidized base-load or mid-merit electric power generation.  New Jersey is seeking ways to promote newer, cleaner generation in the near term to meet its energy and economic development goals. We understand the desire to implement policy that supports economic growth. The legislation, however, removes reliance on the marketplace and with substitute government management of supply versus the private sector. This is an approach that has been tried many times in the past and failed. It poses a challenge to investment in the state and is likely to have unintended consequences for the customer. We have, therefore, joined with other generators to challenge implementation of the legislation. The complaint has been filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to ensure that the market decides what type of investments in energy capacity are best and keeps the risks and reward of such investments with investors, not customers. An action has been filed with the U.S. District Court for the state of New Jersey by us and others challenging the constitutionality of the legislation under the supremacy and commerce clauses of the U.S. Constitution. However, we are readying ourselves to operate in this potentially new framework. Therefore, we are also considering submitting a bid for new capacity at our existing sites as part of the New Jersey supported procurement process. No single generator or affiliate may win over 700 megawatts of the 2,000 total megawatts to be awarded contracts. The bid is not without risk if the legal and regulatory challenges are successfully upheld, and we will only participate if we believe it is in our customers' and our shareholders' best interest. An investment in new capacity will also have to be considered as part of the long-term answer to the retirement of generation under New Jersey's high electric demand day regulations which are scheduled to take effect in the middle of 2015.  We strongly believe we remain favored by our asset mix, their location and our environmental position. These all support our continued market advantages as Clean Air Act regulations, in particular, become increasingly more stringent. We begin 2011 with a strong balance sheet, capable of withstanding the challenges from the marketplace and one that will also support our plans to invest $6.7 billion over 2011 to 2013 without the need to access the equity markets.  In addition to this level of capital spending, PSE&G has requested approval from the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to spend approximately $400 million over a 24-month period on energy efficiency, gas distribution and electric distribution programs in support of state efforts to boost the economy by improving our infrastructure. These efforts would represent a continuation of the stimulus-related spending programs which received approval in 2009. These programs provide appropriate risk adjusted returns for our shareholders and support maintenance of the system's reliability at the levels our customers have come to expect. We should know in April if this additional level of capital spending has been approved. The board of directors recently declared a common dividend for the first quarter of this year, which represents a continuation of the common dividend at an annual rate of $1.37 per share. This declaration is the start of the 104th year of PSEG paying an annual common dividend to our shareholders on an uninterrupted basis. We are proud of our record of returning cash to our shareholders and recognize the importance of maintaining a strong financial position that supports the common dividend and investment plans for growth. I will now turn the call over to Caroline and will be available to answer your questions at the close.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. As Ralph just said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.60 per share, versus operating earnings of $0.66 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Our earnings for the fourth quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $3.12 per share versus operating earnings per 2009 of $3.09 per share. The results fell in the middle of our operating earnings guidance for the year of $3 to $3.25 per share. The results for the quarter and the full year has been adjusted to reflect the reclassification of the Texas generating assets to discontinued operations. For your information as you complete your models, operating earnings from the Texas assets were $0.03 per share in 2010, and they were offset by a mark-to-market loss of $0.02 per share, resulting in earnings from discontinued Texas operations of $0.01 per share in 2010. In 2009, operating earnings included a $0.03 per share contribution from the Texas assets, which was offset by a mark-to-market loss of $0.03 per share as well. On Slide 4, we've provided you with a reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on Slide 10, PSEG Power provides the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.42 per share compared with $0.51 per share last year.  PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.16 per share compared to $0.13 per share last year. And PSEG Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.01 per share, compared with operating earnings of $0.03 per share in the year-ago quarter. Finally, the parent company reported earnings of $0.01 per share compared with a loss of $0.01 per share in last year's quarter. We've also provided you with waterfall charts on Slides 12 and 13 that take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year operating earnings by major business. And I'll now go through each company in more detail starting with Power.  As shown on Slide 16, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.42 per share, compared with $0.51 per share a year ago. The results for the quarter brought Power's full year operating earnings to $2.15 per share. Power's fourth quarter and full year operating earnings for 2010 and 2009 reflect the exclusion of earnings from the Texas generating assets pending their sale. Power's results in the fourth quarter benefited from a price uplift in the wholesale market, which limited the impact of a decline in volume on earnings. Higher prices and improved margins added $0.03 per share to the quarter's earnings. Power's generation volumes increased 8.7% for the year to a record level. Output during the quarter, however, declined by 5.7%. The decline in volume during the quarter reduced earnings by $0.02 per share.  Output for the quarter was affected by a planned 26-day refueling outage at Power's 100%-owned Hope Creek nuclear reactor, and planned implementation of the back-end technology at our New Jersey-based coal units. The gas-fired combined-cycle units maintained their availability in the quarter, leading to a record level of generation for the year. This enhanced Power's profitability in the quarter as Power was open to take advantage of the expansion in spark spreads during the quarter to $22/MWh from the $11/MWh prior quarter and contributed to the $0.03 improvement in margin and earnings that I mentioned earlier for the quarter. The migration of customers away from the BGS contract continued to impact Power's earnings in the quarter. We estimate earnings in the quarter declined by about $0.01 per share due to an increase in migration.  For the year, customer migration reduced Power's earnings by $0.04 per share. And at year-end, approximately 30% of the BGS-related contract volume has switched to alternate suppliers of energy. The level of switching was higher than anticipated earlier in the year, as retail suppliers turned their attention to the residential market. The impact of the increased volume on earnings was limited, however, by the weather-related uplift in wholesale energy prices as effective headroom was reduced. The increase in pricing during the quarter offset the reduction in volume and resulted in gross margins for the quarter of $53.20 per megawatt compared to $51/MWh during the fourth quarter of 2009. For the year however, Power's gross margins declined from $54.30/MWh from $60.15/MWh in 2009. The continued erosion in margin on certain wholesale electric energy supply contracts that Power supplies from the market also reduced earnings by $0.03 per share in the quarter, an increase in operating and maintenance expense associated with the refueling outage at our 100%-owned Hope Creek nuclear plant in this year's fourth quarter, compared with the refueling outage in the year-ago quarter at the 57%-owned Salem 2 unit which reduced earnings in the quarter by $0.02 per share.  And by the way, the 26 days associated with the Hope Creek's latest refueling was among our best performance ever in that regard. In addition, Power's recognition of bonus tax depreciation on investment lowered income available for the manufacturing-related tax credit. This increased Power's tax rate and reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. PSEG Power's operating earnings for 2011 are forecast at $765 million to $855 million. The decline and forecast operating earnings is the result of several factors: an anticipated decline in realized energy prices and capacity; an erosion in margin from customer migration; an increase in depreciation with the commercial operation of the back-end technology at Hudson and Mercer; and the continuation of reduced manufacturing tax credit due to bonus depreciation. And I'll briefly touch on each of these. First, a decline in realized energy prices. The 2008 BGS contract for $111.50 per megawatt hour will be replaced on June 1 of this year by the recently concluded auction contract for PSE&G which was priced at $94.30 per megawatt hour. Overall, the average BGS prices therefore reduced by about $5/MWh beginning in June. In addition, for non-BGS-related generation, average realizations in 2011 will be impacted by a reduction in capacity prices as the 2009, 2010 RPM capacity auction price of $191 per megawatt day rolled off at midyear and is replaced by a $110 per megawatt day price for 2011, 2012. Also wholesale power prices, which benefited from weather-related improvements in demand in 2010, are expected to be lower in 2011 from 2010 average prices. As a result, we expect lower market prices and lower overall generation. As a note, this lower generation means our coal supply needs over the intermediate term will be lower than historic requirements. Our reduction in anticipated output has effectively lengthened our coal supply which will be sufficient to meet 2011's coal requirements. Second, the impact on margin from customer migration. At the end of 2010, approximately 30% of customers served through the BGS contract migrated to retail suppliers of Power. Our estimate of earnings and the amount of energy hedged for the year assumes the level of customer migration in 2011, increases to between 38% to 40% by the end of this year. This level of migration will reduce the amount of energy supplied through the BGS contract to an average of 14 to 15 terawatt-hours for the year, compared to 17 terawatt-hours served through the BGS contract in 2010.  Following the conclusion of the most recent BGS auction in New Jersey, approximately 95% of Power's anticipated coal and nuclear generation of approximately 40 terawatt-hours is hedged at an average price of $68/MWh. For 2012, approximately 45% of generation is hedged at an average price of $68/MWh.  Our assumptions on migration that I just mentioned are now embedded in the hedge percentage and the averaged hedge prices. For comparison and for your reference, the average hedge price in 2010 for the 91% of output that we had hedged during the year was $72/MWh. Third, Power's results will also be affected by an increase in depreciation expense of $45 million per year, primarily associated with the commercial in-service date of the back-end technology on the New Jersey coal units. In addition, Power's results will reflect the impact of bonus depreciation on its ability to capture manufacturing-related tax credit at levels similar to what we had just disclosed for 2010. Let me now turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2010 of $0.16 per share compared with $0.13 per share for the fourth quarter of 2009, as shown on Slide 23. PSE&G's full year 2010 operating earnings were $430 million or $0.85 per share in line with our guidance, compared with operating earnings of $321 million or $0.63 per share for 2009. PSE&G's earnings were driven by the electric and gas rates settlement, an increase in investment and a reduction in operating and maintenance expenses. An increase in electric and gas rates of $73.5 million and $26.5 million, respectively, that went into effect on June 7 and July 9 added $0.01 per share to earnings in the quarter. The improvement in earnings for the quarter was not as great as you would expect if the revenue increase was distributed evenly throughout the year.  The rate scheduled for residential electric customers is designed to provide a larger percentage of revenue during the summer, the period of peak electric use, as opposed to the winter period which is more weighted to gas consumption. An increase in revenues associated primarily with investments for capital infrastructure, renewables, and transmission investments, added $0.02 per share to earnings. A reduction in operation and maintenance costs, of $0.02 per share was offset by an equal increase in depreciation and amortization expense.  PSE&G experienced an increase in demand from all customer classes during the fourth quarter, reflecting weather that was colder than normal and colder than last year and more stable economic conditions. Electric and gas sales increased 2% and 3.4%, respectively, during the fourth quarter. The increase in demand during the fourth quarter resulted in electric sales growth of 4% for the full year. Gas sales declined 4.4% for the year, reflecting last winter's, the 2009, 2010 winters net warm weather. The impact on earnings in the fourth quarter from the mostly weather-related increasing gas sales was limited by the implementation of a weather normalization clause as part of the gas rates settlement. Just to remind you, the weather normalization clause allows PSE&G to collect its margin without being subject to the impact of weather on it's gas business.  So when it's colder, our gas margin will not go up by as much as in the past. Similarly, if weather is warmer than normal, we will not be as adversely affected.  The improvement in PSE&G's operating earnings in 2010 resulted in an earned return on the equity invested in the company's electric and gas distribution assets of 9.7%. PSE&G earned an average return on the equity invested in transit transmission of 10.7%. PSE&G's operating earnings for 2011 are forecast at $495 million to $520 million. Operating earnings will be influenced by a full year of electric and gas rate release, and a $45 million increase in transmission revenues effective on January 1, 2011, an increased investment.  With the forecast improvement in earnings, PSE&G would represent approximately 38% of enterprise's forecast to 2011 operating earnings. Let me now turn to PSEG Energy holdings. Energy Holdings reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2010 of $0.01 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.03 per share for the fourth quarter of 2009. The results for the fourth quarter brought Energy Holdings' full year 2010 operating earnings to $0.10 per share which was a slight improvement on 2009's operating earnings of $0.09 per share. And the decline in holdings operating earnings for the quarter reflects a reduction in gains reported on lease terminations and lower project earnings of $0.03 per share, as well as the impairment of an asset which reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. These items more than offset the benefit of lower interest expense and other items which improved earnings by $0.02 per share. Energy Holdings successfully terminated the last remaining LILO/SILO leverage lease during the quarter. And this termination reduced Holdings' net cash exposure to $260 million at the end of December of last year. Just a reminder, Holdings has $320 million on deposit with the IRS to defray potential interest costs associated with the tax matter. Energy Holdings' operating earnings for 2011 are forecast at between $0 million to $5 million. The lower earnings guidance for 2011 reflects the absence of $20 million gains on lease terminations since they're now all terminated, net of impairment of assets, lower earnings in the remaining Holdings portfolio due to asset sales, and lower solar-related tax benefit due to lower megawatts expected to enter service in calendar 2011. Just a brief word on financing before we go to your questions. As many of you are aware, we capped a fairly active year with two financings in the fourth quarter. In October at PSE&G, we refinanced $100 million of 6.4% tax exempt debt with a mandatory put due December of 2011 in an initial term rate of 1.2%.  And in December at Energy Holdings, we redeemed the remaining $127 million of 8.5% senior notes due on June of 2011 using cash on hand. And we're in good shape entering 2011. As Ralph mentioned, PSEG Power announced earlier this year that it has reached agreement to sell its Texas gas-fired combined-cycle capacity in two transactions with a value of $687 million. And these transactions are expected to close in late March or early April. We also expect bonus depreciation to improve cash by about $900 million over the period 2011 and 2012. And over that total amount, we expect to see about $750 million in 2011. We're very pleased with the condition of our balance sheet and, of course, all of our credit metrics. With that, I'll now turn it back to the operator. And we're ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Daniel Eggers.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Just on the migration issue, kind of the pickup in migration from previous expectations, if you could shed a little more color on how much of that, the incremental increases are coming from the residential side? And what's your level of confidence of the 38% to 40% switching by the year-end is a good number?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. We try to look at this and forecast it based on the best information that we have. Just to give you a little more color there on the migration, we talked about the 30%, remember, we talked about 24% at the end of the third quarter. We also talked about the fact that the end of the third quarter, there was more of a push for the residential, and we hadn't seen too much effect at that point in time. What we're seeing right now in terms of our estimates of migration at year-end, about 55% of the commercial and industrial customers who can be served by the BGS products have migrated. And for residentials, we see about a 7% net migration for those customers at year-end. In terms of forecasting, obviously, it's something we spend a lot of time internally looking at with a variety of models to try to triangulate it. And so we're giving you that guidance range of about 38% to 40%, as reasonable. Keep in mind there's a bit of a lag in the data, so we're working with the data that comes to us through about November. And then we're estimating it out during the period.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: And then on the switching potential, are you guys re-evaluating, maybe your retail strategy, as far as you're trying to retain more of those customers or pursue them another route as this number gets bigger over time?
Ralph Izzo: Dan, this is Ralph. We're not reconsidering a retail strategy. It's a very difficult business with razor-thin margins where one mistake wipes out a year's worth of effort. But what we are doing in the wholesale side is of course, we are working with third-party suppliers to meet their needs, and we remain active in that regard. You remember, over time, as BGS begins to more closely mirror the market, we at Power will be somewhat indifferent as to whether our customers or BGS customer or a third-party customer -- right now, the effects are painful because of a rapid drop in market prices. I think Carol may want to answer that.
Caroline Dorsa: Again, one other thing to keep in mind relative to the retail strategy, one of the things that we've talked about during the year, and as we saw with very, very warm weather and higher prices is that effective headroom does tend to move around quite a bit. And so to the extent that you think about the business being predicated on a certain amount of headroom that you might forecast based on, say, normal forward curves, we did see periods during the very hot summer and the very cold winter where that effective headroom collapsed to a very small number. And so the economics of those migrated versus the price that we achieved by selling through the market became much reduced in terms of a loss for us. And that's something that those dynamics would continue to happen because they are really the realities of the market as you do in pricing.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: When you gave your 2012 forward power of sale, the hedged numbers you had, are you assuming kind of a 38% to 40% shopping number in that hedge percentage when you think about pricing and volumes?
Caroline Dorsa: We did forecast -- I won't go into those numbers at this point. But we did forecast a small amount of incremental migration in 2012 just consistent with the deltas that we see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just on the customer migration issue, the 30% to 40%, that's customers, correct, as opposed to megawatt-hours?
Caroline Dorsa: No. It's megawatt-hours.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So that's considerably less than what we see in Connecticut, and I know you guys operate in Connecticut. If we could get to see a difference in headroom there, and could you give us just a little bit of a flavor for what headroom is in 2011 that you're looking at here versus the retail side of the economics we're looking at?
Caroline Dorsa: Well, relative to headroom, we tracked headroom on a month-by-month basis. And you have to work it up based on looking at what the prices that you would achieve in the market versus the price that you achieve from your BGS. But you have to subtract all of those things that are costs that a retailer would also have to look at. And so what I can tell you is we've seen that number be in a mid-double digit to as low as almost zero, depending on the month-to-month variation of the prices in the market place. But you just have to work that up. I mean everybody I think, can work that up independently using the prices in the market, the costs that are associated and net margin that's actually left to someone who would go into that business and then compare it to that same calculation looking at the BGS price.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So for 2011, you guys are estimating low double-digits to -- is that low double-digit you said to zero?
Caroline Dorsa: So we're not giving the particular number from migration. But let me see if this helps you think about it. In 2010, because of the way in which we saw weather, warm summer weather, cold winter weather earlier in the year, you saw that headroom collapse in some periods to a very low number, a number that we don't think would support being in the Retail business. In 2011, what I'm signaling here is we're not forecasting higher weather. We usually just forecast normal weather. So we're forecasting the normal amount of headroom that you would get if you just worked up from using the current BGS price and in the new one that cleared and that rolls in June, comparing it to the forward curve and then working that up, and you could work that up based on normal weather and then come to your own estimates of what that would be.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: When we're looking at the customer migration issue, there is some legislation, I guess dealing with municipal, I'm not sure if it's municipal aggregation or what the actual -- I looked at the legislation but I was a little confused by it that, that was being reported about in New Jersey. Do you see any customer aggregation issues? And also just in general, like I said you guys work in Connecticut as well as in New Jersey, and I guess the difference is between those markets seem pretty substantial. If you could just give us any flavor for the differences between those two things and opt out that aggregation maybe?
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, I'm not familiar with the specifics of the Retail markets in Connecticut to be candid. In New Jersey, there has been an ongoing bit of aggregation that's taken place amongst schools and municipalities. So that's been an active market for years. The legislation you're referring to relates to multiple systems and municipal systems, as opposed to anything that customers have not already been empowered to do in New Jersey. So I don't see that as having a major impact on BGS.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leslie Rich.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: You said that CapEx would be $6.7 billion over the 2011 to '13 time frame, and I think that's up about $800 million. I wondered if you could walk through, not to steal your thunder from the analyst’s day, but walk through just broadly where that capital is being allocated?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, Leslie. Happy to do that. We did give the numbers then, you're right, for 2011 through 2013. And as you know from the disclosures that we've given out before relative to where most of that capital is going to be spent, it will be at the utility as we implement the key programs at the utility. And so as you look out in '11, '12 and '13 and you'll see this as, the 10-K is filed, what you see for capital spend for PSE&G is approximately $1.5 billion in each of the three years of 2011, '12 and '13. And you know from the conversations we've had before that the single biggest piece of that by far is what we're doing in transmission.  And then for Power, you see numbers for Power that's basically the delta. There's a small piece that's clearly of non-utility renewables as well. But Power's numbers in '11, '12 and '13 are about $670 million in '11, slightly less than $500 million in '12, and about $340 million in '13, and then there's a small piece for non-utility renewables. And these numbers that we just described don't include the numbers that Ralph just mentioned relative to the opportunities for new filings that we're looking at for potentially for the electric that we just mentioned. So when you think about these numbers, we're always looking at those opportunities for more investment on the utility side subject to getting contemporaneous return. I think the other thing to point out we've talked about before, but just to remind everyone, because we have the back-end technology going into effect, when you look at our total profile here in terms of the amount we're spending, in total in excess of $2 billion each of the next three years, when you look to the environmental and regulatory in Power, you're seeing numbers that are less than $100 million in each of those years, because of so much of that spending already being behind us. Hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack D'Angelo.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you guys provide any color as to what sort of step-up in O&M you expect to see in '11 at Power?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So at Power, we see a small step-up in O&M, low single-digit number based on the fact that we have -- obviously with the back-end technology going into effect with some small incremental costs there. But consistent with our theme that we've talked about for a long period of time, O&M control is a critical thing that we focus on in the company. And so we'll continue that strong O&M control at the utility, such that we continue to have a very low growth rate in O&M for the company on a three-year basis.
Unidentified Analyst: So we can think of '11 as maybe a little bit higher than usual step-up because of the items you just spoke about?
Caroline Dorsa: No. I would say a small step-up for Power that low single-digit number, you've got the major maintenance on the combined cycle unit, that sort of thing happens on a scheduled basis. But you don't build it in some base because after it occurs, you don't have it in the subsequent year. And so you've got a little more cost for Power in this year because of that. But our overall focus is strong O&M control across the company on a multiyear horizon, and we're committed to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Fremont.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: On the bonus depreciation, you talked about $900 million for total, how much of that is utility, and how much of that is unregulated?
Caroline Dorsa: Good question, Paul. I think the way to think about it, because this is a bit of a moving target as we finalize and understand all the IRS rules. But slightly more than half of it is in the Utility and the remainder is at Power. So there's a significant amount for each of our companies, a little more in the Utility than in Power.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And between that cash and also the cash that you're getting from the sale of the Texas plant, we should assume that most of that is being reinvested into Utility infrastructure projects?
Ralph Izzo: That's right, Paul. We think we have some great uses for the capital, and we think that we're getting a reasonable risk adjusted return for that. And as long as we have those good ideas, we'll continue to re-invest that capital. If we don't have those good ideas, we won’t be shy about returning it to shareholders. But right now, we think we have some good uses for it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: My question is just on the migration topic again. I got from your comments, Caroline, you think you have headroom not being as tight as it was in the fourth quarter that the impact would've been less. Is that in terms of seeing less customers switch or your ability to sell the Power at better prices, or a combination of those two? And if they're embedded within your statements, some view of what switching would've been if you haven't had the weather we had in Q4?
Caroline Dorsa: No. I'd say, Jonathan, if the headroom has been greater than we saw it in the fourth quarter because of the higher market prices based on the cold weather, we would've had a higher impact than our $0.01 per share, right? So I think there's also a bit of a lead lag effect as well, right? So you've got headroom moving with how the weather or demand changes, market prices and therefore, the net effect to us. That's going to have a feedback effect on how retailers think about being in this market longer-term. Those two things would've happen in exactly the same months. But as the dynamics of headroom have suggested that it really does move quite a bit in our market as it probably does in every market. It makes for some different choices presumably for retailers of how aggressively to think about this market. But in general, think about it as higher market prices, reduced headroom. Reduced headroom means lower net impact for us for every customer that has migrated in terms of our bottom line.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: But less migration, I guess?
Caroline Dorsa: No. Less impact in terms of the dollar impact to our bottom line from that customer having left because keep in mind, if that customer has left BGS, they're still ultimately buying power from a retailer who is, in most cases, not a generator and has to buy from the market, and we supply the market. So the question is, what's the price that we achieved when we supply the market? If we supply the market through BGS, it's the BGS price. If we supply the market through PJM or through other hedges or directly into the market, we're getting the market price to the extent that pressure because of weather pushes that market price up, and the BGS price is fixed, the gap between BGS and market shrinks when there's pressure. And therefore, it costs us less to have lost the customer than it would otherwise cost us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Can I just get a little bit perspective, I'm trying to figure out the drop in earnings from '10 to '11? And you've mentioned, if I'm right, there's some depreciation from the plants, and of course, lower margin. Is there something that you could give us which would break down those items precisely from the 1,091 to say, the 805 midpoint as to the impacts of the items that you kind of pointed out?
Caroline Dorsa: So we don't do that breakdown precisely. But let me just remind you of a couple of the factors that hopefully should help you in the modeling. So you're right, on the back-end technology going into service, that's going to be an easy one to specifically identify. Remember, we've talked about the fact that we've spent about $1 billion on the back-end technologies for Hudson and Mercer. That incremental depreciation for Power on a year-on-year basis, almost all of which relates to BET, is about $45 million. That's a pretax expense hit. We also just talked about the fact that there's a small, again, low single-digit impact on O&M on a year-on-year basis combined cycle major maintenance. Again, that's something that you should bake in on a year-on-year basis, that's important for 2011.  And then the two things that I would focus you back on, in terms of doing the calculations when you think about margin is the hedge price that we talked about. So recall that we said that we are 95% hedged for our coal and nuclear generation, about 40 terawatt-hours at a $68/MWh price. And that compares to 2010 hedges of about 91% at $72/MWh. So you've got a $4/MWh differential on 95% or 91% of 40 terawatt-hours. And if you do the math on that, you'll obviously see that, that's a significant contributor to the year-on-year.  The other thing to keep in mind with that is, we're 95% hedged now, we were 91% last year. That left us a little bit more open to the market, and as we just talked about, the market had some hot weather and higher prices that enabled us to capture a little bit more from the open position. Now we don't know what this year's weather will be. But what we forecast, we always forecast for normal weather. And then the last piece, just to remind you as we talked about, the capacity price. So it's something that occurred a while ago. We talked about it as near term as migration in BGS. But we do have that roll-off of that higher capacity price, the 191 that rolls off in mid-year this year and is replaced by the 110 which was the clear for mid-'11 to mid-'12. That's how we get paid for a significant portion of our 10,000 megawatts that don't embed that price in the BGS. But outside of BGS, that's a direct payment that Power’s generation receives, and that downdraft of about $81 per megawatt day. If you calculate that back through the proportion of Power's assets that are entitled to now the lowered payment for about 58% of the year, you'll have another big piece of the picture. So I hope that helps us in giving you the pieces. You obviously have to embed your own assumptions for how you think about forward prices, if you think about what the forward curve differently and how you think about weather. But that's how we've come up with the guidance that we're providing.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: If I could just follow up, based on previous slides that you have provided in the decks, am I right that coal costs are expected to be like lower in '11 versus '10? I mean will nuclear fuel costs are expected to be higher versus '11 or versus '10?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. So nuclear fuel costs have been going up. And you're right, we have talked about that in our prior decks. Relative to coal, a couple of things, so we do have some of these higher-priced Adaro coal as you probably recall that we used at Bridgeport. But in Hudson, because of the completion of back-end technology, we now no longer have to use Adaro at that location. So if you think about overall and through our coal fleet, total coal costs are down about $1/MWh, so not dramatically different when you do a weighted average and you recognize that Adaro is no longer required for Hudson.  The other thing to keep in mind as we think about coal dispatch within our region is don't forget the BET costs. Obviously, will get folded into how we think about our dispatch, and that increases the cost for those units, Mercer and Hudson, on a megawatt-hour basis. So net-net total, slightly up per megawatt hour in total coal dispatch costs when you think about those economics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: I just wanted to ask more on the capacity market expectations, what are you guys thinking for this upcoming auction latest in light of the latest revisions, and then also with respect to PS North, is that something that you would anticipate clearing potentially separately? And I'll begin there.
Ralph Izzo: Julien, as you know, we don't forecast the results of the auctions, not for BGS North  RPM. I do believe PJM came out with their latest load forecast which is available on OASIS. It's modestly less robust than prior forecast but don't mean to be disrespectful. We just don't like to forecast what those outcomes might look like.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: And then beyond that, as I can tell from your comments, it seems that you're looking at participating in the New Jersey auction itself or a New Jersey arbitration for the new capacity. Is that operating simultaneously with your litigation? I mean, how are the various pieces moving there with regard to your decision of participating on that side?
Ralph Izzo: Yes. The answer to that is they are operating simultaneously. And we don't think that having government-managed supply is the best way to go. And we are making that case both in the courts. And having said that, if people disagree with us, we have to make sure the lights stay on and that we participate in whatever mechanism our policymakers choose to provide supply. So unfortunately, these things cannot happen sequentially. They are all going on at the same time. So yes, we are participating in the New Jersey process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Chen.
Unidentified Analyst: So you've raised the transmission CapEx outlook while the things now in PJM lowered the load forecast a little bit, and then New Jersey did the power plant legislation. If you could just give a little bit more color on how much of the '11 to '13 CapEx is locked-in versus how much is potentially subject to delay? If you could kind of clarify that, or maybe just give some color on that?
Ralph Izzo: So Brian, I don't think we lowered the transmission forecast if I'm not mistaken. I'll go back to doublecheck that number. But as you know, our transition forecast is a direct offshoot of the PJM RTEP process, the regional transmission expansion program. So that has multiple elements that go into it. One element of course as you pointed out is what's happening to demand. But a second component is what's happening to supply, both additions and retirements, and then single, double and subsequent contingency analysis. So I won't bore you with the rigorous engineering analysis of why certain 60, 90, KV projects needed, versus 230, versus 500 But we don't make up that transmission capital program. It's a direct offshoot of PJM's RTEP which factors in their demand forecast. With regard to any substantial increase in generation that results from the New Jersey process, well, we'll just have to see where that pans up. Our position has been and remains that the market has not been calling for the need for 2,000 additional megawatts. And that this will be a subsidized oversupplies circumstance if it does go through to completion. And I think that PJM is being consistent in its view of the world. They have filed at FERC something similar to the P3 group that is filing, which really sets at a lower cost way to make sure that reliability preserve right now is through RPM and the RTEP, and that would best meet the needs of the customers in the near and long term.
Unidentified Analyst: And then one extra question, on that court challenge versus the New Jersey legislation, can you just give us a sense of timeline and what sort of things to expect over, say, that six months or so?
Ralph Izzo: So I think from the point of the court challenge that is very difficult to do. I would like to have you join me when I talk to our attorneys in-house to force them to give us that answer. But of course, no one is willing to predict court schedules or court outcomes. But we do believe that in the other venue namely at FERC, which is obviously a regulatory discussion, there the timetables are a bit more predictable, and we're believing a mid-April timetable for FERC to respond to our pleading and the PJM's pleading.
Unidentified Analyst: If that was an offer for me to join you with your attorneys, I'll take it.
Ralph Izzo: But Brian, I think from the FERC perspective, what's really important is prior to the RPM auction in May.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One, what's the latest just in terms of the citing and permitting sides for Susquehanna-Roseland, that's question one? And question two, what are your thoughts about when you're going to file another distribution rate case?
Ralph Izzo: Michael, so Susquehanna-Roseland remains with a critical path item of the National Park Service. And I don't believe we have anything we would report in that regard. So it's looking like a decision from them late in 2012 with in-service dates of the eastern part in 2014 middle of the year, in the western part in 2015 middle of the year. And then distribution base rate case, not as far as the eye can see, so we'd like to control costs and manage our CapEx in a way that we avoid having to seek rate release.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Is there kind of a rule of thumb, you mentioned you're just under 10% earned ROE. Is there a rule of thumb though kind of what your typical trigger point, meaning when you reach below a certain level of earned ROE, when you say, okay, now it's gone.
Ralph Izzo: There is no magic number or bright line. Remember that 97 was because we had rate relief for half the year. So we would expect with our cost control to do modestly better than that this year. And also, we are making sure that any capital expansion programs that we have, and we've talked about several of them, both in transmission and distribution, have clause-like treatment that avoids the regulatory leg that can be so harmful to our shareholders. So I think we're -- just let me repeat as far as the eye can see, we're not anticipating base rate case preceding.
Kathleen Lally: Operator, I'm just going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo so at this point, if I may. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: So let me express my thanks to all of you for joining us today and your many questions. And allow me to remind you that on March 7, we'll have our Investor Conference in New York City. If you need the specifics of that, Kathleen and Carlotta will be happy to make that known to you. And we hope to see you there. If you have additional questions that arise between now and then, we'll have plenty of time to spend with you to go over that. And again, thank you for being with us today and hope to see you on March 7. Take care, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Kathleen Lally – VP, IR Ralph Izzo – Chairman, President and CEO Caroline Dorsa – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Paul Fremont – Jefferies Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company Marc De Croisset – FBR Capital Markets Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management Leslie Rich – JPMorgan Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Deshandra and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the PSEG third quarter 2010 earnings conference call and webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, October 27th, 2010 and will be available for telephone replay, beginning at 1 o’clock PM Eastern Time today, until 11:59 PM Eastern Time on November 3rd, 2010. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, operator. Good morning. Thank you all for participating in PSEG’s call. As you are aware, we released our third quarter 2010 earnings statements earlier today. They are also the release and the attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com in the Investors section. We also have posted a series of slides that detail our operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30th, 2010 it will be filed shortly. I’m not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments that we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. However, as you know the release and other matters that we will discuss in today’s call contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes unless we are absolutely required to do so obviously. Our release also contains adjusted non-GAAP operating earnings. Please refer to our 8-K today containing the earnings statement and other filings for a discussion of the factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts and expectations, and for a reconciliation of those operating earnings to GAAP results. I’m now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions, and we do ask that you limit yourself to a one question and one follow-up. We hope that there will be plenty of time for all of your questions today. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2010 of $1.06 per share compared with operating earnings of $0.92 per share in 2009’s third quarter. Overall, operating earnings benefited from strong weather related demand. New Jersey experienced the hottest summer on record this year. This stands in contrast to last year’s very cool weather conditions. For the past three quarters, we’ve been saying the economy appears to have stabilized, well that story remains unchanged. The signals coming from employment levels and housing indicate the economy may have bottomed, but as of yet no signs of a significant recovery have appeared. Company execution was strong in the quarter. Our fossil generating units in particular were available to respond to the increase in demand and our employees continue to support our results through their constant focus on operating efficiency and cost control. Capital commitments are being met as well. PSEG Power is in the midst of testing the backend technology installed on the Hudson and Mercer Coal Stations. These units are expected to meet stringent environmental requirements for sulfur, mercury, nitrous oxides in particular. PSEG is in the midst of a $700 million capital program that will produce a 160 megawatts of solar energy. PSEG Energy Holdings has completed the installation of 29 megawatts of solar capacity in New Jersey, Ohio and Florida, and is reviewing additional PPA supported solar investments. These are but a few examples. Caroline will have more details on the capital program later on. We’re moving forward with PSEG substantial capital investment and transmission. The update we’re providing you today of PSEG planned capital outlays takes into account the announced reductions in distribution related spending, the delay in construction of the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line, and PJM’s recently approved reconfiguration of the Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson transmission line. The net result will be a capital program yielding annual growth in the utilities rate base of 9.5% per year over 2010 to 2013 with transmission continuing its role as our most significant area of investment. We continue to reduce our financial risk and maintain our focus on core markets. PSEG Energy Holdings successfully terminated another two cross-border leases during the quarter. Over the past two years, the successful termination of 17 leases has reduced the Holdings’ potential tax liability by $1 billion with one lease remaining in the cross-border lease portfolio. PSEG Power announced during the quarter that it is exploring the sale of its Texas gas-fired combined cycle generating capacity. If successful, we expect the sale to close during the first quarter of 2011. We’ve been saying that we need us to get bigger in Texas or get out, and we have not found appropriate opportunities to grow in that market. The sale of the Texas assets will reduce the overall size of the portfolio by 2,000 megawatts, but it will improve returns on the portfolio and keep the focus squarely on the markets and assets with the highest value. Our results for the quarter and year-to-date continued to support our full-year operating earnings guidance of $3 to $3.25 per share. We experienced the benefits of an improvement in weather related demand on pricing this summer, which continues to demonstrate the location of value of our assets. Say it another way, basis returned with demand albeit weather driven. The power markets, however, remain challenging. The price of natural gas has fallen faster and further than implied by the forward curve. Our reported results continue to benefit from higher priced legacy hedges, which was scheduled to expire in 2011 and 2012. As you know, the relatively high imbedded cost of energy in our hedges under the basic generation service, as we refer to it as BGS contract versus today’s market prices led to the entry of new retail suppliers into the marketplace. An increase in market penetration by retail supplies accelerates the impact on margins that would happen eventually from the reset of the BGS contract prices. We’re working hard to address the market challenges, we’re focused on reducing O&M without sacrificing reliability, our financial condition remains strong, the markets we serve remain constrained, and we’re well positioned for potential new EPA Regulations. Our efforts to build an organization that focuses on maximizing efficiency, promoting renewables and building a sustainable energy strategy have not gone unnoticed. PSEG was added to the Dow Jones Sustainability Role Index for the first time this year having been on the national index for the prior two years. And PSEG was recognized by the Carbon Disclosure Project for its efforts to reduce emissions and mitigate the risks of climate change. We aren’t immune to declining market prices, but we’re well positioned to meet these challenges. Now, let me turn the call over to Caroline, but I will return prior to the question-and-answer period for a few closing remarks.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. I will review our quarterly operating earnings as well as the outlook for full-year results by subsidiary company. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2010 of $1.06 per share versus operating earnings of $0.92 per share in last year’s third quarter. Slide four provides a reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on slide nine, PSEG Power continues to provide the largest contribution to earnings. Power reported operating earnings of $0.70 per share compared with $0.71 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.30 per share compared with $0.17 per share last year and Energy Holdings reported operated earnings of $0.5 per share compared with a negligible contribution to earnings a year-ago. The parent company reported earnings of $0.01 a share this year compared with earnings of $0.04 per share a year-ago. We provided as always the waterfall charts on slides 11 and 12 that take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-to-date operating earnings by business. And I’ll now go through each company in more detail starting with Power. As shown on slide 14, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the quarter of $0.70 per share compared with $0.71 per share a year-ago. The operating environment in the quarter benefited from extremely warm weather as Ralph mentioned, a sharp contrast to the operating environment of a year-ago. A 10% increase in generation volume at spark spreads during the quarter, improved Power’s earnings by $0.04 per share. While we had a 10% increase in generation during the quarter, the improvement came primarily from Power’s coal and gas units. A 17-day unplanned outage at the Salem-1 unit which you may recall we mentioned in the July call reduced generation from the nuclear fleet during the quarter and reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. So given the different field mix and the cost of the outage combined, the increase in output resulted in a net increase in earnings of $0.01 per share. While we’ve realized the benefit from the net increase in generation, the price received for base load generation declined as a result of lower contract hedge prices versus prior year. This reduced Power’s earnings by $0.04 per share. We can also see that weather had a positive effect on BGS load, adding $0.03 per share to earnings. Slightly offsetting this was the reduction to BJS results based on the impact of migration which hurt Power’s earnings by $0.01 a share. The impact of migration during the quarter was in line with our revised forecast. We estimate that approximately 22% to 24% of the load supplied through BGS migrated to other suppliers at the end of September, but we don’t have the final September data yet. This is approximately steady with the level we saw as you may recall at the end of the second quarter. Our forecast assumes further erosion in margin of $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter which is consistent with the upper end of our prior guidance of a $0.02-$0.04 per share impact of migration for the full year versus 2009. We’re now forecasting about $0.04. Market prices for energy remained lower than the embedded price for energy in the BGS contract, and this dynamic has led to the entry of new retail suppliers into the market. For your modeling purposes, while we don’t specifically forecast migration, keep in mind that each 5% of customer migration from BGS would reduce Power’s earnings by about $0.015 per share on an annualized basis at current prices. In addition, the continued erosion in margin on certain wholesale electric energy supply contracts reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Recall that these contracts are marked-to-market. Also realized gains on investments in the Rabi Trust Fund added $0.01 per share to Power’s earnings. And the decline in the effective tax rate aided earnings by about $0.01 a share. The increase in volume from the fossil fleet and lower average prices resulted in gross margins for the quarter at $57 per megawatt hour compared with $64 per megawatt hour during the third quarter of 2009. Power’s gross margins were significantly influenced by an increase in generation from its coal-fired fleet and a higher cost of fuel given the outage at Salem-1 versus year-ago levels. Generation from the coal-fired fleet increased 40% during the quarter versus last year in response to weather related demand and an improvement in dark spreads from the levels experienced earlier in the year. The combined cycle fleet also benefited from market opportunities with an 11% increase in generation versus last year and operated at an average capacity factor of 59% in the quarter. The increase in coal-fired generation for the quarter and year-to-date has reduced our inventory of coal. We’ve also exercised the flexibility that exists in our contracts to reduce delivery of coal and the completion of the backend technology work at Hudson and Mercer this quarter will provide greater flexibility with regard to our coal supply by reducing the need for the low sulfur Indonesian coal burned at Hudson in 2011 when the BET is expected to go into service. Our coal supply needs over the intermediate term will be lower than historical requirements. Continued weakness in forward dark spreads is expected to reduce coal-fired generation for 2011 to about 8 terawatt to 9 terawatt hours. Our reduction in output has effectively lengthened our supply. Re-contracting an existing supply should be sufficient at this point to meet 2011’s coal requirements. Power’s operating earnings for 2010 are still forecast at $1.060 billion to $1.135 billion compared to operating earnings for 2009 of $1.205 billion. Full-year operating earnings will be affected by continued lower energy pricing. Power continues to hedge its expected generation in future years consistent with past practice. At the end of September, approximately 68% of Power’s anticipated coal and nuclear generation for 2011 is hedged at an average price of $71 per megawatt hour. This compares with an average hedged price for energy in 2010 of $72 per megawatt hour. These hedges reflect a PJM West Forward Energy price embedded in BGS of $70 per megawatt hour in 2008, $57 per megawatt hour in 2009, and $50 per megawatt hour in 2010. And as you know the current PJM West Forward prices are in the approximate $40 per megawatt hour range today. These figures don’t reflect the potential impact of increase bubbles of customer migration, which could reduce the level of power supplied under existing BGS contracts. As I just mentioned, incremental migration equal to about 5% of customer load would reduce earnings by $0.015 per share. If you run out the math, an additional loss of about 15% of load would reduce our averaged hedged price in 2011 to about $67 per megawatt hour. Now let’s turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2010 of $0.30 per share compared with $0.17 per share for the third quarter of 2009 as shown on slide 22. PSE&G’s results were influenced by the electric and gas rate relief effective in June and July of 2010 respectively, which improved earnings by $0.05 per share. And earnings also benefited from a return on the capital invested in the capital stimulus, energy efficiency and solar investment programs approved in 2009 by the Board of Public Utilities. And these programs added about $0.01 per share to earnings. As Ralph mentioned, New Jersey experienced the hottest summer on record in 2010. And we estimate an increase in weather related demand added about $0.03 per share to earnings. An increase in transmission revenues effective at the start of the year added $0.01 per share to earnings this quarter. A decline in operating and maintenance expense during the quarter improved earnings by $0.02 per share and realized gains on investments in the Rabbi Trust also added $0.02 per share to the utilities’ earnings, and a decline in the effective tax rate added about $0.01 per share. These items more than offset an increase in depreciation and interest expense associated with higher levels of capital investment which together reduced earnings by about $0.02 per share. PSE&G’s operating earnings for 2010 are forecast at $425 million to $455 million, the same as our prior guidance, compared with 2009’s operating earnings of $321 million. Operating earnings will be influenced by a full year of return on capital projects approved by the BPU in 2009, the June and July 2010 increases in electric and gas distribution rates, an increase in transmission rates, a forecast decline in operating and maintenance expenses, and the weather related impact on sales. We’ve updated PSE&G’s capital budget for 2010 to 2012, and we’re providing you with our initial forecast of PSE&G’s 2013 capital expenditures. PSE&G’s revised budget for 2010 to 2012 calls for capital expenditures of $4.5 billion with plans to spend $1.6 billion in 2013, bringing the capital budget for this four-year period to approximately $6.1 billion. And on slide 25, you can see a breakdown of the spending by category and by year. This revised capital program recognizes the two-year delay in the in-service date of the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line, the reconfiguration and delay in operation of the Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson transmission project, and the reduction in distribution spending. In fact, distribution spending is lower by about $425 million through 2012 versus the prior guidance we gave you earlier in the year. This should increase the proportion of our expenditures that earn a contemporaneous return. For example, transmission related capital spending now represents $3.1 billion or about 50% of the capital budget for the four-year period. Of course, the number of these transmission projects depend upon our receipt of all the necessary approvals. At the end of 2013, PSE&G’s investment in transmission would represent about 31% of its consolidated rate base. Distribution related capital spending is forecast at $2.2 billion for 2010 to 2013. Future capital spending on distribution is aligned with forecast levels of depreciation to support earning our authorized return. PSE&G’s investment program is expected to result in annual rate base growth of about 9.5% per year over this period. Supportive regulatory recovery mechanisms and a constant focus on cost control should support PSE&G’s earning us authorized return with growth in capital providing for growth in PSE&G’s earnings. For the past 12-month period, PSE&G’s distribution ROE was 9.5%, reflecting only one quarter of results since the completion of the rate case. Now, I’ll turn to PSEG Energy Holdings. Energy Holdings reported operated earnings of $24 million or $0.05 per share for the third quarter of 2010 versus an operating loss of $1 million during the third quarter of 2009. Operating earnings benefited from the successful termination of two cross-border leases during the quarter, which resulted in a gain of $0.03 per share, which matched a similar level of termination related gains recorded in the year-ago quarter, and results also benefited from the absence of a premium paid on the debt exchange with Power of $0.04 per share, as well as a decline in interest expense of $0.01 per share. The successful termination of the two cross-border leases during the quarter reduced Holdings’ potential net cash exposure to $330 million on this issue at the end of September. And recall that Holdings has $320 million on deposit with the IRS to defray potential interest cost associated with this issue. Holdings’ operating earnings for 2010 are forecast at $30 million to $40 million compared to 2009’s operating earnings of $43 million. The loss of income on terminated leases and a reduction in gains from the termination of leases will be partially offset by lower financing costs and tax benefits from the startup of solar projects in Ohio and Florida. Finally, few other items. PSEG Power indicated during the quarter that is exploring the potential sale of our two 1,000 megawatt each combined cycle generation facilities in Texas through an auction process. The sale is dependent upon the receipt of offers that we feel reflect the appropriate value for the assets. And should we decide to sell, the schedule would call for closing to occur during the first quarter of 2011. Finally, just to note, we completed several transactions during the quarter at PSE&G to finance its capital program and refinance high cost debt. We issued $250 million of 10-year paper at 3.5% and refinanced a $100 million of 6.4% tax exempt bonds with the issuance of tax exempt paper as multimode or annual put bonds with an initial term rate of 1.2%. Holdings recently announced its intention to call debt in December 2010 for the redemption of the remaining $127 million of outstanding principal balance of its 8.5% senior notes that are due in June 2011. Those conclude my remarks and comments on some of our financings. I’d now like to turn the call back to Ralph for some final comments before of course we open the call up to your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Caroline. A few points to highlight. In conversations with many of you we have heard concern expressed about transmission and we’ve heard concern about migration and the impact on Power’s margins. We hope that we’ve answered your questions surrounding transmission. Now, while it isn’t easy to build these lines, we’re committed to investing in the projects that will improve the reliability of our system, and as you can see it remains the single largest capital program for PSE&G. We’ve also provided you with some guidance around the potential impact of migration on our results. While we’re not pleased with the associated loss of margin, the more fundamental concern is the forward price of natural gas and its effect on electricity prices. And candidly we’re pleased to see some of you have addressed this issue in your forecast. Now, while we aren’t immune to declining prices, we are working to mitigate the impact through cost control where we can and through growth investment. So now we’ll open up the lines for your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for the members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Yes, on the increase in transmission CapEx, could you guys talk a little more about how much of that spending has been I guess walked down through the approval process, and what major projects we need to follow to deliver or convert the planned CapEx under real spending?
Ralph Izzo: Dan, there is multiple approval processes. So it starts with designation by PJM that is in the RTEP, the Regional Transmission Expansion Plan, and it’s safe to conclude that all of these projects are in the RTEP in all of this expenditure level. Then there is the rate treatment at FERC. And as you know we have a macro level formula rate treatment at FERC, some of the projects receive a different level of formula rate treatment, incentive adders, construction work-in-progress. We’ve received that – those two for Susquehanna-Roseland. We had received that for Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson when it was 500-kilovolt project. Now that’s has been redone, we’re back at FERC to talk to them about the returns and that will be granted. As you see, as I go down this path of what approvals you need, the path gets wider and wider with many more branches and tributaries off of it. The widest set of branches and tributaries are of course the environmental approvals and the sighting approvals, which I just don’t have the information on my fingertips about what each of these projects are still lacking. Clearly for Susquehanna-Roseland as we’ve disclosed in the past, we’re working with the National Park Service towards a 2012 approval date there.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: I guess to put them in the capital budget you guys have a higher level of confidence on conversion as the portfolio is laid out today or how does that level of confidence would have been a year-ago?
Ralph Izzo: Higher for a simple reason that – well, first of all, we made a lot of progress on SR, and we now know what the obstacles are, and that’s resulted in delay. But probably more importantly all the other projects are 230 KV and below and many of them are underground, and they don’t engender the kind of sighting opposition that 500 KV aboveground project’s engender.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And so how many of these are kind of big profile lines relative to your small $50 million, $100 million investment type of projects?
Ralph Izzo: It depends on how you define big in profile. I would say that 500 KV is the one that attracts the greatest attention and that would be Susquehanna-Roseland. Now the next step below that is 230 KV for our system that’s Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson. But that’s – a large part of that is an underground construction. So an underground tends to not attract the same amount of concern, because it’s underground. I’m sorry, I didn’t know how else to complete that sentence. So, I’d say the one that’s still the primary focus of attention is Susquehanna-Roseland.
Caroline Dorsa: Dan, this is Caroline. Just one other thought as you look at the numbers here and think about the modeling of our spend. One of the things to keep in mind as you know the in-service states for Susquehanna-Roseland and Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson were delayed as we said. So in these numbers that we included on slide 25 just for your information, for Susquehanna-Roseland we estimate that about $550 million of the total of up to $750 million is in the numbers through 2013 and for Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson about $250 million to $275 million of the total of $700 million is in the numbers through 2013. So there is some spend as you would expect on these projects as outside our forecast period to 2013 given their in-service date. So if you look at those two big amounts and you look at this CapEx for transmission, just so you can keep the time and proportionality that might be helpful.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay and not to upset Kathleen but just to clarify one last question. All this transmission CapEx you assume is going to get (inaudible) or is there going to be a subset that wouldn’t because they’re not discreet rate making –
Ralph Izzo: That’s right. All of this transmission gets formula rate treatment just the big projects gets seawhip [ph] and right now the only one that’s approved for seawhip [ph] is SR. So the logic being of course that the smaller projects go in service much more quickly, so the formula rate treatment gets you as closer to contemporary returns for fields they need to get you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thank you good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Everything you’ve articulated is crystal clear. But there was one thing I wanted a little more color on. If possible you talked about in the first whole paragraph in the press release on PSE&G Power a $0.02 decline in earnings associated wholesale electricity energy supply contracts that you supply from the market. Can you go into a little more detail on what that activity is and what the sort of aggregate contribution is if possible?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure Greg, thanks for the question. Yes, so we’ve talked about some of these before and these are low transactions that we bid on that – in most parts low transactions that we bid on, whose power we supply through the market. And so because they’re not supplied from our assets we treat these on a marked-to-market basis. And so every quarter we’re marking both sides of that transaction to market and we’re putting any changes in that through the P&L. So the primary driver of what you see here in the $0.02 is really a function of the same dynamics that are going on in the base business and that is in these low contracts there is still opportunity for migration out of those types of contracts by the provider. And so, as migration is expected or experienced and then we forecast it going forward to a large extent based on the experience that we have, we reduce the value of those contracts in terms of what they would return to the company and therefore we take that mark because they’re marked-to-market directly in our earnings as we update those forecasts. So think of this as marked-to-market, it’s not cash but it’s the representation – our best representation of the change in value of those contracts primarily driven by the same thing we talk about in the base business which is the migration out of these full requirements polar like contracts.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: And are those customers also concentrated in New Jersey or you – are those customers in the larger PJM market?
Caroline Dorsa: In the PJM market, (inaudible) but not New Jersey?
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: And do you have an estimate of what the expected contribution from that business is in terms of the total group gross margin outlook for 2010?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Keep in mind and I am glad you asked that because we do fold this out on a quarterly basis to show you the marked-to-market but it is less than 1%. So it actually a very small piece of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Basically I would – just wanted to sort of touch base on the Texas sale, what should we think about being the potential size of these proceeds and what’s your expectation might be to deal with the proceeds, meaning in terms of what you might – what the use of proceeds might be?
Ralph Izzo: We are right and you can respect – in fact, we are right in the middle of a sales process now. So we couldn’t even come close remarking on that question in terms of what we expect the size of proceeds. In terms of the use of proceeds, if we sell and we are exploring the sales that we are not sure, we think we have some good opportunities to deploy capital – those surprises in there, it’s what you have been hearing from us and we have a large capital program and utility with a nearly 10% CAGR associated with it and there is some opportunities perhaps revisit some of those programs and expand them. Our infrastructure is not getting any younger and we have found some opportunities in Holdings with some attractive terms and conditions with creditworthy counterparties with new PPAs on the renewable side. We have some peakers we are building in Power, some upgrades in our nuclear plants that we are looking at that are now within the planning horizon. So we think we have some good opportunities in our core business to deploy that capital, if we have to.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the lease that’s remaining, I guess you got one lease remaining, is that correct?
Caroline Dorsa: That’s correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: How should we think about the impact, I mean of – what you guys might do with it and would it happen this year and what would that suggest would be the impact in 2011?
Ralph Izzo: Do you want to buy it, Paul?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I don’t think so.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So we only have one lease remaining. In terms of how to think about it, as you know from what we have been talking about over the past year, the team’s been working hard to terminate these leases at appropriate term. So as you think about all the leases that we terminated, what’s essentially happened is we reduced our tax liability essentially by the cash received from the counterparties coming in and going out. So if the terms are appropriate, we would look to terminate this last lease but of course, we have to talk to the counterparties if not we keep the lease. One thing to keep in mind though that the termination of the lease, where we are with the IRS, those two things can continue to happen and dependent of each other to some extent. You will have to terminate all your leases to try to have the settlement with the IRS given what we have now our exposure on a total basis is about $330 million and we are continuing to having discussions with the IRS to see if we can come to terms. We will try to do that at the same time, we will continue to try to terminate this lease. So you can really, one is not dependent on the other, you can really pursue both paths and that’s exactly what we are doing. Given the size of the remaining lease though in terms of its impact to earnings, it will be marginal in terms of what might happen either from its earnings proceeds next year or a termination as you know we have two leases this quarter (inaudible). So it’s really a small number and I think it’s a credit and I think it’s a credit to the team’s work to really bring us down to only lease less.
Ralph Izzo: (Inaudible) that 330 exposure, this 320 on deposit.
Caroline Dorsa: Correct, correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: When we are thinking about – I mean is it likely that I guess we won’t see much of any of this activity in 2011?
Caroline Dorsa: That’s right because there is only one left. So it would either be terminated or it’s the last one left.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont of Jefferies.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: I guess I am a little surprised in terms of use of proceeds, not to hear possible repurchase as an option particularly given the fact that the company has gotten the balance sheet to where you want it to be. So I guess I would be curious to hear why you wouldn’t consider using at least a portion for share repurchase?
Ralph Izzo: Thank you by the way for recognizing the condition of the balance sheet, we are proud of that, we worked hard for four years now at least to get it to where it is and we are pleased with that condition. Most of our long investors tell us, look, we look that you find good ways to deploy capital and if you can get attractive risk adjusted returns, then we want you to use it in that way. So we are obviously disclosing to you the things that we have a high degree of confidence we can invest in. What I was trying to say earlier to Paul was that there are many things like that we consider all the time, some of them we shred the paper and say, no, that one didn’t pan up to where we want. But there are others that are percolating that all organic in nature that we like and we think we can put that money to good use. So I would rather grow the business with attractive risk adjusted returns and create a positive MVP investment for our shareholders than something that just as a zero MVP.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: As a follow-up, there were a number of unresolved issues in the rate cases that were supposed to be dealt with in separate proceedings. Have those proceedings started? And can you just give us an idea of where you are on those issues?
Ralph Izzo: So there were two issues in particular. One related to a tariff rate, a tower had pertaining to gas purchases, I guess we’re about to disclose in the Q, so I shouldn’t run that where that stands but we have been in settlement discussions and we’ll have a little bit more color on that in the Q, sufficed to say that there was a prior published date of October 25th when the hearings would take place and you can go to the BP (ph) website to see that those hearings have not taken plane and derive your own conclusions from that. The second issue is on consolidated taxes and there have been series of extensions that have been granted to us to file for a full blown proceeding on consolidated tractions. And how those are applied not just to us but to all utilities in New Jersey inclusive of water utilities and gas utilities. So that’s still in the regulatory calendar being pushed off a bit.
Caroline Dorsa: And keep in mind as we’ve said before on consolidated taxes, should any proceeding result come to any conclusion about consolidated tax adjustments, that would prospective only and there would be no impact on the rate case that we just settled.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay. And then I was curious on your coal cost per megawatt hour. There is like a 10% reduction if I compare this quarter to a year ago quarter. Can – what accounts for that saving?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so Paul as I mentioned we are burning more coal, right. So as we burn more coal, we bring the inventory down and some of the higher price inventory comes off and we have lower price inventory that we’re burning. Also keep in mind we talked about earlier this year, that the price of our Adaro (ph) coal relative to last year also came down. So that really moderated our coal costs overall. As we burned more, it broke down the inventories and had some lower price coal from Adaro. 
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Great. I think that’s it. Thank you very much.
Caroline Dorsa: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Two questions, the first one relates to the distributions, capital spend. I think I had you right that it’s down $425 million from what you had given before. If I remember right, the $140 million of that you communicated at the Q two stage.
Ralph Izzo: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: I wanted just to check that number is that is the $425 million is, I don’t know, incremental for the 140?
Ralph Izzo: The 425 is obtained by 140 and multiplying by three and rounding.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, I see. And can you – so the one, it’s not an incremental?
Ralph Izzo: No.
Caroline Dorsa: No, no.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: The 140 was an annual number?
Caroline Dorsa: Correct. 
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and the 425 is over the three years.
Caroline Dorsa: Right. And in fact if you just, notice on our page 25 we get the number out 320.13. So while the 425 is 140 times three when you look at this page, you should know that in our planning, we plan that distribution spend at a $140 million lower each year over the entire period. We’re just reconciling to our prior numbers here.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, I got it. And is that 400ish million number of 12 and 13 shakeout, is that a reasonable run rate or you still doing things out under which is somewhat one off in nature?
Ralph Izzo: Yes that is our kind of normal run rate for matching our maintenance CapEx through our depreciation so we can achieve our loud return.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: So in the earlier years are driven by the stimulus funding that we had received approval for 2009.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And then on the same slide you have this obviously the drop off in the renewable slide. Is the $30 million number in 13, should we think about it as just something you have left visibility on what you’re likely to be doing out in that timeframe or its.
Ralph Izzo: Jonathan, that’s one tough to predict, as you know the stage is now revisiting its energy master plan and I suspect the entire 20% renewables – it’s not exactly 20% but it’s close to that by 2020, it will be something that will come under review. At these CapEx numbers for renewables we are nowhere near the run rate required lots of r’s in there, run rate required to achieve that 20% by 2020. So I think we’ll get a little greater clarity at the end of this year first quarter next year in terms of how aggressive the state wants to be for the next decade and that will influence 13 and beyond.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you. And if I could just on one other topic, I want to make sure I understand this the sensitivities you gave on migration. Its 5% incremental migration in ‘011 would be about $1.05 per share hit, but then you talked about 15% in terms of average hedge prices. Was that an 15% beyond the 5% so 20 in total. I think the release said one thing and then seemed to say something slightly different in the prepared remarks.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, thanks Jonathan, just to clarify, just to give you some pieces of the math maybe just to help you to think that through. In terms of the $1.05. So if you think about what our coal and nuclear output, let me just walk you down this a little bit because that may help. That 50% of our coal and nuclear output, in total, coal and nuclear is about 40 terawatt hours a year. So half of its about 20 terawatt hours. With the migration we’ve already seen in BGS. BGS is about 15 terawatt hours. It used to be half and now it’s less than that because of the migration. So if you take 5% of the 15 terawatt hours and you multiply that out by the Delta in the embedded PJM West price in the BGS contract with the current level of PJM West price. And you rollout that math, you’ll get about a penny and a half. So that’s how we came up with a penny and a half. The 67 that the change in the hedge price was simply running that same sort of thinking and that same sort of calculation by taking that out of the hedged amount that we have pulling that migrating BGS load out of the hedged amount and then recalculating the weighted average hedge prices of portfolio, keeping in mind that the BGS hedge price has more things in it besides just the energy. All those things we’ve talked about in our bar chart relative to the PJM West hedge which would not have hedge things like pieces in it. So you have just do those, that math in two pieces. So one is about how to do the penny per share, the other is weighted average of our hedge portfolio average price.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So that 15% would be sort of on top of 5%, so really 20%?
Ralph Izzo: No, no.
Caroline Dorsa: No.
Ralph Izzo: What we’re trying to give you sort of a rule of thumb way to think of migration, you can easily think of the rule of thumb in terms of EPS impact, or you can think of the rule of thumb in terms of.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: Gross margin impact.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So it’s a difference sense them.
Ralph Izzo: Yes unfortunately we gave you two different thumbs. We gave you 5% thumb and a 15% thumb.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you sir.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So I would just make sure they were separate. Just finally on that topic, is it reasonable to assume given that switching showed up during the course of this year that there will be another $0.04 or so if carryon into ‘011 from ‘010.
Caroline Dorsa: So we haven’t – as you know we’re not forecasting ‘011. So it’s too soon to know as we pointed out, we do have obviously retailers outlooking for residential switching. We don’t know the success of that yet, so we’re not really sure. One think I’d just add is keep in mind we saw levels of migration appear to be similar at the end of this quarter to where they were last quarter, but you also have to keep in mind that that’s always a function of that headroom calculation as we call it. And with the hot weather and the spike in prices, you saw headroom actually go the other way. Remember last year in the summer we talked about it being very high. This year the summer was very low because of the spike in prices. So when we come back to a more normal condition and then with what’s happening with residential, it’s too early to really forecast what that would be.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman of Merrill Lynch.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Hi, actually you hit the topic I just wanted to clarify on. But do you – what was the number percent of load that migrated this year? Was it – are you saying that it basically there wasn’t any incremental migration?
Caroline Dorsa: No.
Ralph Izzo: So it started out in 19% – 18% 19% and it’s now at about 24% at the end of third quarter. It was also about 24% at the end of second quarter.
Caroline Dorsa: That’s right.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Okay, so 24% and the 20 – the 15 terawatt hours is what it is now after the 24% has left?
Caroline Dorsa: Correct, correct.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: And when you talk about the 5% sensitivity that’s off to 15 terawatt hours, so that’s half of where we are today not where below it used to be.
Caroline Dorsa: That’s correct. It’s also up of the comparison between the prices in BGS and the prices today. So you have to be careful when you look at the percentage migration like last year and try to say it should be same number because you have to compare the embedded PJM West price to the market prices.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Right.
Caroline Dorsa: Last year. So what we’re trying to do is keep current, right. That current migration amount, the current terawatt hours and a current estimate of what the loss would be for an incremental percentage point or five percentage points of migration given the current Delta.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: And we generally assume that you’ve resell that power just into the kind of around the clock wholesale power market in PJM. Is that the right way to look at it?
Ralph Izzo: So for the most part yes Steve, but we’ll also try to aggregate a full requirements product or bundle of products for TPS is Third Part Suppliers. So we – as Caroline said our generation output is up. It’s just the price we’re getting for is different depending on whether we’re selling it through BGS or selling it into the market or selling it through bilateral arrangements to third party supplier.
Caroline Dorsa: And we’re doing as Ralph said, we’re doing some of those products like a fixed load shape for example but we’re not going to take full requirements risk on the things that already migrated out and taken for requirements risk over again.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then with respect to, Ralph you mention O&M savings and with pricing coming down managing cost, is that something where we should think about maybe generation O&M being flattish so you offset growth or is it something where it’s possible that it could come down going forward?
Ralph Izzo: No I would, I think I would stay with the numbers that Caroline and Kathleen and I have been showing you now for probably a year in terms of the CAGR for the company.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: That’s not easy work Steve, I’m not looking for sympathy but.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Right.
Ralph Izzo: Our hands are full just getting there.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, and that’s about half a percentage, we’ve been forecasting CAGR.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then one last popular topic on the – just on from a credit standpoint. Where is roughly the FFO to debt at PEG Power either now or when you look through kind of a down cycle?
Caroline Dorsa: Right, so good question Steve. The – as you know as we’ve said before, we target as a floor, not as target but as a floor of 35% FFO to debt for PEG Power. And as we look at historically where we’ve been, as we look at our forecast, we see ourselves staying comfortably in that range. PEG Power is just a cap – ended this quarter at about 42.5% similar to what has done in prior quarters. We managed those debt levels to make sure that we keep that – keep the balance trim and we see ourselves being able to sustain that kind of level, 35% as a floor going forward.
Steve Fleishman – Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator:
 Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company: Hi good morning. I just wanted to clarify, maybe what percentage of the 24% of switching comes from residential customers versus commercial customers. And maybe just some color on the switching activities between commercial and residential and how they would differ between the customer classes?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so on residential customers, we’re seeing almost no switching at this point. So we’ve talked about numbers and that’s like 1% range or so, depending on the particular LDC, you might see something different but we’re still – the numbers are very small, all of what we’ve talked about in terms of the drivers that the incremental hit to our EPS from migration has been in the commercial and industrial. So we really haven’t seen it as a factor to-date. Keep in mind as you probably know there are folks out there looking to sign up residential customers. They’re probably stickier than the commercial and industrial but we haven’t seen that yet. So we’ll have to see that going forward.
Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company: Okay, and then second. At this point do you believe that east portion of (inaudible) is going to be included in the 2014, 2015 RPM auction or is that going to be delayed till the auction after?
Ralph Izzo: No I think that in general right now the line is being viewed in the totality. And the desire and the part of policy makers in the regent has split really isn’t there, and I think that’s not unreasonable in their part. People want to see what the National Park Service is going to do.
Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company: So would you view it as been into the 2015, 2016 auction or 2014, 2015?
Ralph Izzo: I don’t have the dates straight in my mind, Carol do you know?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, so it’s potentially at the earliest the 15, 16 because the eastern portion is mid 14, western portion is mid 15. So if it doesn’t flip and if it’s on time you might see it then come back to 15, 16.
Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc De Croisset of FBR Capital Markets.
Marc De Croisset – FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Just a question on the hedges if I may come back to that subject. Have you been hedging 2012 at power?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, so we have been hedging 2012 at power but very small degree. So the hedges for 2012 for power in about the mid 20% range. Typically think of as you go out, the markets become obviously less liquid and of course the BGS by nature is being a three year contract puts some percentage outage in 2012, but right now the 2012 hedged amounts are relatively small in that mid 20% range. Remember we tried to put this in ratably so that as you move into a year we move up in the hedge percentages, but right now 2012 is move out that amount.
Marc De Croisset – FBR Capital Markets: All right, thank you. And one point of confusion on 2011. When I look to the prior disclosure on the hedges, I saw a 68% of coal and nuclear output was actually hedged in 2011 at $75. And in the new disclosure I see 68% at $71. What’s the disconnect there? Why does the percentage hedge remain about the same?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, that’s a good question. I don’t think we gave out that number but I know if you take a ruler on the graph you can get to a number similar to that for the hedged amount. Yes, so when we provided that disclosure at midyear, we were using the data we had that was a little bit older, what we’ve done now is to update that hedged price or the assumption of the migration amount that we just talked about, the 22% to 24%. So as we updated that and assume that going forward, that pull that average price down even though the hedge percentage is not really that different, the average prices has come down. We’ve pulled through the hedge, the migration amount, added a little more and hedging that’s how you get back up to about the same hedge percentage. But you’re weighted average math is now a little bit different.
Marc De Croisset – FBR Capital Markets: Okay, we may have to discuss this offline. As a quick last question, have you disclosed the amount of O&M and depreciation that’s carved out of the Texas assets?
Kathleen Lally: No.
Caroline Dorsa: No we haven’t talked about that in terms of overall profitability. You have to say that they are profitable. And we did give you in our deck this quarter as we typically do, the margin performance for Texas. So just to point that out on page 19, $41 million in gross margin from the two assets, both plan in the third quarter.
Marc De Croisset – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you, that’s very helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan (ph) of Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Good afternoon. Ralph, the way I look at it is by the time we come to the next BGS auction, this migration risk will go lower because the headroom would have decreased as the average goes down. Is that a correct assumption?
Ralph Izzo: That’s correct. In theory as BGS approximates the market, there is no room for the SG&A associated with customer acquisition. So how do you acquire customers.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: So in essence as commodity prices – so we are basically what we are doing is we are coming to market with this migration a little bit earlier but then as prices kind of we go to 12 and then go to 13 when capacity kind of picks up, our outlook going in terms of our capacity prices and everything going into 13, that’s not affected. The only thing that is being affected is that we might be coming to trough a little bit earlier that trajectory of the trough is becoming a little bit changing and going a little bit earlier than before. Is that correct?
Ralph Izzo: That’s correct Ashar. That’s exactly right.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich of JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich – JPMorgan: Hi I wondered if you could just touch on the CapEx for PEG Power and if that outlook has changed at all. And in particular I believe you might have allocated some CapEx to growth projects and maybe that’s TBD (ph) based on the sale of the Texas generation. But just wanted to make sure my total CapEx numbers were in the ballpark.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, so thanks Leslie. No we haven’t really changed the numbers for PEG Power. Keep in mind that we did have some growth spending in there, wouldn’t change because of taxes as the growth spending is essentially things like nuclear up rates at our nuclear at Peach Bottom in particular, and the peakers that we bid in successfully in the last two RPM auctions. They’re the primary drivers of the growth CapEx going forward. The other thing that we’ve noted a lot and it’s in the table that we put in the cay and still relevant is the decrease in the environmental spending, environmental CapEx because the VETs (ph) are essentially complete at the end of this year. So that number comes down, as you think about that also for going forward keep in mind what that also means is those assets go into service and of course then they start to become depreciated as well. So that’s essentially the story on power. And it really has not significantly changed. The peakers and the up rates on the growth capital, the environmental spend winds down. It’s actually part of the reason why we’re able to do what we’re doing which is to fund these utility allow it to grow while still maintaining the balance sheet that we have.
 Leslie Rich – JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks.
Kathleen Lally: Operator, I think we’ve reached our allotted time unless there is another question.
Operator: Yes, there is another question. Would you like to take that question at this time?
Kathleen Lally: Yes, we will. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hi guys thank you for taking my question. I was just looking at New Jersey electric switching stats for the various P&D companies. Noticed that the total amount of load switch for – in the PSEA&G service territory at the end of August was about 31%, but you talked about just the amount of power having seen migration of being 500 or 600 basis points less than that. Just curious, kind of to understand the explanation for what you think maybe driving that Delta?
Ralph Izzo: Remember Michael, BGS is a state wide phenomena.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Sure.
Ralph Izzo: So you have to look at PSE&G, Atlantic Electric and Jersey Central. I don’t have the numbers memorized but I’m pretty sure, Jersey Central and Atlantic have a much larger residential population and therefore they’ll have a smaller amount of switching.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, and also.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay.
Caroline Dorsa: You have to be careful if you’re looking at commercial and industrial mid-size or the CIEP class of load which is essentially out of – migrated out already. So depending on which customer class and within BGS there are customer classes. You have to be careful when you look at those percentages to come up with the right numbers that you should put in our models when you’re looking at our numbers.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Yes and it seems that the place where acceleration at least through the end of August had really kicked up or at least that it surprised us a little bit, was in the really small commercial side, the sub 500 kilowatt customers, just where the customer account and switching level had picked up pace a bit. How do you compare the profitability of that customer class versus residential?
Caroline Dorsa: I’d say for commercial and industrial just looking at the class in the aggregate. So looking at the pieces and then looking at the total, we see commercial and industrial just to see some color on your numbers at about two-third switched in the aggregate out of BGS. We don’t really do profitability specifically by customer category, but just to give you the round numbers, about two-thirds out of commercial and industrial and as we said only about 1% out of residential.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you. Much appreciated.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you all. If you do have additional questions, please feel free to call Investor Relations at 973-430-6565, that’s my numbers or provide (inaudible) at 6596. We appreciate it. Thank you very much for your interest and participation in today’s call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally – VP, IR Ralph Izzo – Chairman, President and CEO Caroline Dorsa – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Paul Fremont – Jefferies Leslie Rich – Columbia Management Vedula Murti – CDP US Annie Tsao – AllianceBernstein Brian Chin – Citigroup Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call and webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community.  (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, February 18th, 2010 and will be available for telephone replay, beginning at 1 O’clock PM February 18, 2010 through February 25th, 2010. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone. We appreciate you participating in our call today. As you are aware, we did release our fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings statements earlier this morning. The release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that would be available to you that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2009 is expected to be filed next week, probably by mid to late week. I am not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I please ask that you read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements, detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein, and although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes unless required by applicable securities laws. As you know, we also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help shareholders understand performance trends. I am now going to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you Kathleen, and good morning, and thanks everyone for joining us today on this call. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.62 per share, which is the same as what we earned in the year-ago period. The results for the quarter brought operating earnings for 2009 to $3.12 per share. This is to be compared to $3.03 per share earned in 2008. The full-year results fell in the middle of the earnings guidance of $3.00 to $3.25 per share we set for 2009. These results were achieved in the face of what can only be characterized as very challenging markets. A weak economy and abnormal weather affected demand in the fourth quarter and throughout the year. In PSEG Power, our nuclear and combined cycle fleet of generating assets produced at record levels during 2009. Their strong performance and availability helped to offset the impact of lower power prices on our earnings. Earnings were also aided by our employees’ response to weaker than anticipated demand with a reduction in expenses. At PSEG Energy Holdings, we were able to take advantage of the financing environment to negotiate the termination of 12 cross-border leases, including two in the fourth quarter. These deals substantially reduced our potential tax and financial risk. Clearly our 2009 results demonstrate the importance of a balanced portfolio of assets. The credit for our results, however, belongs to our employees. It is worth repeating, their commitment to our shared goal of operational excellence and their responsiveness to a call to control costs was a major contributor to our results. Cost reduction programs implemented throughout the organization, including support from our union membership, will continue to be an important contribution to our operating results. For 2010, we are forecasting operating earnings will fall within the range of $3.00 and $3.25 per share. At the moment, we are not providing you with the breakdown of operating earnings by subsidiary as has been our custom in prior years. We intend to provide that guidance at the conclusion of PSE&G’s distribution rate case. Now let me take a step back for a moment to assess the business environment. The providers of energy in today's market face many challenges, in light of changing fuel prices and the need to meet increased government mandates. I'm confident that PSEG can meet the challenges of today's demanding market. We are working toward improving on our operationally excellent low carbon integrated business model that provides energy to customers in a cost-efficient way, and meets our shareholder requirements for attractive returns. PSEG’s capital commitments are focused on maintaining the availability of critical generating units in constrained markets, expanding our investment in renewable solar energy projects at attractive risk-adjusted returns, and increasing our nuclear footprint through upgrades of existing capacity as we also improve the reliability and functionality of our distribution and transmission infrastructure. We are well down this path. Regulatory approvals received by PSE&G in 2009 support the investment of $1.4 billion to improve reliability, help customers save energy, and expand the use of solar energy. These approvals provide us with prompt cost recovery and a reasonable return. Also the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities’ recent decision on our $750 million investment in the Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line will improve reliability in the northern part of New Jersey. We hope our past results and our ongoing passion help you to understand our commitment to providing excellence in operations into the future. The board of directors recently approved the 3% increase in the quarterly common dividend rate to $34.25 per share for the first quarter, which represents an indicated annual dividend rate of $1.37 per share. The board’s action represents the seventh consecutive annual increase in the dividends, and the continuation of 103 year history of paying an annual dividend to shareholders. We are committed to improving returns on operations, investing at levels that support our long-term growth, and sharing these returns. We look forward to seeing many of you at our annual conference for the financial community at February 26. As we have in the past, we will discuss the strategic drivers of our business, public policy that matters to our industry, and our strategy to position PSEG for a changing energy environment, as well as the specific market and cost factors that influence us. And now, I will turn the call over to Caroline.
Caroline Dorsa: Thanks Ralph, and good morning everyone. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings in the fourth quarter of $0.62 per share versus operating earnings of $0.62 per share in last year’s fourth quarter. Our earnings for the fourth quarter brought operating earnings for the full year to $3.12 per share versus operating earnings for 2008 of $3.03 per share. Just to remind you, our operating earnings exclude the impact of the change in value in our NDT investments and obligations, as well as other charges related to future decommissioning, and any changes in the value of transactions related to our generating assets that don’t qualify for hedge accounting, i.e., their mark-to-market. We also exclude the impact of adjustments to lease reserves, which I will come back to later in the discussion. As we have also done throughout the year, we have adjusted the prior year numbers to make your comparisons easy to follow. Slide 4 provides a reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on slide 10, PSEG Power provides the largest contribution to earnings. For the quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $0.47 per share compared with $0.49 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.13 per share compared to $0.15 per share last year. PSEG Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.03 per share compared with a marginal contribution in the year ago quarter. The parent company reported a loss of $0.01 a share compared with a loss of $0.02 per share in last year’s quarter. We have provided you with waterfall charts on slides 12 and 13 that take you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year operating earnings comparisons by major business. But now I would like to review each company in a little more detail, starting with Power. As shown on slide 15, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.47 per share compared with $0.49 per share a year ago. Please note that Power’s results for the quarter, the year, and the results for the year ago period now reflect the impact of the October 1 transfer of the Texas gas fired assets from Holdings to Power. Power’s operating earnings for the quarter brought 2009’s full year operating earnings to 1.2 billion in line with our guidance. The operating environment, as Ralph said, in the quarter continued to be challenged by low-power prices as well as a weak economy, although not as challenging of what we experienced in the third quarter, when as you recall weather compounded our difficulties. Power’s results for the fourth quarter were affected by those weak power prices, which more than offset an 8% increase in generation. The decline in margin was experienced in the Texas and New York, New England market, $0.02 a share in each market. Margins in PJM, however, increased $0.02 per share, a 3.5% increase quarter-over-quarter. The PJM assets continue to benefit from higher hedge related prices, and a 2% increase in nuclear generation, which together helped to offset a decline in BGS related volume. The weak economy continued to affect the level of demand, which reduced earnings by an estimated $0.01 per share. The decline in BGS volumes also reflects the effect of customer migrations, which we estimate reduced earnings by $0.02 per share in the quarter, and for the year we estimate customer migration away from BGS cost us about $0.08 per share. The earnings impact for the full year reflects the small impact to the first-half of the year, or $0.02 per share over the first full six-month period for migration, the third-quarter impact of $0.04 per share that we spoke about on the third-quarter call, and the fourth quarter impact of $0.02 per share. Despite all of these factors across the year, PJM margins were still up 9% for the year, reflecting our dispatch flexibility and hedging strategies, which offset a decline in demand. Earnings comparisons were also affected by an increase in O&M, depreciation and other miscellaneous items of $0.03 per share. But note that for the full year, Power’s O&M expense was in fact 2% lower than a year ago. As anticipated, we earned $0.01 per share on trading activities, and coupled with gains this quarter associated with contracting activities, including Power’s participation in full requirements auctions, these activities together increased earnings by $0.03 per share. As I mentioned, generation increased 8% during the quarter, Power’s nuclear and combined cycle fleet each experienced record levels of output. Generation from the combined cycle fleet, including Texas, increased 29.8% in the quarter. Excluding Texas, output from the combined cycle unit to New York and New Jersey increased 47%. The nuclear fleet operated at 92% capacity factor in the quarter versus 91.3% in last year's fourth quarter, bringing the capacity factor for the full year to 93.4%, record performance for the year and in line with our expectations as outlined on the third quarter earnings call. Generation from Power’s New Jersey coal units increased during the fourth quarter as compared to earlier in the year as an increase in the cost of gas relative to coal improved the economic dispatch of these units. But on an annual basis, as you can see on the slides, coal-fired generation was still below last year's level of output. The increasing in generation from the coal-fired stations this quarter, coupled with the lower pricing, reduced average gross margins for the PJM’s New York and New England fleet to $51 per megawatt hour in the quarter from $55 per megawatt hour in last year's quarter, again in line with our expectations. The average gross margin earned on the Texas combined cycle generation declined to $7 per megawatt hour in the quarter from $16 per megawatt hour last year, as a result of decline in spark spreads, which we talked about before. The growth in output during the fourth quarter brought output for the full year to 59.8 terawatt hours, 5% decline from 2008’s level of generation. Nuclear fleet provided approximately 51% of Power’s total generation. The strong performance from nuclear, coupled with lower gas costs, supported annual average gross margins on the PJM’s New York and New England fleet of $60 per megawatt hour for the year, slightly higher than the $58 per megawatt hour we were forecasting at the start of the year. To summarize these drivers, we estimate Power’s earnings for the full year were hurt by weak economic conditions about $0.03 per share, cooler than normal weather during the important summer months about $0.02 per share, and as we said earlier customer migration is about $0.08 per share. On the other side, recontracting and the dispatch flexibility of the PJM fleet helped results by about $0.08 per share. Now, I will turn to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2009 of $0.13 per share compared with $.15 per share for the fourth quarter of 2008, as shown on slide 22. PSE&G’s full year 2009 operating earnings were $321 million, also in line with our guidance. Gas margins declined in the fourth quarter by about $0.01 per share. The results were affected by warmer than normal weather in this year’s fourth quarter compared with colder than normal weather experienced in the prior year. The reduction in gas margin was offset by an increase in transmission rates and higher appliance service margin which together added $0.01 per share to earnings. Earnings comparisons were also hurt by an increase in pension expense, which more than offset a reduction in other operation and maintenance expenses and a lower tax rate. These items combined to reduce PSE&G’s fourth quarter earnings by $0.02 per share, as normal weather conditions and a weak economy hurt demand in 2009. During the fourth quarter weather normalized, electric demand declined 3.2%, resulting in a 2.5% decline in demand for the full year. Within that total, weather normalized demand from residential electric customers declined by 0.8% for the fourth quarter, and 0.9% for the full year. For gas, weather normalized demand increased 1.1% in the fourth quarter resulting in a 0.7% decline in sales for the full year. Trends in employment and housing tend to be pretty good barometers of the New Jersey economic condition, and both were at multiyear lows, although we may not be experiencing a decline as fast as we did earlier in the year; we have not experienced as yet any up-tick in growth. Another key development at the utility, as you are probably aware, the regulatory calendar is full. PSE&G implemented $23 million increase in transmission revenues effective January 1, as part of its formula rate treatment on increased investment. The New Jersey BPU approved PSE&G's $750 million investments in the Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line on February 11 of this year. The BPU’s decision represents a critical milestone in the regulatory approval process. PSE&G also updated its filing with the BPU for an increase in electric and gas revenues totaling $222 million. This updated request reflects the actual results for 12 months ended December 31 of 2009. The update represents an increase in electric revenues of $14 million and reductions in gas revenues of $23 million from the May 2009 rate filing. PSE&G’s request is based on an 11.25% return on equity, and a 51.2% equity ratio. Following the normal process for this request, the BPU would be expected to issue a decision in May or June of this year with rates effective midyear. For 2009, for reference, operating earnings provided an earned return on equity of about 8% for our distribution business, and about 11% for our transmission business. Next, let me turn to PSEG Energy Holdings. Energy Holdings reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2009 of $0.03 per share compared to operating earnings of about $1 million for the fourth quarter of 2008. Holdings’ quarterly earnings were aided by the recognition of gains on the successful termination of two cross-border leases, which amounted to $0.02 per share. The results also benefited from a reduction in O&M expenses and lower interest expense, which added $0.02 per share to earnings. A reduction in the value of our remaining International generation assets lowered earnings by $0.01 a share and reduced our investment in that asset to a nominal level. The termination of the two leases in the fourth quarter brings the number of leases terminated to 13, 12 in 2009 and one and 2008. Our activity reduced our potential cash tax liability to $660 million. As we have discussed before, if we had not terminated any leases, our potential liability would have risen to more than $1.3 billion. So we have in fact cut our risk in half, and as we said before, we have been using the proceeds from counter parties from those terminations to accomplish this risk reduction. In addition, we still have $320 million on deposit with the IRS to meet any potential tax liabilities. So think of that as an offset to the $660 million exposure. Also, we’ve reduced our reserve for lease exposures by $29 million after-tax based on a reassessment of risk following the outcome of the favorable court decision late in 2009 for another utility. The net after-tax gain of $29 million is reflected in earnings from continuing operations, but not in operating earnings. In terms of 2010 outlook, as Ralph mentioned, we are providing operating earnings guidance for 2010 of $3.00 to $3.25 per share. We won't be providing operating earnings guidance by subsidiary until the conclusion of PSE&G's distribution rate case. Overall, our guidance is based on expectations of a modest improvement in demand and normal weather versus the very weak conditions experienced in 2009. We estimate the combination of a normal weather conditions and a weak economy reduced 2009 earnings by $0.08 per share at Power and PSE&G. However, 2009 operating earnings also benefited from the $0.13 per share of gains on the termination in leases, which we don't expect to see duplicated in the current year. Remember, we have only five leases left, and we do continue to actively manage them. Our ability to control growth in expenses, and operate at top quartile levels of performance in many areas of our business provide support for our 2010 earnings guidance. We estimate our O&M, excluding the impact of regulatory recovery clauses for our company as a whole will be flat year-over-year as it was for the company as a whole for 2009. Finally, a brief comment on financing activity. As you probably are aware, we remain fairly active in the fourth quarter. We eliminated the last piece of long-term debt at the parent with the redemption of $49 million of debt. PSE&G was able to take advantage of attractive debt markets to prefinance a portion of its 2010 capital needs through the issuance of $250 million of 30-year medium term notes at a rate of 5.375. PSE&G also made an early redemption of $44 million of debt. And as I said, we continue to reduce our potential lease related tax liability with proceeds from the termination of leases. So, from up then at year end, a simple calculation of debt to capital will reveal a reduction in debt to capital to 45% from 49% at the end of 2008. So the balance sheet continues to be strong. That concludes my remarks, and now we look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) One moment please for the first question. Your first question comes from the line of Reza Hatefi, Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Thank you. I was wondering, just what is the base load coal and nuke generation volumes assumed in 2010?
Caroline Dorsa: I haven't given any estimates for generation volumes for the business for 2010. Keep in mind that what we are anticipating is to have normal weather and of course, we had much cooler than normal weather in 2009, and some benefit from the economy, but we're not ready to say we expect the economy to fully rebound, but we haven't given details on the generation volumes. Keep in mind we also use our dispatch flexibility based on pricing in the market to dispatch our assets for the best economics in 2009. We do the same thing in 2010.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And what is your hedge percentage and average hedge price in 2010?
Caroline Dorsa: So for 2010, we are about 90% hedged on our base load coal and nuclear. We are following the BGS, with an average hedge price of about $72 per megawatt hour.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And could you --
Kathleen Lally: Reza, we got to ask that you allow somebody else to ask a question. You can get back on. Thank you.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The gain from the contracts that you guys saw in the quarter, what was it for the year and what's the outlook for 2010 on that?
Caroline Dorsa: On the leases. Okay, the leases. So the gains on the leases --
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: No, no, no, I'm sorry. I'm talking -- there's contract gain that was mentioned in the release, I think it was about -- I'm not sure exactly how many cents a share it was, but during the fourth quarter, you guys saw gains on contracts entered into during the fourth quarter.
Caroline Dorsa: Oh, right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Can you explain a little bit more of that?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, sure. So, those are the full requirements contracts that we enter into as we participate in some of these polar load auctions that we're doing more of that. We talked about during the year and that contributed about $0.03 to the quarter together with some $0.01 of trading gains that I mentioned. As we said, we're not giving guidance for our subsidiaries, and certainly not at that level of detail. I think it is fair to say that we've expanded our participation in those types of contracts during the years we've talked about; we participated in PECO contract, for example. We expect to continue to do that in 2010, but of course those are auctions. So it is too early to try to forecast exactly what kind of results we'll see from that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So when you say gain on contracts, is that a -- how -- is there some specific accounting associated with that? In other words, when you enter into the contract, does that provide a benefit at that point in time? I mean is that -- how does that work, I guess is what I'm wondering? Have you sold the contract?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And what was the total impact for 2009?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So let me just describe the process a little bit in terms of how to think about those numbers. Those are real economic gains that come from participating in those types of auctions, and then to the extent that we win load opportunities in those auctions, we then hedge out the cost aspects and supply aspects of those contracts fully right at that time. So we don't leave ourselves open, and based on what we win and of course, how we bid obviously reflects our expectations of the profit margin we expect to get, and then as we win tranches, we then hedge out the cost of supply, the delta between those two are the gains that you see that we are reporting on a quarterly basis, and those are real economic gains. Those are then in our portfolio, their mark-to-market during the year but they are fully hedged once we enter into that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So basically, the contract might be for a period larger than the actual quarter that it's been -- that that has been recognized in, but effectively, you've hedged both sides, so you feel pretty confident in that the economic value will materialize. Is that the right way to think about it?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. They are the contracts for serving load in a forward period that we enter into in a current period, and so we have those gains.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I got you.
Caroline Dorsa: Gains, right, exactly. And certain loads over time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and how much was that for the full-year 2009, this whole benefit from that kind of activity?
Caroline Dorsa: About $0.05. When you go back and look at our quarters, we had about $0.02 this quarter, $0.01 was trading, $0.02 was the load contract, and a few cents in the prior quarter. It's about $0.05 for the year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That's for the total benefit. That's not the delta over the previous year, correct?
Caroline Dorsa: Correct, correct. Total benefit.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and the sales outlook for weather adjusted --
Kathleen Lally: Paul, I'm going to have to ask that you give someone else a chance.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Absolutely, sure.
Kathleen Lally: I'm sorry.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: My question is on your comments on migration. And if I heard you correctly, you said it was -- it hurt Power by a couple of pennies in Q4 and about $0.08 for the year. So my question is, what kind of follow through full year impact is there to come from the migration you've seen to date in 2010? And then you know, what level of additional switching beyond that have you embedded in the 2010 guidance, you know, some rough idea on that?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So relative to migration your numbers are right for 2009, $0.04 in the third quarter, $0.02 in the first six months, and $0.02 in the fourth quarter. In terms of our thinking about migration on a year-over-year basis, again we're not giving detailed aspects of guidance, but I would not expect migration to be a higher impact year-over-year. So we wouldn't expect to see at this point deltas year-over-year on migration from the level that we had in 2009. And the reason for that is I think about some of what happened in 2009. In the summer quarter, which is our highest demand quarter, there were some very unusual weather conditions as you may recall that led to some of the lowest prices we've seen in power during the year we are seeing in the summer quarter, while at the same time the BGS price had its summer premium. So the differential over the headroom or the opportunity for migration was the largest in the summer. So what we've seen and we mentioned on the third quarter call was migration of about 11%. That has increased but at a much slower rate to about 15% of our total load has migrated, but at the same time keep in mind that that differential, that price differential has moderated very significantly. So the opportunity for impact to us from migration is very different right now, and our expectations for normal weather and therefore more normal pricing next year than what we experienced in 2009. Again those are assumptions and estimates. We'll have to see how that plays out over time, and also given the results of the current BGS auction, you'll have some slightly lower pricing in the summer as BGS rolls in with a new auction in June, and there is a bit of a moderation in the way that summer premium will be calculated in ‘10, again that will upset that headroom calculations. So year-over-year we don't see a material impact on a year-over-year basis from migration.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Caroline Dorsa: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon, Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Have you had an opportunity or has your team at PSE&G Power had the opportunity, PEG Power had the opportunity to look at the structure that's been created for the 2013, 2014 capacity auction, and do you think that pricing in that auction is biased to be higher given the parameters that have been laid out versus the prior year's auction?
Caroline Dorsa: So certainly we’ve had a chance to look at those in some detail, as you would imagine our Power group. I think given the fact that those are the preliminary parameters put out, and of course the auction doesn’t occur until May, it is too early for us to speculate as to how we might expect to see that clear.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Well, if we presume that the final rules look exactly like the current proposed rules, would you expect at least that pricing would not be lower than it was in the prior auction?
Caroline Dorsa: So, as I said it is really too early to speculate, and I think we just have to wait and see how it plays out.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont - Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you. Can you tell us for 2009 what the contribution of BGSS was and also power trading?
Caroline Dorsa: So for trading, as I mentioned that participation and full requirements contracts, and some of the gains as I described as we calculate them was about $0.05 for the year and then there is a small amount for trading that I mentioned as well. For BGSS we don't break that out specifically. Year-over-year is relatively consistent, but we don't give that detail for BGSS.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: I guess in prior years, though, you had -- well, for 2009, it was supposed to be within several cents of what it had been previously. The last disclosures I think you had made were somewhere in the $185 million range. Should we assume that it's not materially different in 2009?
Caroline Dorsa: Without confirming that particular value, because we haven't given out that number, but I can't tell you for year-on-year, the margins in BGSS is basically consistent.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you very much.
Caroline Dorsa: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich, Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Hi, thank you. Just going back to the customer migration. Do you -- now that that the headroom has -- you know, the projected headroom has disappeared, as you look forward. Would you expect to see any customers come back to you, or do you assume that they're you know, going to be served by competitors going forward?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes Leslie, good question. We're not building into our projections expectation of our customers coming back early. There are still a little bit of headroom, but again very different dynamics in terms of pricing. Keep in mind though that even though customers migrate, they are still in our territory and we still serve them. That's what our ER&T group does and so, I mean, something we will talk a little bit more next week of course at our analyst meeting, but they still have to buy power, and so we still get some of that margin back, but I think it is too early to speculate on how we think about customers coming back. Of course we are not in the retail business. So it's really up to the retailers and their pricing and strategy and how customers compare that with pricing coming back in.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And are those commercial and industrial customers or all classes?
Caroline Dorsa: They are primarily those -- commercial and industrial because as you would well imagine it is probably the least profitable for a retailer to try to migrate residential customers.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay, great. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti, CDP US.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: My question has to do with the balance sheet at PEG Power. And I was taking a look, you know, as of at least third quarter, there was just about 3 -- just under $3.2 billion of long-term debt. I'm wondering, one, with the asset transfer down from Holdings into PEG Power, you know, is there any material debt that's going to be transferred down, and then I have a follow up question after that.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So good question relative to Texas asset transfer. So you're right. That came over to Power, but I can tell you when you look at the long-term debt at Power, for the end of the year, and you'll see this when we file the 10-K as Kathleen said later in the month. You'll see long-term debt at Power of about $3.1 billion, and so actually Power’s debt-to-cap ratio is about 43% at the end of the year, slightly better than the debt-to-cap ratio for the company as a whole, which is 45%, and of course the utility has its debt structure consistent with its rate case. So we're running a trimmed balance sheet for whole company as even slightly trimmer for PEG Power.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: And my second question is that when you interpolate you know, the current interest expense on the debt balances at PEG Power, it looks like your cost of debt is just below 5%, if I'm thinking about it properly. I'm wondering, you know, what type of potential refinancing issues there could be down the line, and whether I'm thinking about that properly?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, so don’t want to speculate on, you know, specific timing for financing. As you would expect we try to capitalize on the markets as we see them, and of course Power’s own capital and investment needs as well as dividends up to the parent. What I can tell you is think about power, which has significant capital expenditures last year of about $900 million. Utility will be the growing capital expenditure part of our business in the upcoming period, but given that and Power’s cash flow our intention is to keep that kind of debt-to-cap ratio in the kind of FFO to debt that we run at Power trim. So within the context of this business needs, we will finance it but you're not going to see it change in terms of its capital structure in any meaningful way, because it is obviously critical for us to keep Power well situated as credit rating.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: My last question, any meaningful maturities coming up at Power that will be refinanced in the next two, three years we should keep in mind?
Caroline Dorsa: There are one or two maturities I think the Power, not huge numbers, small maturities in 2011.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Annie Tsao, AllianceBernstein.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, Annie.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Okay. I just have a question regarding just a clarification on your 2010 earnings guidance, $3 to $3.25. That's assuming no gain in the lease termination, right? Or there is some?
Caroline Dorsa: As we said Annie, we haven't given out subsidiary guidance. So don't want to kind of drill into guidance by each of the operating companies. What I did mention was to keep in mind that the $0.13 per year that you saw this year, and its contribution to operating earnings is not something that you can repeat next year for a good reason. We've terminated 13 leases. We only have 5 leases left, and so even if we were to terminate all of them, you are not going to see the same sort of economic dynamics you saw in 2009. That being said, we still intend to actively manage the portfolio every time we terminate a lease. You know, we take down a tax exposure, which is terrific, but of course those are negotiated transactions. So you can't really forecast whether you're going to see terminations to what extent in 2010. So with that kind of keeping that in mind it's one of the things that's one of our priorities, but can't really forecast within our guidance how much to expect in terminations.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: And what kind -- you assume normal weather and some kind of economic recovery? And then what kind of demand growth then you anticipate then?
Caroline Dorsa: Well, as I said we are assuming normal weather, just because it is too early to assume anything different, and better not to try to forecast that. We are assuming that you may have hit bottom on the economy and start to see some recovery, but not to the extent that you know, we had economics hit in 2009, and you probably may be aware from the filings that we've made for the utility. You know, we're not assuming significant amount of growth in our business from the distribution side as well.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin, Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup: Yes, the question was asked and answered. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski, Macquarie Capital. I am sorry, Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Thank you. Two questions, both related to the BGS auction and migration. One, you guys mentioned that there's some new structure regarding the summer premium calculation on top of the BGS auction. I wonder if I just misunderstood that, or is it just an indication that the summer BGS prices will be lower because the BGS auction cleared at a lower level.
Caroline Dorsa: So to your question Angie, it is actually both. Every year there is a -- in the BGS auction there is a setting of the summer premium, and it varies year by year. So in the way in which BGS auction was set for 2010, there was not a summer premium put in. So when you factor that in, of course that's just one-third of the total BGS for 2010, and there will be some moderation of that summer premium up-tick relative what we saw say in last year where all three of the tranches had a summer premium, but it is a normal process. It's something that the BPU says on a regular basis.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. And the other question is about the migration. You mentioned the concentration is on commercial and industrial clients. But the way I see it, I mean, margins for competitive retailers are actually the highest for our residential clients. Maybe the volumes are lower and maybe it's a hustle to sign them up, but the margins are significantly higher for residential customers. So I'm actually surprised to hear that the switching is mostly among C&I [ph] clients.
Caroline Dorsa: Well, obviously it is the data that we see, and as, you know, we’ve spoken about before, and Ralph mentioned it is not the business that we're in and not one that we intend to get into. So I'm not really familiar with how retailers are calculating their margins.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont - Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Yes. In the rate case, should we look at the window of opportunity for settlement as going all the way through to a final rate order or practically speaking, is -- does the likelihood of settlement potentially become significantly less after the hearings?
Ralph Izzo: No, Paul, this is Ralph. I would say just the opposite. It is a possibility of settlement increases after the hearings. Having said that you're looking at the earliest possible settlement being more of an April timeframe, but a rendered decision being more in the late May, early June time frame. So we're kind of counting on rates effective middle of the year.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I think most of my questions are answered, just to quickly make sure I clarify something here. The sales growth, the weather-adjusted sales growth, you guys expect it to be somewhat positive, but kind of lackluster. Is that an adequate regurgitation on my part, or how would you describe it?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, I would say our expectations are for some sales growth in 2010, and if you look at that as we think about raising utility, the rate case in utility but modest. We are really talking you know, between less than 1% for the upcoming year, weather normalized, of course.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Excellent. Thanks a lot, guys.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure.
Kathleen Lally: Any other questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions)
Ralph Izzo: We may be ready to wrap up Kathleen.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Ms. Dorsa, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: So just in conclusion, I must tell you all the biggest source of pride that I felt this past year was to witness the team work that our employees across the company, labor and management, long-term, short-term, entry level, senior level, all of whom were looking for ways to save dollars, but preserve service levels, and I can tell you emphatically without doubt that we did so successfully. So thank you for joining us today. I would encourage you to join us next Friday at our investor conference that will take place in the morning in New York City. Please don’t hesitate to contact Kathleen or our investor relations group for the particulars, and we hope to see you there. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally -- VP, IR Ralph Izzo -- Chairman, President and CEO Caroline Dorsa -- EVP and CFO
Analysts: Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates Kit Konolige -- Soleil Jonathan Arnold -- Deutsche Bank Ashar Khan -- Incremental Capital Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital David Frank -- Catapult Angie Storozynski -- Macquarie Capital Neil Kalton -- Wells Fargo Securities Paul Fremont -- Jeffries Travis Miller -- Morningstar
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Angela, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today’s conference, Public Service Enterprise Group third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 28th, 2009 and will be available for telephone replay, beginning at 1 O’clock PM Eastern today until 11:59 PM Eastern on November 6th, 2009. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate Website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you operator. Thank you Angela. Good morning everyone. Thank you for participating in our call this morning. As you are aware, we released our third quarter 2009 earnings earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our Website as mentioned, www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30th, 2009 is expected to be filed in the next few days. I am not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you read those comments contained in our slides and on our Website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements, detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, and although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes unless required by applicable securities laws. We also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help shareholders understand performance trends. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Ralph is participating in the call today from our DC office. He’s scheduled to testify later today before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on climate change legislation. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ralph.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you Kathleen, and thank you everyone for joining us today on this call. Earlier this morning, we did report operating earnings for the third quarter of 2009 of $0.92 per share versus operating earnings of $0.94 per share reported during the year-ago period. Our operating results both in the current and prior-year excluded the impact on earnings from any change in the value of our Nuclear Decommissioning Trust as well as mark-to-market accounting related adjustments. Including both of these would yield income from continuing operations of $0.96 per share for the third quarter of 2009 compared to $0.94 per share earned last year. Now, to risk of stating the obvious, operating conditions in the third quarter were quite challenging. A weak economy included of normal weather conditions reduced the demand for energy and resulted in lower power crisis. The effect on our results was largely offset by strong performance from our nuclear fleet and lower fuel costs. The dispatch flexibility of our generating portfolio continued to be evident during the quarter as generation from our combined cycle gas fleet displaced higher cost of coal. Results also benefited from the efforts of our workforce to control costs while maintaining reliability. In fact, I am pleased to say that PSE&G, our regulated utility has won the National Reliability One Award for 2009, the fourth year in the past five years that PSE&G has been honored for the quality of its service. Also during the quarter, we continued to sharpen the business focus of PSEG Energy Holdings. We successfully terminated an additional 3 leases in our cross-border of leveraged lease portfolio. Since December of 2008, we have terminated 11 of 18 cross-border leases. These terminations have reduced the tax risk we face by $525 million. We consider a recent court decision in favor of another taxpayer with a similar lease portfolio, a positive development in the on-going management of our lease exposure. Further improvement in business focus was achieved by holdings transferring its 2,000 megawatts of gas-fired generating assets in Texas to PSEG Power. This was effective October 1. The transfer followed the successful exchange of power debt for holdings debt which took place in the third quarter. Power has been the operator of these units and now will have financial control of the portfolio. PSEG Energy Holdings business plan will emphasize the investment potential for renewable energy. We will be investing $100 million in solar, working to develop a 350-megawatt wind farm off the coast of Southern New Jersey and promoting compressed air energy storage to improve the generating efficiency of existing fossil station. PSE&G has started to deploy capital associated with the $1.4 billion of energy programs approved by the State of New Jersey earlier this year. You may recall these programs were designed to reduce carbon and create jobs through the delivery of energy efficiency benefits to our customers, the installation of 80 megawatts of solar generation, and improvements in our energy delivery infrastructure. These investments in addition to other corporate-wide efforts will help PSEG meet a new carbon reduction target. We intend to reduce our 2005 carbon footprint 25% by 2025.  We have met and exceeded aggressive targets we set for ourselves in the past. While this target is technically achievable, it will require support of public policy to be economically feasible for our customers and our shareholders. PSEG’s commitment to a low carbon business strategy has greatly enhanced our credibility as active participants in the debate at the national level, as Congress considered action on bills that could reshape the nation’s approach to energy policy. It is important to get these rules right. An established climate change policy at the national level with clear objectives would provide the blueprint we and others need to make disciplined investments. I can assure you that we are working hard to create value for our shareholders. We are focusing on programs to improve operating efficiency, taking advantage of opportunities in full requirement auctions within PJM that offer premium pricing to the market. We are increasing our capital investment in areas that provide good risk-adjusted returns and we are focused on maintaining our capital strength. We are maintaining our 2009 earnings guidance of $3.00 to $3.25 per share. However, as you may recall from our second quarter earnings call and as borne out in our third quarter earnings, the decline in demand experienced thus far will further challenge our ability to meet the upper end of that range. I am not pleased to turn the call over to Caroline Dorsa who will discuss the quarter in greater detail.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you Ralph and good morning. Good morning everyone. As Ralph just said, PSEG reported third quarter 2009 operating earnings of $0.92 per share versus $0.94 per share in last year’s third quarter. Just to remind you, our operating earnings exclude the impact of any changes in value of our NDT investments and obligations as well as other charges related to decommissioning, and any changes in the value of any transactions that don’t qualify for hedge accounting, i.e., their mark-to-market. The prior-year number has also been adjusted to be on the same basis to make comparisons easy to follow. Slide 4 provides a reconciliation of operating income, income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on slide 10, PSEG Power provides the largest contributions to earnings. Power reported operating earnings of $0.67 per share compared with $0.71 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.17 per share compared to $0.19 per share last year. PSEG Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.04 per share compared with $0.05 per share a year ago. The parent company reported earnings of $0.04 per share compared with a loss of $0.01 per share a year ago. We have provided you with a waterfall chart on slide 12 that takes us through the net changes from quarter-over-quarter operating results by major business. But let me now review each company in more detail, starting with PSEG Power. As shown on slide 14, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.67 per share compared with $0.71 per share a year ago. The operating environment in the quarter was very challenging given the weak economy of normally cool weather, which you will recall we commented on in our second quarter earnings call, and low power crisis. As a result, Power’s results in the third quarter were hurt by an overall decline in demand, which reduced year-over-year earnings by an estimated $0.08 per share. Results were also hurt by a migration of customers away from the BGS full requirement contract in a period of very low commodity pricing.  We estimate customer migration reduced earnings by about $0.04 per share. The decline in pricing was partially offset by reduced costs associated with an increase in production from our nuclear fleet as well as a decline in the cost of gas. A decline in cost of solar on lower production benefited year-over-year earnings by $0.05 per share. A decline in operating and maintenance expense improved earnings comparisons by $0.03 per share in this quarter, and the results in the quarter were also aided by a decline in financing costs of $0.01 a share. As you can see on page 16, Generation declined by 10% in the quarter. The decline in production occurred at our fossil facilities. Our nuclear fleet operated at a capacity factor of 94.6% during the third quarter, bringing the capacity factor for the nine months ended September 30th to 93.8%, which compares favorably to the 93.1% for the first nine months of 2008. Salem 2 completed a 515-day run before entering a refueling outage earlier this month, a record for this station. The increase in production from nuclear coupled with the decline in production from our fossil fleet, especially coal as you can see on page 16, resulted in nuclear generation supplying about 56% of Power’s generation in the third quarter compared with 49% in the year-ago quarter. Low prices and a decline in the cost of gas resulted in displacement of coal-fired generations by our combined cycle fleet, a similar result as second quarter. Our inventory of coal has increased given the decline in production from our coal-fired facilities. We are taking advantage of the flexibility built into our coal contracts to reduce coal shipments that we don’t require over the near-to-intermediate term. During the quarter, we incurred approximately $16 million of expense to cancel coal shipments, which we felt was the right decision, considering all in economics which we always do. The improvement in power prices in the past month has supported the operation of our coal-fired facilities. Our current supply of coal as well as the completion of backend technology work at Mercer and Hudson will provide us with added flexibility regarding our coal supply beyond 2010. As you saw in the second quarter, our gross margin per megawatt hour of production increased during the quarter, this quarter to $64 per megawatt hour from $61 per megawatt hour in last year’s third quarter. The increase is the result of higher levels of nuclear generation and increase in nuclear as a percent of total generation as well as the lower cost of gas. These factors together with re-contracting of the fleet allow the generating assets rotated within the PJM market to maintain their contribution to Power’s total dollar gross margin on a year-over-year basis, fully offsetting the impact on income from the decline in demand and customer migration. The contribution from the New England assets declined year-over-year as a result of high-cost coal and low pricing, and a decline in spark spreads more than offset an increase in production from the gas-fired facilities in New York. On the contracting side, we have active participants in full requirements auctions that have taken place in surrounding markets within PJM. These auctions have allowed us to secure contracts at attractive margins. The markets we believe have gone to an evolution in the pricing of load products. Risk is more appropriately priced into the market today than in the past. Pricing reflects capital risk as well as the risk associated with time, volume, and product. It is not just credit risk. Our baseload production is fully hedged for the remainder of this year. Approximately 80% to 90% of our baseload coal in nuclear production is hedged for 2010, and about 45% to 50% of 2011’s production is hedged. This is in keeping with our normal practice of hedging our products over a three-year period. Power’s gross margins for the full year are benefiting from higher contracted prices, a decline in fuel costs, and stronger performance from the nuclear fleet than originally forecasted. Based on performance of the nuclear fleet during the first nine months for the year, we estimate that fleet’s full-year capacity factor could advance to 92% to 93% versus the forecast of capacity factor of 91% to 92%, and similar to 2008’s capacity factor of 92.6%. The improvement in the gross margin rate as well as tight control of Power’s operating expenses is expected to offset a forecasted decline in fossil generation for the full year. Power’s O&M declined 9.6% during the third quarter and 1.5% for the nine months ended September 30th, despite an increase in pension expense. The reduction in O&M for the quarter reflects the absence of maintenance work on Hudson in the prior-year third quarter. We expect Power to continue ongoing expense controls. We are maintaining our forecast of Power’s full-year operating earnings of $1.170 billion to $1.245 billion. It’s important to note that Power’s operating results will include the full-year earnings impact of the fourth quarter transfer of the 2000-megawatt gas-fired assets in Texas from Holdings to Power, as well as interest expense in the fourth quarter associated with the newly issued debt resulting from the exchange of Holdings debt. Now, let me turn to the other operating companies. Next, PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of 2009 of $0.17 per share compared with $0.19 per share for the third quarter of 2008 as shown on slide 21. Electric revenue declined during the quarter by $0.02 per share. The decline was caused primarily by abnormally cool weather conditions and economic conditions. Slide 23 lays out the difference in the number of hours where the average temperature was equal to or greater than 90 degrees in 2009. And as you can see, they were 66% fewer hours over 90 degrees versus normal conditions and less than half the rate of last year. As you can see and as you know if you live here, this was far from a normal summer. The results for the quarter benefited from an increase in transmission revenues effective on October 1st, 2008, of $0.02 per share. This was offset by higher depreciation on increased levels of investment and increase in O&M and lower taxes, which together reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Electric sales declined 4.5% in the quarter, with sales to the residential sector declining 7.5%. On a weather-normalized basis, we estimate residential electric sales decline by 0.9%. The results for the quarter and year-to-date continue to support a forecast decline in weather-normalized electric sales of 1.5% to 2% for the full year. However, we expect to decline in sales for the full year to be at the upper end of that range. PSE&G continues to demonstrate control of its operating expenses. Excluding an increase in pension expense and expenses associated with regulatory clauses, which as you know are recovered in revenue, operating and maintenance expense is the items that are controllable, were flat year-over-year during the quarter. PSE&G earned an 8.6% return on average consolidated equity for the 12-month period ended September 30th, 2009. The return earned on equity invested in the electric transmission business exceeded 11%, and the return earned on PSE&G’s electric and gas distribution businesses is lower than the level authorized in our last gas rate proceeding and less than the 10.3% overall rate earned in 2008. PSE&G has updated its May 2009 base rate case request with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities on September 25th to reflect six months of actual results and six months of forecasted results with 2009 as a test year. The filing currently reflects an increase in electric and gas revenues totaling $22 million over the original $231 million request. The rate case request will be adjusted in 2010 to reflect actual results for the 12 months ended December 31st of this year. The current schedule would provide for a decision in the first half of 2010. Rate counsel and other participants in the proceeding are expected to file their response to our request on November 19th. Keep in mind, we received immediate recovery of our transmission investments in cost through our FERC-approved transmission formula rates. In accordance with our formula rate protocol, we filed our 2010 annual formula rate update with FERC in October. The update provides for an increase in our 2010 transmission rates for approximately $24 million and it would be effective on January 1. We also anticipate a decision from the BPU on our portion of the Susquehanna to Roseland 750-kV transmission line in early 2010. We are maintaining our forecast of PSE&G’s 2009 operating earnings at $315 million to $335 million. The forecast continues to reflect an increase in pension expense for the full year as well as higher levels of depreciation expense. Let me now turn to Energy Holdings. PSEG Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.04 per share versus operating earnings of $0.05 per share during the third quarter of 2008. Holdings’ quarterly earnings comparisons were affected by several items. The operating profit from a generating capacity in Texas declined by $0.02 per share. Although production levels were normal, the decline in energy prices in comparison to very strong prices in the year-ago period was the primary reason for the reduction in operating earnings. Lower pricing more than offset the reduction in operating and maintenance expense and the absence of financing costs following the redemption of the Texas project debt, which we recall we mentioned earlier this year. Earnings comparisons were aided by the recognition of gains on the successful termination of three cross-border leases in the quarter which Ralph mentioned earlier, for $0.03 per share. Total proceeds for the sales were approximately $225 million in the quarter. Results were also improved by a reduction in operation and maintenance expenses and a lower tax rate of about $0.02 per share. During the quarter, 74% of the aggregate principal amount of Energy Holdings 8.5% senior notes due in 2011 for $368 million were exchanged for $404 million of combined cash and newly issued notes from PSEG Power. The $20 million premium, after-tax, was expensed against Holdings’ third quarter operating earnings, of an impact of $0.04 per share. Since December of 2008, we have terminated 11 of our cross-border leases, reducing our cash tax liability by approximately $525 million from a potential liability of $1.3 billion. We mentioned that our net potential tax liability was reduced to $950 million at the end of the second quarter, with the three leases terminated during this quarter on net tax liability expense at $780 million. We believe as we have stated that our terminations are economically advantageous to our shareholders as the total amount of the liability reduction is funded with cash received from the counterparts. In addition, we still have $320 million on deposit with the IRS. As Ralph has indicated, we consider the recent court decision in favor of another taxpayer for the similar lease portfolio to be a positive development in the ongoing management of our lease exposure. Effective October 1st of this year, Holdings transferred the Texas gas-fired assets to Power and the transfer will result in the movement of operating earnings associated with the Texas generating assets from Holdings to Power for the full year. As a result, we are reducing our forecast of Holdings operating income for 2009 to $25 million to $45 million from $40 million to $65 million to reflect the debt premium and the transfer of Texas assets on a full-year basis. Please note that the premium charge against Holdings’ full-year operating earnings is reversed at the parent level, as this transaction was in fact between two wholly-owned subsidiaries. This accounts for the forecast improvement in the full-year results at the parent level as you see on slide 30. To comment on earnings guidance, we are maintaining our full-year 2009 earnings guidance of $3.00 to $3.25 per share. Slide 30 provides a review of operating earnings guidance by subsidiary for the full year and incorporates the changes associated with the asset transfer from Holdings to Power and the debt exchange. As Ralph has indicated, the difficulties encountered in the third quarter increased the challenge to meet the upper end of our guidance. Finally, let me make just a few comments on our financial profile. We have been very active in the past quarter and throughout the year. Our financing activity has reduced our overall cost of debt and simplified our balance sheet. We have redeemed $200 million of debt at the parent company level in the quarter, leaving only $49 million at the parent, which will be redeemed by year-end. We exchanged expensive paper at Holdings for Power debt and cash and we continue to reduce our potential lease related tax liability with the proceeds from the termination of leases. The use of cash for debt reduction lowered our cash balance at the end of the quarter to $130 million from $393 million at midyear. Our balance sheet has been strengthened. The simple calculation of long-term debt to total capitalization has been reduced to 45% from 50% at year-end 2008. Our tax liability is lower than previously forecast, and our internal cash position remains strong. We are now happy to take your questions, and at this point, I will turn it back over to Kathleen to discuss the process for our Q&A. Kathleen?
Kathleen Lally: Thank you Caroline. I would like to remind all of you that we ask that you ask us one question and one follow-up, and if you have further questions to get back in the queue. Also with this call, given the fact that Ralph is in DC and the rest of the team is here in New Jersey, we ask that you direct the questions to Caroline, not that Ralph is unavailable to answer them, but that we will act as referee here from New Jersey in terms of getting your questions answered. Thanks. Operator, if you can queue up the first question?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. Caroline, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit to the migration of customers’ comment you made. First of all, I assume that means customer shopping. And then second, the $0.04 impact in the quarter, can you talk about kind of how that has been trending this year and what you guys are doing to prospectively come back to that customer migration trend?
Caroline Dorsa: Thanks Dan. Thanks for the questions. Yes. So, relative to migrations, this is a relatively new phenomenon, and while we have been watching it, obviously been something that’s really become material in this last quarter. And I think there’s something to keep in mind that helps explain this. What you have happened this particular summer, we had particularly pricing as you know, and we also had particularly cool weather, which depressed pricing overall. So, we had the commodity price and then the weather related impact on pricing, and of course in BGS, which is where we are seeing the migration from, you have as I am sure you know, a premium price that goes on BGS for the summer.  So, because of the disparity between the commodity levels and the impact on pricing from the reduced demand, relative to the pricing of BGS, which had a premium for the summer, that’s really what really caused or provided that headroom or that differential that resulted in the kind of migration that we saw. To point that out because I think it’s important to keep that in mind as we think about migration on a go-forward basis. Those were particularly unusual conditions, the cool weather, the low commodity pricing, the low power pricing with the BGS price that led to that margin and that gap.  If you look at where prices are now for example in the market relative to where they were in the summer, and you look at the forward curves, you don’t see that kind of pricing, and of course, you no longer have the BGS differential. So, I think that coming from those sort of historic differential, just something that’s coming more normal even now, even though it’s not like it has been historically. You should factor that into your thinking and certainly we do as we think about migration going forward. It was a particularly unusual period in this summer, and I don’t think we should think of it as a go-forward equivalent rate.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: I guess the question that, you know, that amount of load that is going, are those customers coming back now that the three launches over the summer is gone or they staying down at this point in time to the point we should assume some of that, the forward hedges you talked about today might not be as solid over the forward hedges we otherwise would have thought?
Caroline Dorsa: Right. Customers who have gone can come back at any time that they want to come back, but keep in mind as those customers leave and they get served by others, we are still generating the power. So, we could be serving some of those customers through our sales of power in the open market and to some of the retailers we think we deal. And keep in mind as the prices come back, as they have since the summer, we will capture those higher prices as we serve those customers whether it’s in the market or when they come back to BGS. So, we have the opportunity to essentially touch the customers with our power through a different channel and not just through BGS. So, you shouldn’t assume that, that complete margin is lost to us on a go-forward basis, because we get that back as you serve them in the market or if they come back to BGS. And as the prices come back, as we have seen them come back, that differential becomes smaller, and of course, our hedges fully reflect migration.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: (inaudible) a little bit, are you guys doing anything to try and draw those customers back or try and protect the BGS share, given your stake in the auctions, it’s hard to really try and compete them back?
Caroline Dorsa:
 :
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon from Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning Greg.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: At current spark spreads in Texas, can you make money on your Texas plants?
Caroline Dorsa: Hi Greg, it’s Caroline. Good morning. Yes, those spark spreads are certainly lower than they were last year as you well know. And that’s been the challenge relative to our performance of the Texas assets versus prior year. But yes, our Texas plants are profitable.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: The fuel cost decline, is there any deferral of fuel expense into the future? I know that you guys took a $16 million hit, I think I heard you say in terms of cancelling contracts, but are there any – is there going to be any impact in future years due to, maybe deferment of higher cost coal contracts, and in that same vein, the Bridgeport Harbor, coal, I felt that’s mentioned, if you could just elaborate a little more on it?
Caroline Dorsa: So, first of all, in terms of fuel costs, there is no deferral of any kind of fuel costs into future periods. Everything is matched for the full cost of fuel for the generation that we have in this quarter as it is for every quarter. To the point you raised about the $16 million, the $16 million is the cost that we incurred, that is expensed in this quarter, that relates to the transportation cost for coal shipments that we cancel which we have the option to do under one of our coal contracts. And so, based on the full economics of considering our coal, our stockpiles, our need for coal and the cost to return the coal, we determined that, that was the right all in economics, that’s not deferred, that’s expensed and all of our fuel costs are expensed. Relative to Bridgeport Harbor, that’s where we use the higher priced coal, the Adaro coal that you have heard of speak about, and we will continue to use that coal into the future, although the contract terms change as we go into 2010.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay. Just to sort of go back, when I mentioned deferral, I am not talking about an actual accounting deferral as what I am really sort of be pulling to is – well we proved with some companies is that they essentially stockpiled the higher cost coal and burn the cheaper coal if you follow me, or they delay delivery of higher cost coal to future time periods and that’s what I meant by that. I want to make sure that I didn’t confuse you with that term deferral. Do you follow me? Did any of that take place?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, I understand what you are saying. No. Let me just articulate how we think about our coal piles. So, we do have a lot of coal in stockpile right now, more than we would normally have, because as you saw from our data of Holdings running this summer, but we don’t have the kind of option that you might be thinking about relative to burning cheaper coal versus burning more expensive coal at a particular location, based on our assets profile, certain assets can only burn certain types of coal. So, at Bridgeport Harbor and at Hudson, we burn the most expensive coal. When those units run, it can only run on the most expensive coal, and in the case of Bridgeport, that will always be the case.  In the case of Hudson, at the end of 2010 when backend technology goes live, we will be able to burn some cheaper coal. Same thing for Mercer which burns metallurgical coal, it will also have some opportunities for some different type of metallurgical coal after the backend technology. But it isn’t the case that a single plant can change the type of coal that is burned. So, to put that all together for you, we have inventory stockpiles of our various types of coal. I mean, as those units run that pull those particular coal types with their particular cost, that’s when they run through the P&L.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Kit Konolige with Soleil.
Kit Konolige – Soleil: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Kit Konolige – Soleil: On your reference to the higher prices that you are seeing in the market, can you give us some color on that, and also some color on your reference to better pricing and of risk in the RFP situations?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Thanks Kit for those questions. In terms of better pricing that we are seeing in the market, what I am really talking about here is just if you follow the price curves as I am sure you do as we do, and you look at the price curves or the pricing that’s within the markets and assumed in the market when we were in the summertime period versus where we are now, PJM West around the clock, for example, expectations for pricing for the remainder of the year. When you sit in the summertime and now I am just talking without basis of PJM West, you were looking at numbers like $36 per megawatt hour, we see those numbers now up to about $43 or $44 or $45 without the fully in basis and everything else.  So, that was really the reference that I was making. In terms of the auctions, we have been participating as Ralph mentioned in his remarks in a number of the options for full requirement provision, something that we know in our experience back from the years we participated in BGS. What we are finding in those auctions as we consider the kind of risks, things that could always happen in the full requirements in terms of the time between now and when you have the provide the power. Some of those as you know have future start date and other risks related to cost of serve and volume amounts as well. In prior auctions, we saw that sometimes those weren’t fully reflected in the prices and sometimes we would win, but now we are actually a little bit more attractive margins, I would say commensurate with the risks that a full requirements provider have to take on.  We are pretty comfortable that those economics, which are attracting by the way, more bidders who recognize that versus perhaps some of the bidders who earlier may have underbid and unfortunately for them didn’t profit and may have fold out. But that’s the better functioning market that’s pricing and the risk and providing us with the experience and with the dispatch that we have among our fleet to lock in some potentially good margins that are commensurate with taking on that risk which we think given our experience, we manage relatively well.
Kit Konolige – Soleil: And just a follow-up on it, can you put any numbers on that, say in comparison with your realized gross margin that you discussed previously?
Caroline Dorsa: No, we really can’t think about it from the perspective of the competitive nature of those auctions, and so I really can’t do that at this time, but I would say that the market is one that we are happy to elbow and participate in.
Kit Konolige – Soleil: Okay. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold -- Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold -- Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to ask another question on coal commentary, you said that with the recovery in markets, you are starting to see coal run a little bit more. But as we are in the fourth quarter, are you still turning back incremental coal or was that just a third quarter phenomenon?
Caroline Dorsa: Right now, we are not turning bad coal any longer. That did happen in the third quarter based on those economic, and yes, as I mentioned earlier, the coal plants are running a little bit more, not up to the kind of normal levels, sort of a little bit more now. So, we think that’s a good augur for the future.
Jonathan Arnold -- Deutsche Bank: Thank you. And if I may just – you mentioned the sales forecast now tracking kind of more to the higher end of the range that you had given before, can I ask where are you finding offsets to the additional pressure on sales, and any early thoughts about what kind of sales growth you might expect into 2010 for what you are seeing today?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So, at the utility, you are talking about the pressures on what we are seeing in sales and that’s weather normalized right, so of course, taking out the excessive cool summer, we had forecast that 1.5% to 2% decline early this year, we are now saying we are probably going to be at the top end because of the pressures that we are seeing. Really, the primary offset for us is continued strong management of operations and maintenance expense, which we are doing. As I mentioned, I think in the remarks, when you adjust for those things that frankly were fixed as we came into this year like pension expense, and adjust for the O&M, that’s fully recovered in clauses, so it’s not really hitting the bottom line. The utility is really managing their O&M on basically a flat basis and considering obviously all of those things that need to be done. Too early to forecast 2010, we are not giving any guidance for 2010 at this time, but as you could well imagine, overall, expense management across all of our businesses is an important thing that we certainly focus on top of the efforts underway.
Jonathan Arnold -- Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Caroline Dorsa: You are welcome. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan with Incremental Capital. 
Ashar Khan -- Incremental Capital: Hi, my questions have been answered. Thanks.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Levi with Incremental Capital. 
Andrew Levi -- Incremental Capital: I am good too. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Next question?
Operator: Next question is from David Frank with Catapult. 
David Frank – Catapult: Hi, good morning. 
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
David Frank – Catapult: Question on the shopping, can you tell us what percent of the BGS retail load is currently shopping, and do you have a forecast for year-end shopping levels?
Caroline Dorsa: Currently shopping and currently potential, no, we certainly don’t know. It’s not really something that we see until it actually happens.
David Frank – Catapult: Okay. But as of the end of the third quarter maybe?
Caroline Dorsa: As of the end of the third quarter and related to what we determined from our $0.04 per share for the quarter, it was approximately 10% of the BGS volume.
David Frank – Catapult: Okay. And then one other question, I think every year the BPU looks at making changes to the power procurement process in New Jersey, and at least to this point, I think any changes have been minimal if any, is there any more momentum off late to perhaps change things or what do you think?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, good question, and we have gotten that question a little bit earlier this quarter as well. Every year, the BPU solicits comments from all the parties involved in the BGS auction process to ensure that the process is working most effectively for all the constituents. That’s happening now as it has happened every year. But we don’t have any reason to foresee that anything different would happen to the auction process based on anything that’s happened thus far. So, it’s a normal activity and frankly from our perspective, we are pleased that those things occur on a regular basis, because it continues to reinforce the BGS process which has basically remained essentially unchanged into the start.
David Frank – Catapult: Great. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning Angie. Good morning.
Angie Storozynski -- Macquarie Capital: Hello. I have a question about the IRS liabilities and the comments, decisions, should we expect that, that’s a similar path that your company is going to follow, maybe some lawsuits and no settlements inside?
Caroline Dorsa: Thanks for the question. I wouldn’t characterize it that way. I think what we have been doing, we have been very, obviously pleased with the results we have been able to achieve thus far in terminating leases And keep in mind the impact of the termination of the leases with that reduction in our tax exposure from the $1.3 billion, it would have had at the middle of this year if we done nothing to $780 million, at this point $780 million at this point in the year. All of that reduction was funded by the proceeds from the termination. At the same time, we have been in the appeals process discussions with the IRS. So, we actually are pursuing really keeping our options open, which has really helped us in terminating leases, we have taken exposure off the table.  We are still in the dialog with the IRS and while the Con Ed case that occurred, it was very favorable with fact-based rulings that are similar to our facts, we frankly just think that gives us more options as we go forward. So, we haven’t yet determined what our final strategy will be. We are very pleased with what we have done so far, and we think of favorable ruling and such an important case for us, you know, another company that looks like this company just gives us more optionality. So, we are going to do what’s best overall for risk reduction and overall economics for our shareholders, but it is too soon to indicate exactly what form that would take, and as we continue to look at lease terminations and other things as well. So, we just think it’s positive development that just helps us and keeps more doors open.
Angie Storozynski -- Macquarie Capital: If I may, have you ever considered maybe exploring the competitive retail activities yourselves, that’s the trend that we are seeing with your neighboring states and companies that’s powered through auctions and they may need to retain some of their load by basically luring them into their companies by offering them competitive retail services, is that something that’s company might explore?
Caroline Dorsa: As a kind of long term and bigger picture strategy question, I will just ask Ralph, if you want to comment on that?
Ralph Izzo: Sure Caroline. Well, Angie, we actually were in that business about five or six years ago and opted to get out simply because the margins are typically razor thin. Caroline tried to describe earlier and her answer to Dan how unique this particular summer was with the amount of headroom. That doesn’t mean that there isn’t a role for retail third-party suppliers in the future. But it’s a fundamentally different set of skills, fundamentally different set of systems with a whole different profitability picture. So, I would say that in the near term we will continue to make sure that we price BGS properly to reflect the risk. We will work with third-party suppliers to supply them, but you won’t see us jumping into the retail business in the near future. I never say never, but you don’t see us doing it in the near future.
Caroline Dorsa: Okay. Thank you Ralph. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities.
Neil Kalton -- Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Neil Kalton -- Wells Fargo Securities: I just had a follow-up on the IRS and the lease issue. In the last Q, I think there was a mention that it could be substantial incremental deposits made with the IRS later on this year, how should we think about that now, given you have sold some additional leases, and then does that change with the impact of the Con Ed outcome?
Caroline Dorsa: Good question. Let me just sort of backup and mention what’s on deposit now and how that all figures in. So, we have in addition to all what I just mentioned about the overall liability reduction, that brings it down to $780 million sort of separately from that. We have $320 million already on deposits with the IRS. So, think about it this way and I will come back immediately to your point about what future deposits could be. If we were to settle at a 100% and I am not saying we would do that, but just to help you kind of do the arithmetic, that’s what the $780 million exposure relates towards the interest, plus 100% settlement. If we were to do that, the amount of new cash that PSEG would have to pay or fund would be $780 million less the amount on deposit of $320 million or $460 million.  So, when you look at our balance sheet, if you think about what our tax liability could have been at $1.3 billion, and then you look at what our balance sheet would have to fund now, that number is $460 million assuming a 100% settlement. So, that’s just for backup. There were citations in the Q in the last quarter and you will see some updates that are added in the Q this quarter when we file it. That relate to payments that we would need to make if we were to get a notice from the IRS and pay funds in order to pursue. And so, you will see updated numbers for that in the Q, but keep in mind, that relates to whether we decide to pursue litigation and that really depends on what the IRS does in terms of notices for us. And they are broken out into two periods, the earlier period 1997 to 2000, the later period 2000 to 2003 depending upon how we might proceed if we decide to go to court.
Neil Kalton -- Wells Fargo Securities: Yes, very helpful. Is there any way to handicap when you might get that notice, would this be a 2009 or 2010 event?
Caroline Dorsa: It’s really difficult for us to forecast that. I think the important thing to keep in mind is that we are in the appeals process, we are in discussions with the IRS, that’s obviously a good thing, but how will those proceed and what the dialog turns out to be with the IRS will have an impact on when we might see any statutory notice. It’s really hard to predict exactly when you would expect to see that. We have not gotten a statutory notice as yet, and of course, the IRS has to make some decisions about whether they want to appeal the Con Ed case. They have a period of time after that case – the final filing of that case occurs, they have some 60-day windows with some potential sort of extension to appeal. And of course, the IRS has to really factor that perspective into how they approach a settlement discussion. With the judgment on that case not yet quite as we call, it was Wednesday, last week, everybody of course on both sides are really just continuing to evaluate the results and their impact.
Neil Kalton -- Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks.
Caroline Dorsa: You are welcome. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Fremont from Jeffries.
Paul Fremont – Jeffries: Thank you. My question has to do with the decline in basis differential between PJM West and some of the more constrained areas. Can you comment at all as to where that differential historically has been, and what have you seen sort of more recently, has the differential changed?
Caroline Dorsa: So, what you may be referring to is there were some changes in the basis that brought basis down as prices came down and basis in the summertime was generally lower than its normally expected. What we see now, I mean, as we kind of look forward, we see basis moving back up, you know, not fully to perhaps historically normal levels by coming back up from where it has been. So, it came down, as prices came down, it’s starting to come back up, not quite at normal levels yet.
Paul Fremont – Jeffries: Yes, can you put some numbers around that, in other words, what type of basis differential have you seen historically and where was it, what type of a number was it this summer?
Caroline Dorsa: So, historically, you tend to see numbers of about $8 to $10. In the summer, we tend to see numbers more around the $6 to $7 level, and we are not quite seeing numbers come back quite that high yet, but starting to come back closer to the more normal levels.
Paul Fremont – Jeffries: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Hi guys.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: You mentioned the capacity factor was going to be higher I think in the plants for 2009, is that correct?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: And was it going to be higher in 2010, or --?
Caroline Dorsa: No, capacity factors for 2010, we haven’t given any guidance for 2010 capacity factors. What we mentioned is we were pleased to see the capacity factors we had this year and have the potential to see the capacity factors for the full year to be similar to what they were last year.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then, on the shopping, is there any particular customer group or area, geographical area that seems to be responsible for this, or is there any way you can elaborate on that?
Caroline Dorsa: You mean the migration?
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Yes, the migration, I am sorry.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, yes. So, just keep in mind there are three segments I guess I had asked you to think about. The very large customers, the largest customers in New Jersey, those customers have separate contracts and are typically in BGS. So, while you think about BGS, think about the residential customer and think about those medium-sized businesses. So, what you are seeing from migration are typically those medium, smaller-sized commercial and industrial customers whom retailers can reach much more easily than residential and who might be thinking about their energy cost in a more direct management way than someone residentially. So, typically, it might be hospitals or small commercial and industrial customers. That would be generally those who would take those actions.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thank you.
Caroline Dorsa: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Travis Miller from Morningstar.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Good morning.
Caroline Dorsa: Good morning.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: In the PSE&G rate case proposal, what were the key components of that $22 million increase that you guys filed for in September?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so the $22 million increase is really just an update. This is our test year, 2009 is our test year. So, when we filed, more of the test year was on a forecasted basis, we updated for actual through June and the forecast for the rest of the year, we will update again when the year closes on actual, so for example, this went up by $22 million with the new actual, it could go the other way when we put in the final actual. So, I wouldn’t read too much into that increase that’s signaling something, it’s really just consistent with what we do in a test year, which is update with actual as we go through the year.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: And supposing a demand is a big component of that, is that correct?
Caroline Dorsa: No, no.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: No?
Caroline Dorsa: Not demand driven, really just actual spend in the test year.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay. Great, thanks.
Caroline Dorsa: You are welcome.
Kathleen Lally: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Levi with Incremental Capital.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: Hi. I just want to get an idea of your cash situation. I guess you had mentioned that you already see yourself meeting or exceeding key credit measures, and now the IRS things slowly hopefully working itself out, any chance of using that cash for whether it’s stock buyback or something like that in the future?
Caroline Dorsa: Good question. So, you probably are aware that we had a share repurchase authorized by our Board last year that we purchased a small amount under, but have most of that authorization still left. At this point, when we think about our capital deployment, as you know, we have a significant number of opportunities to make investments that we think generates the right risk-adjusted return level for our shareholders. As we mentioned, I think earlier in our remarks, over $1 billion in Energy Master Plan and stimulus investments, over $1 billion will be invested in the utility and transmission, which of course gets favorable rates and premium under the FERC formulas as well as things in power which we didn’t mention, like the extended power-operated Peach Bottom, which is about $400 million our share, that gives us obviously additional nuclear generating capacity. We consider those to be the first usage for our cash and the best usage for our cash to support growth for our business and returns for our shareholders, and of course supporting our dividend is actually critical. So, at this point, we don’t see the role for share buyback, because we think that we have the right places to deploy the capital for our shareholders and provide them with a good all-in return. That doesn’t mean it could never happen in our future, but right now, it’s not in our plan in forecast.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: Thanks a lot.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you. Operator, I think we have about run out of time to this call. We dedicated an hour to it, we don’t want to abuse everyone’s time this morning, but Ralph, if you have any last minute comments that you would like to make and then we will close with that.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Kathleen, just really to thank everyone for participating, just the risk of repetition, there were some strong headwinds. Once again, our employees stepped up to the task, reducing costs while preserving reliability, four out of five years is the most reliable (inaudible), continued improvement in our nuclear plans, continued acceptance and our ability to invest in carbon light future. I think at this point, we would just sign off and thank you for your attention. Look forward talking to you at the end of next quarter.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally – Vice President, Investor Relations Ralph Izzo – Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer Caroline Dorsa – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley David Frank – Catapult Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams Mike Worms – BMO Capital Markets Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Public Service Enterprise Group second quarter 2009 earnings call. (Operator Instructions). Ms. Kathleen Lally, you may begin your conference.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you all for participating in our call this morning. We released our second quarter 2009 earnings statements earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investor section. And we also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended June 30th, 2009 is expected to be filed later today after the close. I am not going to read the full disclaimer statements or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you all read those comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless required by applicable securities laws. We also present the commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help shareholders understand performance trends. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman President, and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions and we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
Ralph Izzo: Earlier this morning we reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2009 of $0.63 per share, which is slightly more than a 3% increase over last year's $0.61 per share. Our operating results, both in the current and the prior year, exclude the impact on earnings from a change in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust fund as well as mark-to-market accounting related adjustments. To say that the business environment we face is challenging is an understatement, but we're meeting those challenges. Cooler than normal summer weather has sent us to the record books to determine when we last experienced conditions similar to this year. In fact, June of 2009 will go down as the second coolest in this part of the country since 1970, and July has also been abnormally cool. Notwithstanding this unfavorable weather, PSEG was able to increase its operating earnings and achieve success on several major regulatory initiatives that provide a foundation for future growth. But that's not all. We've also reduced the potential risk we face on our cross-border leveraged lease portfolio with the successful termination of five leases in the second quarter. Since the beginning of December 2008, we've terminated eight cross-border leveraged leases in our portfolio. These terminations have reduced a tax risk we faced by approximately $350 million. Caroline will go into greater detail on that subject later on. I'm also pleased by the Environmental Protection Agency's, U.S. EPA if you will, recent recognition of our success in reducing our rate of greenhouse gas emissions. We set a goal in 2002 to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 18% from 2000 levels by the year 2008. We surpassed that goal and achieved a 31% reduction in our emissions intensity. The importance of this is that we've solidified our position as one of the nation's leading low carbon energy companies. We've been active participants in the debate at the national level as Congress considers action on bills that could reshape the nation's approach to energy policy, as an established policy at the national level with clear objectives would provide the blueprint we and others need to proceed with disciplined investments. Fortunately, New Jersey is not waiting for Congress. The New Jersey BP's approval of programs in the past two months supporting investments in capital infrastructure, economic energy efficiency and most recently, Solar 4 All, supports the state's long-term clean energy goals as they also provide opportunity over the near term for jobs and growth for PSEG. None of this success would have been achieved without the focus of our dedicated workforce. Operating performance remains strong and our expenses have been reduced to help offset the impact of higher pension costs. But the abnormal weather conditions experienced thus far this summer, and by that I do mean through the end of July, will challenge our ability to meet the upper end of our $3.00 to $3.25 per share operating earnings guidance. I can assure you that we are working hard to create value for our shareholders. We're focused on optimizing margins on generation through the use of our asset mix. We're focused on managing our non-pension related cost structure as well as controlling the growth in pension-related expenses. We're increasing our capital investment in areas that provide good risk-adjusted returns and we're focused on maintaining our financial strength through a reduction in risks, primarily through the lease portfolio. And now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Caroline Dorsa who will discuss the quarter in greater detail.
Caroline Dorsa: As Ralph has said, PSEG reported second quarter 2009 operating earnings of $0.63 per share versus $0.61 per share in last year's second quarter. Just to remind you, our operating earnings exclude the impact of any change in value for our NDT obligations, as well as other charges related to decommissioning and any changes in value of transactions that don't qualify for hedge accounting or mark-to-market. The prior year number has also been adjusted on the same basis to make comparisons easy to follow. Slide four provides a reconciliation of operating income to income from continuing operations and net income for the quarter. As you can see on slide 10, PSEG Power provides the largest contribution to earnings and was responsible for the improvement in earnings for the quarter. Power reported operating earnings of $0.47 per share, an increase from $0.42 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.09 per share compared to $0.10 per share last year. PSEG Energy Holdings recorded operating earnings of $0.07 per share compared with $0.10 per share a year ago. Parent company expenses, which are primarily interest, declined to zero in this quarter from $0.01 per share a year ago. We've provided you with a waterfall chart on slide 12 that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business and I'll now review each of those companies in greater detail, starting with Power. As shown on slide 14, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the second quarter of $0.47 per share compared with $0.42 per share a year ago. The operating environment in the quarter was very challenging given the weak economy, abnormally cool weather and low gas prices. But Power's results were strong despite this environment given its base-load hedge position and the dispatch profile of its generating units. As you will see, we produced a larger percentage of energy from our low-cost nuclear fleet and gas continued to displace coal in the quarter. And as you may recall, this is similar to the situation in the first quarter. Higher average prices realized by Power and lower fuel costs contributed $0.04 per share to earnings. Higher average realized prices reflect the impact of two months of the 2008 BGS contract for $111.50 per megawatt hour which replaced the 2005 auction contract, which was priced at $65.41 per megawatt hour for the three-year contract period beginning on June 1st of last year and one month of the 2009 BGS contract for $103.72 per megawatt hour, which replaced the 2006 contract for $102.51 per megawatt hour. In addition, the re-pricing of a below market round the clock wholesale contract for 500 megawatts which expired at the end of 2008, also supported the quarter-over-quarter improvement in prices. Power's operating results continue to benefit from a strong performance of a nuclear fleet. Generation from our nuclear plants increased slightly more than 2% in the quarter even as Power's overall generation output declined 15%. Power's New Jersey fleet operated at an 88.9% capacity factor in the quarter, and including Power's ownership interest in Peach Bottom, the fleet operated at a capacity factor of 89.1% versus 90.5% in the year-ago quarter. The performance in the quarter reflected the impact of 23 outage-related days versus 44 days in the year-ago quarter. This year's results include 23 refueling outage days at our 100% owned Hope Creek stations. Last year in the second quarter with 44 outage days primarily related to the replacement of the steam generator at our 57% owned Salem 2 unit. So the impact on our share of overall generation was smaller per outage day last year since it related to jointly owned facilities. The increase in nuclear generation this quarter is also a reflection of the upgrade and turbine replacement work completed at Hope Creek station and Salem in the second quarter of 2008, which added 173 megawatts to the capacity of those units. Cold than normal weather, a weak economy and low gas prices have affected both demand and the dispatch of our generating fleet. As I said earlier, generation declined 15% in the quarter resulting in a 10% decline in generation for the first half of the year. Slide 16 provides a breakdown of generation by fuel and the quarter is shown on the left side of the page. Nuclear was 62% of our generating output in the quarter versus 52 in the year ago period. Our combined cycle fleet experienced a 16% decline in production but met 25% of the reduced load. Our coal fleet, particularly those units supplied with higher priced coal were not called upon much during the month of June. Output from our coal fleet declined overall 51% in the quarter. Slide 17 provides a break down for our fuel costs for the quarter and year to date. And overall, despite generation being down by 15%, fuel costs per megawatt hour declined 53% from $36.50 per megawatt hour last year to $17.20 per megawatt hour in this quarter. The shift in dispatch of our generating fleet, enabling us to take advantage of low-cost gas versus higher priced coal supported an improvement in gross margins. During the quarter, gross margin improved to $63.00 per megawatt hour from $50.00 per megawatt hour last year. To date we burned 1.2 million fewer tons of coal than normal. We have flexibility built into our coal contracts that allows us to turn back deliveries at a cost, and we're currently at the high-end of our capacity to store coal at most of our stations. And without any change in demand we would expect to incur some minimal expense to deal with management of our inventory in the second half of 2009. These costs are of course factored into our guidance. Other items which had an influence on Power's quarter included a moderate decline in our BGSS results, $0.01 per share. The maintenance expense also decreased by $0.01 per share. Overall, Power's O&M continues to be tightly managed. Excluding the impact of pension expense Power's O&M year-to-date is in fact lower than in 2008. We've lowered our forecast of Power's operating earnings in 2009 by 3% to 1.17 billion to 1.24 billion from the prior 1.21 billion to 1.285 billion. It will in fact be difficult to make up the loss of load experienced in the first half of the year during the remainder of 2009. This is particularly true given the cool weather experienced already in the month of July. Margins per megawatt hour however will be higher than our prior forecast for the year, given the decline of fuel cost. We currently forecast gross margins for 2009 of $61.00 per megawatt hour versus our prior guidance of $57.00 to $58.00 per megawatt hour. This improvement offsets a significant amount of the decline in demand that we see related to the economy. Our revised guidance takes into account primarily the impact of the cool summer experienced through the end of July. Let me now turn for a moment to the other operating companies. PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of 2009, $0.09 per share compared with $0.10 per share for the second quarter of 2008 as shown on slide 21. Electric revenue declined during the second quarter by $0.01 per share. Total gas margin improved by $0.01 per share. Earnings were also aided by an increase in transmission revenues effective on October 1st of last year for $0.01 per share. And this improvement was offset by higher depreciation, on increased levels of investment $0.01 per share, and O&M expense at $0.01 per share. Regarding O&M, PSE&G also continues to demonstrate control of its operation expense. Excluding an increase in pension expense and expenses associated with regulatory causes which are recovered in revenue, operating and maintenance expense, the items that are really controllable, declined slightly for PSE&G during the quarter. Electric demand was heavily affected by the cooler than normal weather and summer weather as measured by the Temperature Humidity Index which you probably know as the THI, was 41% cooler than normal in the month of June reducing air conditioning loads and as a result electric demand. Electric sales volume declined 5.4% in the quarter but on a weather normalized basis we estimate electric sales declined 1.8% in the quarter, in line with our forecast for the full year. Margins on electric sales were relatively unchanged. Slide 23 provides an overview of the items that affect electric and gas margins. As shown, and as we've shown before, about 60% of PSE&G's electric margin and 30% of PSE&G's gas margin is supported by demand charges which are unaffected by changes in volume. PSE&G earned a 9.2% return on average consolidated equity for the 12-month period ending June 30 of this year. The return earned on equity invested in the electric transmission business exceeded 11%. The return earned on PSE&G's electric and gas distribution businesses is substantially lower than the level authorized. On May 29 of this year, PSE&G filed a request with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, or the BPU, for an increase in electric and gas revenues totaling $230 million. The requested increase is based on a 2009 test year and supports an 11.5% return on equity and a 51% equity ratio. And, as we have noted, we have also requested trackers for pension expense and capital addition. The rate case typically requires 9 to 12 months of hearings and deliberations before changes is effective. We expect this case to take that full amount of time. The BPU has also approved several initiatives proposed by PSE&G in order to help meet the goals of New Jersey's energy master plan. Recently on July 27 the BPU approved PSE&G's Solar 4 All program. Through this program, PRE&G will invest $515 million on the installation of 80 megawatts of new solar projects over 2009 through 2013. On July 1st they approved the investing of $166 million over 18 months on PSE&G's energy efficiency economic stimulus program. And these programs are in addition to their already 2009 of this year approval of PSE&G's capital infrastructure program. Together, these programs will increase PSE&G's capital investments by $1.3 billion over 2009 through 2001 to a total of $4.5 billion. Slide 24 outlines the change in capital spending by year from the levels forecast in the 2008 10-K. We have reduced our forecast of PSE&G's 2009 operating earnings to $315 million to $335 million from the prior $320 million to $345 million. Our revised forecast takes into account the impact of the abnormally cool weather on electric sales over the months of June and July. We see no reason to adjust our forecast of full year weather normalized sales. Although we have experienced an uptick in growth, there's also no evidence to suggest a further deterioration in sales as a result of a weak economy. Results in the second half of '09 will continue to be affected by an increase in pension expense, depreciation and higher financing costs. Lastly, let me discuss PSEG energy holdings. Energy holdings reported operated earnings of $0.07 per share versus operating earnings of $0.10 per share during the second quarter of 2008. Holdings quarterly earnings comparisons were affected by several items. The operating profit of holdings gas-fired combined cycle generating capacity in Texas declined by $0.06 per share, a reduction in demand and lower energy prices in comparison, particularly, to very strong pricing in the year-ago period more than offset a decline in maintenance expense and lower financing costs. As Ralph mentioned earlier, earnings comparisons in Holdings were aided by the recognition of gain on successful termination of five cross-border leveraged leases in the quarter for $0.05 per share. We've terminated eight of these types of leases since the beginning of December 2008, bringing in cash of approximately $450 million and reducing our cash tax liability by $350 million. Keep in mind, our tax cash liability was $1.2 billion at the end of 2008 and would normally grow as we recognize the tax deductions associated with our investments. In fact, if we had not terminated these leases, the cash tax liability would have grown to approximately $1.3 billion by this time, and our actions to terminate these leases has therefore reduced this cash tax liability by over 25%. And the reduction was funded entirely by the proceeds from our counterparties. Also, as we have indicated, since we established a reserve a year ago, and we accrue lease earnings at a significantly lower rate, our income statement exposure is very limited. We have 10 cross-border leveraged leases remaining in our portfolio and we intend to pursue their sales when economically prudent. We also increased our reserve on deposit with the IRS during the quarter for this matter by $140 million to $320 million. And keep in mind, this is separate from and in addition, to the taxes paid that I mentioned a moment ago for the terminations. We continue to believe we have a very good position should we pursue litigation of our claim in court, but our ability to terminate leases on an economic basis reduces our dependence on a favorable court outcome. Based on the reduction in our cash tax liability achieved thus far and our ability to fund an increased deposit from operating cash flow, we do not see the need to issue debt in 2009, specifically to fund any potential tax payment. We've raised our forecast of PSEG Energy Holdings 2009 operating earnings to $40 million to $65 million from the prior $0 to $20 million. Our revised forecast takes into account the gains achieved on lease terminations and our ongoing effort to reduce the portfolio. As it indicated in the review of operating company performance, we've modified our range of expectations by subsidiary to reflect the operating conditions I mentioned. We continue to actively manage our controllable expenses. During the first half of 2009, our O&M expenses, excluding pension expense, are down slightly from year-ago levels. But, as Ralph said, the cool weather conditions we have experienced, both in the second quarter and continuing through July, challenge our ability to meet the upper end of our $3.00 to $3.25 per share range for the year. Just a comment on our capital and financial position, which remain strong, we closed out this quarter with $393 million of cash on our books, which is an increase of $72 million from year end 2008. This is after increasing our reserve at the IRS by $140 million, reducing our level of debt, excluding securitization debt by $80 million, and completing all of our anticipated funding for our 2009 pension obligations of $360 million. In June, a $100 million bilateral credit agreement expired at Power another $100 million bilateral agreement expired at PSEG. Energy Holdings also terminated its $136 million credit facility that was scheduled to expire in June of 2010. And to replace this capacity, we established a new $350 million syndicated credit facility at Power that expires in July of 2011. So as of July 24th, we have $3.2 billion of capital from our credit facilities available to meet the operating cash needs of the business. Finally, the balance sheet has been strengthened. If you do a simple calculation of long-term debt-to-total capitalization that number has been reduced from 50% at year-end 2008 to 48% at June 30th. Our tax liability is lower than we forecast just six months ago based on our active portfolio management and finally, our internal cash remains strong. With that summary, I'll now turn it back over to [Conchetta] and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Good morning. I was trying to map this out and maybe I missed it, but what was the total weather impact that you guys have seen year-to-date or year-to-date through July relative to normal?
Ralph Izzo: So Dan, we have given that in a couple different ways, we give it in terms of a THI effect and we give it in terms of the percentage of generation reduced. So I'm glancing at my numbers –
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: I am trying to see if there's a way of an earnings impact to figure out how much of the slippage from the middle, midpoint or upper end of the range is just a function of weather this year.
Kathleen Lally: For the utility year-over-year debt electrical side, excuse me this is Kathleen Lally, it cost about $0.01 for the first six months of the year in electric. There's probably some slippage in July. I wouldn't know what that number is, but that's $0.01. But more importantly, you're going to see some of that impact for Power, which is really it's the overall demand and I can't translate that $0.01 that we see for electric into Power, but the decline in Power is due to weather.
Caroline Dorsa: And I think Dan, one way to think about this – this is Caroline – is in the first quarter of the year we saw a total generation decline at Power by about 4%, which was really more the economy and this quarter we see 15%. There's really no reason to think the economy is very different and so when you look at the generation I think you should think about that net is about weather. And when we look at what we have done and provided as updated guidance, when you look at the impact of the economy, and particularly if you assume it extends for the year, but then you look at what we've been able to do in margin, that pretty much offsets what happens from the economy and so we tend to think about that guidance reduction that we've given for Power, which is about 3% in the aggregate when you compare the numbers. It's really the impact of the weather when you net it all out.
Ralph Izzo: So just take the margin times the reduced sales and you pretty much get there.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay, and then I guess along those lines, the gas plant performance or utilization in the quarter, or relative share, was quite a bit bigger than I would have anticipated. How much more of that do you see, and I guess philosophically if we were to think about the switching decision when you guys decide coal versus gas. Are you looking at market-based costs for fuels or are you thinking about legacy costs for fuels when you make a coal switch decision?
Caroline Dorsa: Well certainly we look at the market-based cost for gas, which obviously gives us a real obvious advantage. And we do have to look at our cost for coal because we have that mix not just with Appalachian coal but of that higher priced [Adaro] coal. And so when we look at that, that's how we think about how we can optimize our margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Good morning. Just wanted to ask further questions on the reduction in or the gain related the leases and you mention that you had 10 leases remaining. How much potentially could you reduce your cash tax liability if you were to exit the remaining 10 leases and how likely are those actually to get done?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, good question. So from the ones that we have terminated thus far, as I said, we reduced that liability now down to $950 million from what it would have been if we'd done nothing. If we were able to terminate all the leases, and I don't want you to necessarily conclude that we can terminate every single one, since obviously that's a negotiation between two parties. But if we terminated all those leases, the only liability that's effectively left is the interest liability that relates to the timing of when those deductions were taken, and so if you reduce the entire liability except for timing you're talking about a number of about $250 million or so that would be left that's all timing related. So can't say whether we'd get to all of them, probably shouldn't assume we should do every single one. We're still looking at the managing economically when we can do things like terminate leases and have all the taxes that are due be paid by proceeds by the other party, but that's about the rough math.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: And just as you've seen my follow question that – did that have an effect on the tax rate in the quarter? I noticed it was up four percentage points over last year. I guess what is your full year tax rate expectations?
Caroline Dorsa : It has a slight impact in increasing the tax rates for the quarter because the lease terminations have some particulars state tax results that a little different from the ongoing business. So I would consider that bump in the tax rate for this quarter as related to the terminations and although we're not giving specific tax rate guidance I would use more like we had in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning everyone. Still getting use to that new name, but the – when I look at slide 24 at the revised capital spending numbers and we look at the makeup of that coming from stimulus energy efficiency and Solar 4 All, are these items all being accounted for in terms of the ultimate ability to generate revenue and earnings through mechanisms outside the formal rate making mechanism, i.e. are they all on riders or trackers, so that we can assume that you'll earn on them at a reasonable return without having to have the classic regulatory lag?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Greg. As a matter of fact that was, if you will a condition precedent with our regulators in discussion with them was that we would not deploy this capital without what we're calling contemporaneous returns in a formula rate-type structure.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Great so what is the formula – in the formula what's the equity ratio and the return on equity?
Ralph Izzo: The way it works right now is they get a 10% return on equity with a 47% equity ratio. Those numbers will be adjusted to whatever comes out of the base rate case, which we have filed. However, the contemporaneous nature of it will not be changed.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Okay so are those – are the adjustments to rates made quarterly, semi annually?
Ralph Izzo : So what happens is we forecast the spend going forward, we then get a rate adjustment prospectively for that and then we true up at the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Frank – Catapult.
David Frank – Catapult: I wanted to ask you did you participate in win load in Pico's auction?
Caroline Dorsa : So we have participated in Pico's auction. We actually participate in a number of those types of transactions, either block or full requirement. And we did win a few tranches so we were successful and we're pleased with that. That's part of the ongoing activities of our energy resource and trade group, and they participate actively in auctions like that.
David Frank – Catapult: Okay, so were you a winner in the Pico auction?
Caroline Dorsa: We did win some tranches, yes.
David Frank – Catapult: Okay, because I was told there were only two winners, Pico and one other party, so –
Ralph Izzo: We can't comment on that.
Caroline Dorsa: We were one of them
David Frank – Catapult: Okay, I think you're one of the two. This brings up and interesting point because –
Ralph Izzo: Where did you get your information from?
David Frank – Catapult: Well that came from someone at [Excelan], so they were curious who the other party was, and I said I didn't know, but I figured it had to be – you were one of two picks, so. On these auctions I heard [Constellation] talk about auctions earlier today and was talking to [Relian] about them recently and a few parties and I guess the impression I'm being given is that when you participate in an auction in your service territory or where the generation is incumbent to serving that load you realize really fantastic margins even if power prices are moving down and risks spreads or whatever are declining. When you start getting into other regions the impression I was given now was that when you factor in the costs of transmitting the power and maybe buying some of the costs related to serving that load, that the margins have been bid down to almost very nominal amounts versus what the around the clock price in those regions are. I didn't know if you had any comment on this? Is this accurate or are you seeing a trend?
Ralph Izzo: I wouldn't agree with that characterization as the cause for margin differences, David. What I think is the primary cause behind one company or another having a better or not as good margin is the asset mix, and whether or not the product is a full requirements product or whether it's a block product. And there's risk associated with only having a slice of the asset mix required to meet the full requirements of the customer. And to the extent that one has to split the baby or split the pie with others when you don't have that asset mix, the question becomes how much of the margin's yours versus how much of it is shared, how much risk do you have to take in relying on somebody else's operation? How much risk do you have in not controlling the assets that will be needed and when prices get prohibitively high during a peak time and they eat in all the margin that you that you accumulated in the prior 364 days and so forth. And so what you tend to see is that those companies with a comprehensive asset mix along the dispatch curve, I think, are well positioned in those markets. And where they don't and where they have to rely on others the margins get thinner.
David Frank – Catapult: So I guess suffice it to say that when you're bidding on load outside your region have you seen a decline in margins versus what you're able to get in auctions maybe a year or two ago?
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't think that's true. In fact the margins if anything have gone up. Just look at what the cost of credit is, look at the risk associated, look at the risk premiere of the capital markets are applying in a whole host of areas. So I would say it's quite the opposite. Now if your question is are your margins stronger places where you have assets where you don't then the answer to that of course is yes. I mean, but I don't see, given an identical asset mix in a given location, margins have probably increased over the past few years rather than going down.
David Frank – Catapult: Okay, so that's – you guys are the first person I've heard say that on this issue, but I guess maybe we can do a bit of a dive off the call. But thanks Ralph, I appreciate the insight.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: Just a question on going forward as you look at energy holding, should we go back to kind of the lower guidance because these lease income gains are no longer going to be repeatable? I'm just trying to get a sense as I look at this for next year and the year after.
Caroline Dorsa: We haven't obviously given any guidance for you know after this year as we haven't for any other part of our business, but you're correct that the increase that we put in this guidance is reflective significantly of these lease gains on our ongoing efforts to reduce the portfolio. Keep in mind, though, that we not assuming we're terminating all the leases and we still will have lease income from probably some of these leases and the rest of the leasing [inaudible] portfolio and energy holdings, other assets which include Texas and some of the renewables business it's building. So it's too early to give any guidance for 2010, but holdings is not just the leveraged lease portfolio.
Ralph Izzo: Plus it's safe to assume, Ashar, as we look forward to the earnings potential of these leases and we pull that into the current year, we only do that when we think we can pull forward a greater economic value that would otherwise be there. So I just look at running out the life of the lease and generating earnings that way versus selling the leases and generating earnings that way as a prudent management of these assets. And so whether it's earnings by sale or earnings by running them out, that's to me just whatever we can do on behalf of the shareholder that maximizes their value. Plus I think from the re-pricing of leases, they weren't contributing much to earnings this year in any event, nor next year. As a matter of fact I think they were producing a loss this year if I'm not mistaken.
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: Well that was my next question, what is the lease income left over from the remaining leases?
Caroline Dorsa: It's a very small number because, as you may recall, last year not only did we take the reserve to bring the leases in line with the expectations given what was happening with the IRS, we also booked it as a very much reduced rate on an ongoing basis. So in terms of the year-over-year impact that was a negative impact. But in terms of what we're actually be booking it's a very small number. We haven't broken it out, but it's a very small number.
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: Then let's make a shift into this higher CapEx guidance, previously you still had excess cash kind of a thing. Does this higher CapEx now take care of all that excess cash that was to be, was kind of what to do with that excess cash? I'm trying to get a sense of does this fully fund itself into that [block] that you had in your previous presentations?
Caroline Dorsa: No, so I'm glad you asked that question. So to repeat as we said on the summary of our financial position, we closed the quarter with almost $400 million in cash. And when we look at the capital expenditures that we have here, both for the utility, the new ones that we mentioned as well as the ongoing base level of CapEx, which by the way which includes transmission which obviously gets a significant return, and Power's cutbacks, we look at this from the perspective of being able to fund it with a combination of internally generated cash, but also appropriate access to the capital markets. And when we look out on, just sort of speaking in broad terms, we see our ability to do that from those two sources while still keeping a tight balance sheet in terms of overall debt to capital ratios and absolutely not needing any equity. So I think of this as absolutely within our balance sheet and access to capital markets means, but not precluding us from doing the things we need to do, and we're certainly not issuing equity.
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: If I can just stand up with, just to Greg's question, the [arc] effects in '10. Will that, the amount that is higher, will that translate into earnings for that year? Or does a true-up happen, I wasn't understood it properly, does true-up happen at the end of the year so it will be at a year's lag or the higher CapEx for '10 will earn and show up in earnings in '10?
Ralph Izzo: No, no, the prospective rates, Ashar, as we file the case and as we get approval the earnings actually show up in '10. So we ...
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: So the higher CapEx that you're doing for solar and energy efficiency and all those things in '10?
Ralph Izzo: Correct and in order ...
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: Will those earning show up in '10 for those items or in '11?
Ralph Izzo: For '10 for those items, now the requirement on us is that we monthly confirm with the Board of Public Utilities the fact that we've made those capital investments. So as long as stay on the schedule we give the Board of Public Utilities then the prospective rate [inaudible] produces a 10% ROE on 47% of the investment.
Ashar Kahan – Incremental Capital: So we can just do that 47 times 10 on those investments as [inaudible] additional earnings in '10?
Ralph Izzo: That's the rule of thumb we generally use.
Caroline Dorsa: And just to add a point to that to just think of it as capital and total in the 2008 10-K projections which we just show as a line so we can highlight what's new. There's significant capital within that $1.1 billion in 2010 that's transmission related. It also provides current return on a similar basis. So about $490 million of that $1.1 billion is transmission related and that operates in a similar manner to what Ralph just described for the other, newer additions and of course the kind of returns that we get on transmission are in the 11% to 12% range. So think of that when you think of the capital as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates: Just not to ask too many questions about the leases, but it looks to me like you guys increased your numbers based on not only what you guys have recognized already, but what you might recognize in the future. And I guess I'm sort of backing into it, I might have done the math wrong, about $0.05 a share of potential additional lease sales this year?
Caroline Dorsa: No.
Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates: I'm going from zero to [$20 to $40 to $65] and it would seem to me that about, I don't know, the difference between [$40 and $65] seems to be [$25] which would be about $0.05 a share I would guess, correct?
Caroline Dorsa: Well in terms of the leases that we already terminated this quarter, as we said those leases contributed $0.05 in the quarter. And of course that's wrapped into our full-year guidance.
Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates: But $0.07 for the first six months, correct?
Caroline Dorsa: That's correct.
Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates: And so there's a potential for you to do more and, I guess, what I'm trying to get a figure for let me ask you this way, what is the potential additional benefit you might, you're projecting in your numbers for lease sales?
Caroline Dorsa: I think we shouldn't project that or forecast it. And if you think about it, we really can't because it relates to our ability to negotiate with the counter-parties and terminate the leases. And while we intend to continue to do that because of the favorable results we've had thus far, we do have criteria for doing that and that includes they be economic transactions. We're not giving these away. They meet the kind of things like enabling us to reduce our liability with the IRS, primarily funded through the counter-parties. All of it has been funded through the counter-parties to date. So I think we're not going to get into that level of detail except to say that, yes, we're trying to do more of this. We think this is a good way to manage our risks. Beyond that I don't want to speculate at this point. And, Paul, I don't think you can simply say the difference between zero and [$20 and $40 to $65] is all leases or that we're going to be doing a lot more. We've got 36. If you take this difference between zero and [$20], let's say we were going to earn [$10] combination with Texas and other assets, nothing from leases in there. In fact perhaps a little loss on an operating side, but now we've booked $36 million in gains in the first half from that $10 million gets us to $46 million. So between that and normal operations in Texas maybe we got there, I don't want to lead you to think there's a chunk more of gain even though we're working hard to secure that reduction in tax liability.
Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates: In terms of like just to sort of understand this, what is the impact, is there any impact other than the potential absence of having these gains in future years? I mean does it, if you're doing these transactions, does that impact 2010's earnings in any material way?
Caroline Dorsa: So keep in mind, and you're right to ask the question, if we terminate the leases and we no longer have lease income in future years, but remember when we took the reserves last year in the second quarter, not only did we take a step-up in the reserve, we significantly reduced to really minimal levels the amount that we're actually booking for leases. So it's not a big number in terms of going forward into 2010 for the leases that we terminated. But, yes, what we're doing in recognizing the gains and recognizing them in this quarter, we're accelerating that operating earnings into this quarter by determination. But we haven't broken out, and of course we haven't guided for '10, we haven't broken that out in detail. But that's generally the right way to think about it, but remember it's at a very reduced rate for the P&L.
Paul Patterson – Glen Rocks Associates: And then the coal, low coal burn, you mentioned that you've got higher priced coal and lower priced coal. And I am wondering, it would seem to me that you might be, and clarify this if I am wrong, but it would seem to me that if you are burning less coal you're increasing a stockpile of coal. And what I am wondering is, is what kind of coal is being stockpiled, assuming that I am right? If there is more coal being stockpiled or less being delivered, or more to be delivered in 2010 or to be burned in 2010, is that the higher priced coal or the lower priced coal and how might that impact earnings?
Ralph Izzo: It's a combination of met coal and the [Adaro] coal that we're stockpiling and you're correct, Paul, to assume that we are stockpiling coal. It also is important to know that we do have flexibility in our higher priced coal, the [Adaro] coal, to turn back coal and we have been turning back coal. It comes at a modest cost, but nonetheless, we do the analysis. And to Dan's question before, as the market price for coal comes down we don't worry about the fixed cost. We worry about the market costs and then we would operate those coal plants if we could get a decent market rate relative to gas. The issue here has been the rate at which gas has been trading. So yes, we are stockpiling. We have the ability to turn some of the coal back and we carefully monitor the difference in the market price of the two fuels as we look to dispatch on a day-to-day basis.
Paul Peterson – Glen Rocks Associates: Okay, so in other words, is there any potential impact on EPS in 2010 as a result of this?
Ralph Izzo: No, not in 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: Hi, most of my questions were asked. I'm just trying to figure out the thinking on including the lease gains in operating earnings for guidance. Just explain that.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so if you think about the leases that we have in our portfolio, we are in the leasing business and as we, within Energy Holdings, of course, and it is a part of our operating earnings as we earn out over these leases. So the way I think about this is this is a reflection of accelerating what would have otherwise been some operating earnings we've earn over a very long period of time and it is part of the Holdings business. So, I wouldn't take it out because it is effectively operating earnings just recognized at a different point in time.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: Okay, I don't know if I'd agree with that, but just as you, again, just kind of going with what Paul said, I would assume we'd have to back out these earnings into 2010. I understand that you have other ways to make it up but just want to understand that right? We should be backing out those earnings.
Caroline Dorsa: No. I would caution you against thinking about this as backing out in 2010. Think about these as very long leases that we are accelerating by the termination now.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: Right, but we are not going to see the actual dollars in 2010; we've seen them all in 2009. Is that correct?
Caroline Dorsa: Right, you've see the dollars in 2009 that you would have otherwise seen over many years.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: No, no, I understand that, but understanding as far as thinking about 2010.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, that's correct, but it's a small number and it's not a significant number for 2010.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: And then did you say, and maybe I missed it that you increased your reserve by $120 million? Is that correct?
Caroline Dorsa: No, you may be thinking of the fact that we increased our deposit with the IRS and what that does is reduces the rate of accruing interest so that it's favorable from an arbitrage basis.
Andrew Levi – Incremental Capital: I just misheard. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams.
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams: Hi good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the specific initiatives comprising the energy efficiency program. What are the major pillars of the $166 million capital spent?
Ralph Izzo: Sure Mark. These are primarily low-tech programs we are talking about weatherization and lighting programs. We have been trying to direct them more towards the lower income urban communities of the state and they're distributed among residential and small commercial customers, largely.
Mark Siegel – Canaccord Adams: Okay and anything planned for smart grid or smart metering, specifically?
Ralph Izzo: We have some work in progress in the sub transmission level for what we call Advanced Loop Design. So as you well know, smart grid has 10 definitions for every five people you ask. So we tend to not act on smart grid in terms of smart meters or two way communications. We look more at improving our overall network. And Advanced Loop Design just allows us to minimize the impact of storms and outages on customers should one come through, and allows us to sectionalize the circuits with greater precision. So it's a great reliability tool that we've deployed on one circuit with tremendous success and we are looking to do more of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Worms – BMO Capital markets.
Mike Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much. I had a question regarding the solar project. And if I calculate the number correctly, it comes out to about in $6,400 in kilowatts which is close to the cost of the new nuclear plant. Just wondering what kind of capacity factor are you expecting from the solar project?
Ralph Izzo: Michael, this is Ralph. These are about 10% to 12% capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Thank you. I was just wondering do you have any specific plans for operating and maintenance expenses, especially over the longer term? And also in the reduction in refueling schedule in second quarter, is it caught up in the fourth quarter?
Caroline Dorsa: I will answer on the operating and maintenance, just to start off. So keep in mind we said earlier this year that we would manage operating and maintenance expense to be at a low level, close to a flat level, excluding pension expense. And we've been able to do that in all of our businesses year-to-date, so both business excluding our core businesses, coal, power and utility, excluding pension expenses are flat to down. And that's certainly is the kinds of things we look to target. We haven't guided on O&M expense, but you can be sure we're very focused on managing it just the way we've been managing it year-to-date.
Ralph Izzo: And hopefully, we didn't miss communicate. We have not change our refueling program at all. The plans come up every 18 months. What we tried to discuss before was that last year Salem 2 had an extended refueling outage because of a steam generator replacement, which was planned, scheduled and conducted at the second fastest pace of any in the industry. And this year our wholly owned Hope Creek had a just a plain vanilla refueling outage which it did in its own fastest ever time, not an industry record, but the fastest ever for Hope Creek. When you just look at the relative size of Hope Creek to Salem and you look at the relative duration of the outages and our ownership positions, you get this slightly different effect quarter-to-quarter for refueling. But there's been no change in our plans for refueling nor have we delayed anything for the nuclear plants. We wouldn't necessarily –
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: No, I was just thinking that sometimes the 18 months fall more favorably in the second quarter or the fourth quarter and that was the only reason I was asking the question.
Ralph Izzo: No, so we have a Salem 2 outage coming up in the fourth quarter of this year each as well as at Peach Bottom 3. [Excelan] will obviously run the Peach Bottom outage we'll also run the Salem outage and then we are back on the regular schedule. My guess that next spring will be Salem 1 and next fall will be Hope Creek and I won't take you out further than that.
Ralph Izzo: By the way, it's all assumed in our numbers.
Operator: Our last question comes from Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Thank you. I just had a follow-up question, more conceptually, when you think of the renewable opportunity in New Jersey, given that the utility now seems to have kind of a cap [emergency] as far as putting in renewable energy. How do you view Power participating in the renewable energy spectrum? And when you look at RECs will there, if indeed a Waxman-Markey bill gets passed in the Senate will there be enough RECs being produced from what the utility can produce in order to satisfy the need for RECs in the States?
Ralph Izzo: Nathan, just so we are clear, the utility program will satisfy 4% of the solar component of the renewable portfolio standing in New Jersey. So the state, I believe, and this is speaking from policymakers is still eager to see a vibrant, competitive marketplace in renewables and particularly in solar, just given the constraints from a land perspective of onshore wind in our state. It's just very difficult given the density of our population to site onshore winds. Having said that, the state has really directed us to make these solar investments in underserved markets which is why you see us doing it on utility poles, on our own land, on HMFA-financed housing, on some of the municipal urban enterprise zone locations. So they are really trying to get us to deploy our capital in a way and get some market going so part of the project we just announced will result in a local manufacturer hiring 100 people with their inverter technology, which is essential because it is distributed facilities. So I think the reason why you see a prominent role for the utility now is that everyone recognizes that solar is not competitive. At current – the way energy prices are structured today, with the absence of externalities included, solar would never get built. So if you have to deliver a subsidy for solar to get built, whether that subsidy is in the form of a grant or an SREC, the regulators have, I think properly identified the fact that the utility is the least cost method for delivering that subsidy. Even having said that, they are is still leaving a place for competitors on the backs of these subsidies in the form of SRECs continue to play. So I think over the long term, if technology delivers on its promises, you'll see utilities back out of this. Power is not active in the renewables market right now. The only other renewables project we have going on outside of the utilities is our offshore wind project in Holdings which is at its very nascent stage, but has the prospect of being more competitive than solar, although that has a huge error bar of uncertainty around it at this point in time.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Just as a follow-on question, if indeed the competitive cost of solar doesn't fall, and you are indeed needing to add more solar to the grid, as they say, I guess one of two things would happen. Utilities would step up or SRECs would rise significantly. Do you have the appetite to put on high cost rate-based, shall we say, or said differently, do the cost of SRECs have to rise considerably to make them competitive and that would therefore bode for higher BGSS prices?
Ralph Izzo: So I would argue that the smarter way to do it from a societal point of view is through the utilities, right, because what happens is the developer, because we're in both businesses, right? We are in it both as a utility and part of Holdings is doing it as a competitive business outside of the utility area. What happens is you need an SREC price that it as today's market price, but you need that locked in for 8 to10 years. And that's tough to sign on to when the panel manufacturers are telling you that the prices are going to drop by 50% in five years. Why would anybody do that? So the discount rate that people applied to SREC pricing is enormous, and that all gets passed on to the customer though BGSS. The alternative is to turn to the utility and say whatever the SREC is that benefit will flow back to customers. Whatever the market price for power is, that will flow back to customers. You the utility, as is the case here, will get paid for this as if it were a circuit breaker or a mile of copper wire. Put that panel in place, tell me what it costs, finance it with half debt, half equity and here's your 10% return. So the cost of capital for the projects is lower. The risk associated with the subsidy, if you will, is lower and if society, we don't make public policy, but if society decides that all of the benefits associated with solar, and I won't list them all here, are worth the extra cost, I think that that extra cost will be less if done in the utility. And that seems to be agreed to by our state regulators right now.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, operator I think we will conclude the call at this time, but if there are folks who continue to have questions or, if not now, later, please feel free to call Investor Relations at PSEG. Our main number is 973-430-6565. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen Lally - VP IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman President and CEO Caroline Dorsa - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Paul Fremont - Jefferies Kit Konolige - Soleil Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital Vedula Murti - CDP US David Frank - Catapult 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Kali, and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group first quarter 2009 Earnings Call and webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Monday, May 04, 2009 and will be available for telephone replay, beginning at 2 PM Eastern Time today until 11:30 PM Eastern Standard Time on May 11, 2009. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you very much Kali. Good morning. Thank you for participating in our call this morning. As you are aware, we released our first quarter 2009 earnings statement earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com under the Investors section. We also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2009 is expected to be filed shortly. I am not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results, but I do ask that you read all of these comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement with regards forward-looking statements, detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. Although we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimate changes unless required by applicable securities laws. We also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help shareholders understand performance trends. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Caroline Dorsa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Thank you.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Kathleen and thank you everyone for joining us today on this call. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2009 of $0.95 per share compared with $0.86 per share reported a year ago. These operating results both in the current and in the prior year excludes the impact on earnings from a change in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds, which I will refer to as the NDTF now on, as well as other charges related to mark-to-market accounting. It will come as no surprise that we are experiencing some very challenging markets, but the results for the first quarter demonstrate the strength of our operations and the flexibility of our asset mix under the direction of PSEG's very capable workforce. PSEG Power's asset mix and hedging profile supported attractive margins in a market characterized by weak demand. Performance was also aided by continued excellent performance from Power's nuclear fleet. The fleet performs at a capacity factor of nearly 98% in the quarter. We had fewer outage related days in 2009 versus 2008. You may recall, Salem 2 underwent stream generator replacement last year, and although it was the second fastest ever in our industry, it was longer than normal outage. On top of the fewer outage days, the additional capacity of 173 megawatts from the work completed in mid 2008 has helped (inaudible) in Salem also supported an increase in nuclear generation during the quarter. Now moving from Power to the Utility, PSE&G is focused on controlling expenses to meet the challenges of a difficult environment as it maintains its high standards for reliability. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities recently approved PSE&G's plan to invest $694 million in electric and gas infrastructure projects over a period of 24 months. This is an acceleration of projects that would have been undertaken over a longer period of time. The program of investment is in response for the government's call for increased capital spending to create jobs while ensuring customers receive safe, reliable service. It is most importantly a demonstration of the strong role PSE&G is willing to play in support of New Jersey's development and economic health. PSE&G is also awaiting approval of its proposed investments in energy efficiency and solar. New Jersey was one of the first states from the nation to endorse energy policy goals supporting a clean and sustainable energy future. This has been demonstrated through the state's participation in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, or as we often refer to it RGGI, as well as release of an Energy Master Plan that calls for a reduction in electric demand, and increased reliance on renewable sources of generation, and a reduction in the level of carbon produced, but this topic is growing important to outside of trends and in the RGGI states as well. Energy and environmental policy are at the forefront of the Obama administration's agenda. We like the way PSEG is positioned. PSEG Power gets the majority of its power from clean-burning nuclear generation. PSE&G is pursuing investments in energy efficiency and solar as I mentioned a moment ago. PSEG Energy Holdings is considering investments in offshore wind and is a partner in the joint venture that would promote the development of wind resources through utilization of compressed air energy storage. We have been active participants in the debate as Congress considers action on bills that could reshape the nation's approach to energy policy. We continue to believe that a national policy on climate change with clear objectives would provide the blueprint for disciplined investment. I am very pleased with the strong results we reported for the first quarter. The focus and dedication of PSEG employees through operational excellence supported these results and allowed me to reaffirm our 2009 operating earnings guidance of $3 to $3.25 per share. The anticipated growth in 2009 earnings also provides the foundation for the 3.1% increase in our common dividend during the first quarter to the current indicated annual rate of $1.33 per share. I can assure you we are all working very hard to create value for our shareholders today and into the future. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Caroline Dorsa. Caroline joined PSEG as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in early April from Merck. As you get to know Caroline better, you will come to fully appreciate why I am able to say we are absolutely delighted she is part of PSEG. So, welcome Caroline.
Caroline Dorsa: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning. It is a pleasure to be part of the PSEG management team, and I look forward to meeting many of you in the coming months. As Ralph has said, PSEG reported first quarter 2009 operating earnings of $0.95 per share versus $0.86 per share in last year's first quarter. I want to remind you that with the reporting of this year's results, our operating earnings exclude the impact of any change in valuation for NDT Fund, as well as other charges related to decommissioning, and any change in the value of transactions that don't qualify for hedge accounting which we often refer to as mark-to-market. We have also adjusted the prior year number to simplify your compares. However, including all of these items, earnings from continuing operations would have been $0.88 per share versus $0.85 per share a year ago. As you can see in slide eight, PSEG Power provides the largest contribution to earnings and represented the improvement in growth for the quarter. Power reported operating earnings of $0.71 per share compared to $0.55 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.24 per share compared to $0.26 per share last year. PSEG Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.01 per share compared with $0.06 a year ago. Parent company related expenses which are primarily interest were unchanged in this quarter with expenses of $0.01 per share, same as a year ago. We have provided you a waterfall chart on slide nine that takes you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by major business. I would now like to turn to each company in some greater detail. First, let's go to PSEG Power. As shown on slide 11, PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.71 per share compared with $0.55 per share a year ago. As you know, the operating environment in the first quarter was very challenging. The quarter was characterized by higher than expected, weather related demand in January only to be followed by more normal weather and a contraction in demand for the full quarter, a low gas price environment, and market volatility. Power's results were strong in this environment given its base load hedge position and the dispatch profile of its generating units. As you will see in a moment, we were able to source a larger percentage of its demand from our low cost nuclear assets and gas displaced coal. Power's results were driven by strong operations and re-contracting, particularly in PJM, as well as lower fuel costs. Higher average prices realized by Power reflect the positive impact of the 2008 BGS contract for $111.50 per megawatt hour which replaced the 2005 auction contract price at $65.41 per megawatt hour for that three-year contract period beginning June 1, 2008. In addition, the re-pricing of a below market, round the clock wholesale contract for 500 megawatt which expired at the end of 2008 also supported the quarter-over-quarter improvement in pricing. As I mentioned, a contraction in economic activity reduced demand in the quarter. However, the improvement in nuclear generation and the availability of low price gas supplies allowed Power to meet its load obligations in a cost effective manner. During the quarter, our combined cycle gas units displaced some generation from our coal facilities. In aggregate, Power's fuel costs declined 22% for the quarter. Slides 13 and 14 provides an overview of our generation mix and fuel cost for the first quarter of 2009 versus the first quarter of 2008, and you can see those dynamics on the slide. Included in Power's first quarter gross margin improvement is income associated with the closing out of positions with counterparties which accelerated the recognition of income which otherwise would have been realized later in the year. This represented $0.03 per share in the quarter and this impact is included in the improvement in first quarter pricing. Power's results were also helped by strong performance from the nuclear fleet. Generation from the nuclear fleet increased 7.6% in the quarter as overall generation declined 4.3%. Power's New Jersey fleet operated at a 99.3% capacity factor during the quarter, and including Power's ownership in Peach Bottom, the fleet operated at a capacity factor of 97.8% % versus 94.1% in the year ago quarter. The performance was aided by 13 fewer outage related days in the first quarter of 2009, and this compares to the 2008 first quarter when Salem 2 was out of service for the replacement of its steam generator, as well as an increase in nuclear capacity from the uprate and turbine replacement at Hope Creek and Salem. We continue to forecast the capacity factor for the nuclear fleet in 2009 of 92%, and for your information, Hope Creek has just returned from a successful refueling outage which began on April 10. The combination of higher prices and lower costs led to a stronger than anticipated improvement in Power's gross margin for the quarter to $63 per megawatt hour from $51 per megawatt hour last year first quarter. Included in this figure is the benefit of the early termination of contracts that I just mentioned, which represented approximately $1 to $2 per megawatt hour of gross margin improvement. Other items which had an influence on Power's quarter include the moderate improvement in our BGSS results for $0.01 per share, and then going the other way, an increase in operation and maintenance expenses driven primarily by pension expense, reduced earnings by $0.02 per share, and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of about $0.01 per share. While we don't forecast a similar improvement in gross margin per megawatt hour during the remainder of the year as we experienced in the first quarter, we are maintaining our forecast improvement in Power's gross margins for the full year to $57 to $58 per megawatt hour from $55 per megawatt hour for the whole year of 2008. Similarly, the improvement in year-over-year pricing is not expected to be as strong as that experienced in the first part of the year. The February 2009 BGS auction contract for $103.72 per megawatt hour is only slightly higher than the 2006 contract for $102.51 per megawatt hour which it replaces on June 1st of this year. Also, margins during the remainder of 2009 should reflect the impact of our higher contracted coal costs as these units are called on to meet summer demand requirements. Also, results for the remainder of the year will not include the income associated with the accelerated contract income recognized in the first quarter. Now, let me take a minute and turn to the other operating companies. First, PSE&G; PSE&G reported operating earnings for the first quarter of 2009 of $0.24 per share compared with $0.26 per share for the first quarter of 2008 as shown on slide 18. The results for the quarter were affected by several factors. First, colder than normal weather increased the demand for gas, degree days were 8.5% higher than the level experienced in 2008's first quarter and 3.3% greater than normal, gas sales increased 3.1% in the quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase in sales was led by a 7.8% increase in sales to the residential sector. The weather related increase in sales contributed $0.03 per share to earnings. Weather adjusted sales continue to be constrained by poor economic conditions. A reduction in the economic activity negatively affected non-firm demand from commercial and industrial customers, reducing earnings by $0.01 per share in the quarter. Electric sales declined 2.1% in the quarter. However, margins were relatively unchanged. Slide 20 provides a good overview of the items that affect the electric and gas margins. As shown, 50% of PSE&G's electric margin and 30% of PSE&G's gas margin is supported by demand charges which are unaffected by changes in volume. Earnings for the quarter were also aided by an increase in transmission revenues which were effective on October 1, 2008 for $0.01 per share. The improvement in earnings from gas and transmissions was offset by higher pension and operating and maintenance expense, $0.01 per share; depreciation expense increased with a higher level of capital spending, also $0.01 per share; earnings comparisons were also affected by the absence of tax benefits recognized in the year ago quarter for $0.02 per share, and miscellaneous items at $0.01 per share. PSE&G is expected to experience a decline in 2009 operating earnings. Demand is expected to remain weak in response to our contracting economy. We have adjusted our forecast of electric sales for the year and we are currently forecasting a 1.5% to 2% reduction in electric sales for the full year compared with our prior forecast of about a 0.5% to 1% decline in sales. However, we continue to forecast that residential customers will consume a similar amount of electricity in 2009 as they did last year, and keep in mind as the pie chart shows, the majority of non-residential electric margin is not volume sensitive. Results will also reflect an increase in pension expense as well as higher levels of depreciation expense associated with the startup of PSE&G's new customer information system and an increase in financing costs. As many of you know, PSE&G recently received approval from the New Jersey BPU for $694 million capital infrastructure program. As a result, PSE&G's capital spending program in 2009 will increase by $190 million. These costs will be recovered through a separately approved tariff which will provide on time recovery. As you can see from the expected spending in 2009, the impact on our current year results will be minimal with most of the benefit coming in 2010. PSE&G continues to await BPU decisions on its energy efficiency and solar proposals. Just a reminder, these proposals are for $198 million and $773 million respectively in additional investment. PSE&G is preparing to file a combined electric and gas rate case by mid-year. The request will address the company's increased level of capital spending and pension related costs. Let's now turn to Energy Holdings. As shown on slide 23, Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.01 per share versus operating earnings of $0.06 per share during the first quarter of 2008. The decline in operating earnings for the quarter was influenced by several factors. First, a reduction in gas prices reduced the profitability of the combined cycle gas assets in Texas, impact of $0.01 per share. As you can see on slide 25, output from the Texas generating units increased by 12.7% over a year ago in what remains a difficult market. Second, earnings were also hurt by a reduction in income on the lease portfolio, $0.02 per share, and third, the absence of tax benefits recorded in 2008 and an increase in taxes hurt earnings by $0.05 per share. These items more than offset a gain of $0.03 per share recorded on the termination of leases during the quarter. Energy Holdings' operating income is expected to decline in 2009. This outlook reflects difficult market conditions in Texas for the gas-fired assets with a decline in power prices and spark spreads year-over-year. The results will also be affected by a full year decline in the return on Resources leverage lease portfolio. These items will more than offset the benefits of a reduction in interest expense associated with the redemption in February of this year of $280 million of non-recourse debt on the Texas assets. Resources has been actively managing its lease portfolio. The termination of leases during the quarter has reduced Resources investment in international leases by approximately $75 million. The termination of leases provides cash for the prepayment of taxes due on termination reducing our exposure. However, the challenge by the IRS regarding the timing of deductions remains outstanding. We have also entered into an agreement for the sale of our remaining investment in India. Based on reserves that we have already taken, we expect that this sale will not result in either a gain or a loss. So, just to sum up for the total business, as Ralph indicated, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2009 of $3 to $3.25 per share. In addition, operating earnings guidance by subsidiary remains unchanged and is provided for you on slide 27. Just a final comment on our financial position. Our financial position remains strong. We had $4 billion of liquidity including cash available at the end of April. Slide 28 provides an update of our credit facility. We closed the first quarter with $1.2 billion in cash. Cash from operations in the first quarter was supported by a positive change in working capital. This results from the normal seasonal drawdown of our natural gas inventory via our BGSS product. In addition, the quarter's cash was bolstered by a better contract margin position, proceeds from the sale of Resources leverage leases, and a release of restricted cash in Texas as a result of the early redemption project debt. For your information, we paid down $250 million of maturing debt at Power the day after the quarter closed on April 1. That concludes my overall remarks. Now, I will turn the phone lines back over to Kathleen and we will be happy to take your questions.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Caroline. Operator, if you can set up the queue for Q&A and indicate to us when you are ready?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: I am not sure I am understanding PSEG Power. It looks like in the first quarter you have pretty much made it all the way to the bottom end of the PSEG Power guidance of $1.210 billion. If I factor in the type of prices or gross margin that you were projecting of $57 to $58 for the remainder of the year, there should be another $70 million or so of gross margin improvement which should take you to the top end of that guidance range. Am I missing something that is a potential offset that would put you at the higher end of that range? Also, given the fact that you are 100% hedged, I am not sure I understand why there is such a wide range to begin with in terms of the low end and the high end.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So, let's just talk a little bit about the dynamics of this quarter related to the dynamics for the full year. As we pointed out, the quarter was unusual given the fact that we were able to displace a lot of our coal with gas, and given the low gas prices, as we noted, you see a dramatic drop in the total cost of fuel and therefore a strong margin. As we come into the warmer weather and into the summer season, what you should expect is those coal units that really were quite reduced for this quarter would come back online and of course you know that the higher price of coal relative to gas would have an impact on our margin going forward. That being said, that is why we are still comfortable with our full year margin, even given the results we saw this quarter were somewhat unusual, but we will go back to putting in coal in the forward period.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: I guess I am using your numbers of $57 to $58 for gross margin on the rest of the year which is still improved from last year's second, third and fourth quarter numbers of $54 and like $56. I guess the only one that is sort of comparable is the third quarter.
Ralph Izzo: Paul, this may help a little bit. Don't forget, when we talk about our hedging, we are talking only about the baseload units. It is actually our nuclear and all of our coal which includes some of the mid-merit coal. So, gas is not sold into just to remain long for some of the peaks and valleys particularly of the summer months, and with lower gas prices, we are seeing spark spreads that are not at the high end of what we have seen in the past. So, I am not following all your arithmetic, but I think the combination what Caroline offered and I offered should help you get to the confidence we feel with the existing range of Power's full year performance.
Kathleen Lally: Thanks Paul. Next question.
Operator: The next question is from Kit Konolige with Soleil. Please proceed with your question.
Kit Konolige - Soleil: Caroline, welcome. You know, you are replacing a former colleague of mine, but you have got to be a better golfer than he was, because that part isn't a problem, so you know. I wanted to get a sense from you guys both at a federal and a state level. It seems to me that you have been talking a lot and are well positioned to grab a lot of these multibillions that are floating around out there for rebuilding infrastructure, and getting green, and building windmills out in two miles of water and all of this stuff. So, that question and then you just got approval from the New Jersey regulators for more work on, if I recall, the gas infrastructure. That is one clear direction that the government wants to go in and that you want to go in and that you are well positioned to go in. Pushing against that, is I assume all the people who get bills from you guys in New Jersey, if they know and which maybe they don't that this could cost money, but I would say more specifically, politically, we are clearly seeing for example the Waxman-Markey bill is getting held up; that is not even getting out of their committee in the House despite strong support at the White House level.
Caroline Dorsa: I think you have got five questions in one very long sentence.
Kit Konolige - Soleil: It is a long, but I guess what I am asking is what is realistic for us to think that where you guys can get some upside, I assume a lot of this would be in the regulated business.
Ralph Izzo: So, Kit I will take a try at those few questions. So, in terms of the regulated business, you are right. We do think that there is a high probability that we will get approval of our additional request for $190 million in energy efficiency which should reduce customer bill.
Kit Konolige - Soleil: Right.
Ralph Izzo: As well as our $700 million in solar for all, which will increase customer bill. Recognize that that is about 120 megawatts of electricity on a service territory that has about a 12,000 megawatt peak. So, in terms of the overall customer impact, it is pennies per month when you amortize this over the course of the investment. The policy assumption is that while you are paying a lot per kilowatt hour in the near-term, you aren't producing many kilowatt hours, and therefore the overall bill impact is small but you are helping to grow an industry which with advances in technology will reduce the cost per kilowatt hour as it contributes more kilowatt hours. New Jersey has demonstrated a willingness to pay $3.50 per ton of carbon through RGGI, to pay $677 per S-REC in the form of an Energy Master Plan and all of that is already baked into the rate. So, what you will see is as the contribution grows and the cost declines, some trade-offs of rate impacts to customers. On the federal side, we are going to pursue stimulus funds in a couple of areas. I don't think we have released that information, but those will not have significant earnings impacts but will help us in some of the areas that we have talked about in particular in our compressed-air energy storage systems and in our offshore wind projects. I continue to testify and the energy industry continues to rally behind getting a national climate change bill approved so that we can get some certainty before the industry and therefore some clearer path as to how we want to invest shareholder dollars going forward.
Kit Konolige - Soleil: Can I just follow with that? This is a very short, simple question, but it does go back to the [actually a] market question which is your RGGI is $3. Pelosi and those guys were talking about $20 and $30 a megawatt hour in 2012, but that doesn't appear like that is in the cards right at the moment. Can you give us some sense; obviously, you can't predict what is going to happen and when, but give us an idea of what you think a reasonable investor would be thinking about in terms of you guys benefit from high market prices which would be driven by CO2 costs, right? So, when can we expect something higher than $3? Let me ask that.
Ralph Izzo: So, Kit, RGGI is about, as I said $3.50 per ton of carbon, and that is driven by the fact that the RGGI allowances that are being auctioned off today exceed the demand for RGGI allowances and the fact that there is anything above the reservation price is really attributed to the bank ability, if you will, if I could just create a verb, bank ability of those allowances going forward. I can tell you this, that in the President's 10-year budget, based upon his aggregate numbers for what he expects to achieve in terms of auctioning of federal allowances and given how much we emit per year, that his administration apparently is counting on price of about $15 to $20 per ton, but that is based upon a 14% reduction in CO2 emissions from the 2005 level by 2020. As you know, Waxman and Markey are talking about a 20% reduction, so compared to the present 14% reduction by 2020. So, that is safe to assume that that would produce something north of $20 per ton, and you are right, that as for as many analyses that have been published, there is a wide dispersion in estimates. So, if you are going to peg me to a number, I will guess $25 a ton, but it is truly a guess and I would refer you to EPA studies and various other studies.
Kit Konolige - Soleil: I know the studies. I think it is more important to know what the Democratic Senators from Michigan and so on are going to do. Would you agree with that?
Ralph Izzo: I do think that there is a set of more moderate, middle of the road members of the House and Senate who will determine whether or not we see legislation this year. I agree with you.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Kit. Operator, the next question.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Goldenberg with Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Congrats on an excellent quarter. I will keep my questions short. The mark-to-market NDT losses or gains, should we assume that tax rate on these is always the standard mid-30s rate when we try to back out that of other expenses and income?
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, you should assume generally that rate applies.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay and then my only other question, wanted to get an update, I am sorry, I missed maybe you touched upon it in the discussion. What is the latest on the issue with the IRS?
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Relative to the issue, if you are talking about LILO and SILO with the IRS.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Right, yes.
Caroline Dorsa: So, there has been no update in terms of any of our activities with the IRS. If you look at some of the cases that are out there, the ConEd case, there has been no decision on that either. So, there is really nothing new on the IRS side. What I would point out though as we talked about in the opening remarks is we continue economically to actively manage the lease portfolio and to we terminated some leases this quarter, we continue to look at that as economic transactions, and to the extent that those leases are terminated, we essentially cut off the net cash exposure with the IRS as we pay those taxes. It doesn't handle those issues that go backwards in terms of the interest. That is still at issue with the IRS, but we think we have the right approach which is to manage these leases as we go forward actively, appropriately and then deal with the issues relative to the IRS as they come, but there is no specific IRS update at this time.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Just to confirm, I think about a year ago, you said that you were going to make $900 million in payments over three years in lieu of that, of actual cash payments. Are you still planning to do that or have you decided maybe to hold onto the cash if the situation is looking better?
Kathleen Lally: Michael, it is Kathleen Lally. The number remains the same, but when we pay and how much we pay depends on getting notice from the IRS and that has not happened. We are still planning or potentially having to make a sizable payment to the IRS during the second half of this year that could be in excess of $500 million.
Caroline Dorsa: Again, nothing has been defined at this point.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay, cool. All righty. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: First of all, you are saying now that your coal output is 100% hedged and I just wondered is it related to the fact that you are now projecting a lower output and so for your projected output, you are just fully hedged or did you add additional hedges?
Ralph Izzo: Angie, we typically in the current year strive to hedged 100% of our nuclear and coal. So, there is nothing unique about that. That is consistent with the way we have operated those units and managed the portfolio in the past. Also, what we have seen is that there has been a reduction in BGS demand. So, combined with the economics of coal, we have seen just a lessening of the output of those units.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Secondly, that is going to be probably related to your IRS settlement and I understand that the potential payment is coming, but your cash position has improved so dramatically. Should we have hopes for potential share buybacks?
Caroline Dorsa: This is Caroline. I will take that question, Angie. Thank you. So, you are right. We had a good cash result for this quarter, but a couple of dynamics to keep in mind in that regard. First of all, the cash position and the cash benefit that we get in the first quarter is typically the strongest because of that roll off of the gas inventory as we sell through under BGSS. So, you are normally are going to see the strongest cash flow from ops in the first quarter of any of our quarters of the year. The other things that I mentioned that affected cash during this particular quarter release of restricted funds, collateral margin, think of those things as a little more onetime in nature in addition to termination of leases. So, when we look at the total cash flow, we are very pleased with the cash for the quarter. We were using it to do things like pay down debt as I mentioned as we did on April 1 and given all of those dynamics and of course the uncertainties we see in the market at this point, we don't see treasury stock as something that we will be doing share buyback in the current period, just given all the uncertainties in the market. We do have obviously $658 million left in the remaining authorization, but given the markets as we see it now and the good uses that we see for our cash to reinvest in the business for shareholder returns, some of the things that we talked about at the utility that we filed for, we don't see share buyback right now.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay and the last question. Could you give us any color or any comments about your expectation about demand, response, resources for the upcoming RPM auction?
Ralph Izzo: Angie, we don't typically comment on what we think will fill in the various components of the RPM auction. As you know, the auction begins today. Final bids are due by the end of the week and we will all hear the results of that in just a week from Friday. So, rather than conjecture what it might look like in 10 days, we will know exactly what it looks like.
Operator: The next question is from Vedula Murti with CDP US.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: My question, I want to make sure I understand and it has to do with the pricing of RGGI. It is like $3.50 versus what people are talking about at $15 to $20 a ton in terms of CO2. I know you touched on it briefly into an earlier conversation, but if you can explain at least from your perspective what accounts for that significant difference? Then I would assume that if there is some federal standards or program put in place that that would then supersede RGGI and then that regime would then be put in place? Can you talk a little bit about that difference?
Ralph Izzo: Absolutely, and I will keep it very high level. If you want more detail, just let me know. So, if you think about the price for an allowance, it is set by the supply of allowances versus the demand for those allowances and the RGGI states basically took a four or five-year average of emissions and set the cap above that level until the year, I believe it is 2014, at which point it begins to then decline. So, right now, the number of allowances that the RGGI states are making available to emitters of carbon exceed the number of tons of carbon that people are emitting. So, the only reason why those allowances are worth anything other than zero is because people believe that they can bank them and use them in the future when the amount of emissions exceed the amount of allowances either because of pickup in the economy or because the cap begins to come down
Vedula Murti - CDP US: There is no expiration on an allowance to bank?
Ralph Izzo: I want to say that there is a five-year expiration. There is no expiration going forward. There is a limitation on how much you can buy forward to use today. So, I don't believe that there is any limitation of what you can use going forward. So, that is a separate system and a separate regulatory regime. In the RGGI MoUs that were signed by the 10 states, there is language that says is there is a federal program that is more stringent than RGGI, then it is anticipated that RGGI will go away and the federal program that is being discussed today really falls into a range and that is truly being discussed in terms of legislative circles. It is not enacted and it ranges from the President's expectation of 14% emission reductions, quite a bit more sizable by 2020 over the 2005 levels to what is in the Waxman-Markey bill which is the primary vehicle being discussed in Congress right now which has a 20% reduction in CO2 emissions by 2020. So, because of the more stringent cap, the greater amount of reduction, the expectations are that since you lower the supply of the emissions credits that the price for them will be higher than what you are seeing in RGGI.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: RGGI contemplates what type of reduction versus the 14 and the 20 you referenced?
Ralph Izzo: The 2.5% reduction beginning in 2014, so it would be about 10% reduction.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Okay. So, RGGI is 10% and the other ones are 14 and 20. Good, we want apples-to-apples. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from David Frank with Catapult.
David Frank - Catapult: Ralph, you said at the analyst day presentation not long ago that while you did not want to give specific guidance beyond '09, you did say consensus for 2009 looked a little too low and a little too high for 2010. Is that statement still accurate?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, and I am absolutely delighted that people heard us and refreshed their numbers and everything worked the way we were trying to signal. So, there are a couple of folks out there who I think are still maybe joined to refresh their gas numbers, but we were quite pleased that we were speaking English and people heard us in English and it all worked out well.
David Frank - Catapult: Then Ralph, in the press release this morning you talked about a challenging market and you cited weak power prices, softening demand, but over the next couple of years, the company has seemed to insulate itself very well given that you have gone out and you have done a very good job in hedging the output from your generation fleet at prices that are well above the current prices or even the forward market prices. I am however wondering what steps if any can you take or are you taking to keep 2010 from being sort of a peakish earnings year?
Ralph Izzo: David, as I mentioned at the investor conference, we have a habit and we has a polite way of including us and others in the industry of taking the forward price curve from this morning and taking the forward price curve of this afternoon and forecasting it forward for the next 10 years. What we are doing is what we have done before. As a BGS, which accounts for about half of our baseload capacity is a six-year blend of prices and that is a very good thing given the types of earnings volatility we would have otherwise seen if it had been just all in one year at any point time. We are making, as Caroline pointed out, some smart investments in climate change and aging infrastructure at the utility with on time almost real-time returns coming from that. We have a base rate case that we will be filing in a couple months. We will be bidding 150 to 300 megawatts of additional peaking capacity in the RPM auction. So, we have a variety of good investment opportunities that and that doesn't say anything about some of the other things that are going on and Holdings that I think will help us continue to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders. Now, we don't control the economy and we don't control gas prices, but we are not sitting back and just letting it happen to us.
David Frank - Catapult: That sounds good. Thanks Ralph.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Ms. Dorsa, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you. Thanks Caroline, thanks Kathleen, and thank you all for joining us today. We hope you do agree that our first quarter results, support the things we highlighted in that March conference that we first of all live up to our commitments, we are delivering value today and we are well positioned for the future, but that future, given the problems in the economy will rely on the talents and efforts of our employees to focus on cost control while we wait for markets recover and they will recover. Similarly, those employees have never let us down. So, thank you for being with us today. We will see you at various conferences and on our next call.
Kathleen Lally: Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may now disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated, Public Service Electric and Gas Company, PSEG Services Corporation
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equity
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Susan and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, February 03, 2009 and will be available for telephone replay, beginning at 2 PM Eastern Standard Time today until 2 PM Eastern Standard Time on February 10, 2009. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone. Thank you for participating in our call today. As you are aware we released our fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings statement earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com under the Investor section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2008 is expected to be filed later this month. I am not going to read the full disclaimer statement or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But I do ask that you read all of these comments contained in our slides and on our website. The disclaimer statement with regards forward-looking statements, detailing the risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. We also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net income reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of metrics to help our shareholders understand performance trends. I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call is Tom O'Flynn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen and thank you everyone for joining us today on the call. Earlier this morning, we reported operating earrings for the fourth quarter of $0.49 per share compared to $0.53 a year-ago. The results for the quarter brought operating earnings for 2008 to $2.92 per share and this is to be compared to $2.72 per share earned in 2007. Our 2008 operating earnings fell right in the middle of the $2.80 to $3.05 per share range for guidance, which we established over a year ago. We were able to overcome the impact on earnings from a decline in the value of our Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund of $0.10 per share in the fourth quarter and $0.14 per share for the year. This is to be compared to a $0.02 gain in 2007 amounting to a negative $0.16 per share swing. This was partially offset by a positive $0.01 swing in mark-to-market. We've also maintained our focus on operational excellence. There was evidence of this throughout the company. PSEG Power had a record year for generation. PSE&G, the Utility maintained its top decile reliability standard and PSEG Energy Holdings sold the last of its major international assets at very strong valuation. This operational excellence underpins our financial result. We have improved the strength of our balance sheet using proceeds from the sale of our major international assets to reduce debt and we are committing capital in areas that maintain reliability and advance the State's energy master plan goal. We also reduced our financial risk by establishing a reserve for a significant percentage of our potential LILO/SILO tax related risks. Turning our attention from the past and looking to the future, the policy issues shaping our industry have not changed over the past year, the need to meet customer's expectations of our infrastructure and to enter the challenge of climate change in an economic way remain ever present realities. We are also facing the challenge of a greater than anticipated economic contraction. We are aggressively responding to these challenges. First we have initiated a series of actions to reduce our cost structure. Second we have responded to Governor Corzine's call for the utility industry to invigorate the economy by proposing to spend $888 million on capital infrastructure and energy efficiency programs over a two-year period. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities at year-end 2008 approved our proposal to invest $46 million on energy efficiency programs targeted at underserved urban markets. Our current proposals with regulatory support will expand on that effort, advancing the State's energy policy goal and help jumpstart the economy through the creation of jobs. However, we will not undertake these initiatives absent rate recovery as envisioned in the filling. That is to say, free of regulatory lag and at a return fully reflecting our cost to capital. The utility is also working on other programs to meet the State's energy master plan goal and other filings may follow-up. We indicated to you on our third quarter earnings call of 2008, that we were expecting operating earnings for 2009 to come in at the lower half of our previously stated range of $3.05 to $3.35 per share, this remains the case. Our adjusted range of $3.30 to $3.25 per share aligns guidance with this expectation. We have resolved our Indonesian coal contract issues and we expect to experience an increase in our pension expense that is higher than has been forecast in the fall. So with the commitment of management and the support of our employees to control costs, we will succeed in these difficult times and meet the earnings objectives we've established. These are challenging times, but they are also exciting times for PSEG. We are financially strong and we are well positioned to address the issues facing the industry. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Ralph. Good morning all. As Ralph said, PSEG reported operating earnings for fourth quarter of $0.49 per share versus operating earnings of $0.53 per share in last year's fourth quarter. As you can see in slide nine, PSEG Power provides the largest percentage of our earnings. Power reported operating earnings of $0.40 per share, flat with last year's results. PSE&G's operating results were also flat against the prior year at $0.15 per share. PSEG Energy Holdings reported a loss of $0.04 per share versus operating earnings of $0.02 per share in the prior year. The reduction in debt at the parent level in 2007 reduced parent company expenses in the quarter to $0.02 per share, versus $0.04 a year ago. We provide you with a waterfall chart on slide 11, taking you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings for each subsidiary. I will now go through each one in more detail. As I said, Power had operating earnings in the fourth quarter of $0.40 per share, consistent with that a year ago. Power's results were aided by higher prices which added $0.07 per share to Power's quarter-over-quarter earnings, the decline in operating and maintenance expense added $0.03 per share to earnings. These improvements were offset by the turmoil in the markets resulting in a decline in the value of Power's NDT fund of $0.10 per share. Very strong performance with both the nuclear and fossil fleets drove a record amount of generation in 2008. Power's New Jersey nuclear fleet operated at a capacity factor of 89.6% for the fourth quarter, resulting in a full year capacity factor of 90.6%. Including Power's interest in Peach Bottom, the fleet operated at a capacity factor of 91.3% for the quarter and 92.6% for the full year. Performance in the quarter was partially aided by the timing of refueling outages. Power's 100% Hope Creek nuclear facility operated at its full capacity rating during the 2008 fourth quarter and for the full year, compared to a 57.3% capacity factor during the year ago quarter when Hope Creek experienced a 33 day refueling outage. Generation from our coal fleet declined in the fourth quarter, as shown on slide 16. Total output was affected by a planned outage at the Mercer station to tie in the back-end technology of the unit. We're pleased that this phase of the project was completed on time, on budget and we continue to meet all milestones related to our environmental consent degree. We negotiated the settlement and contractual issues with our Indonesian coal supplier. As you recall, we contracted for an annual amount of 2.7 million tones of coal a year from Indonesia to meet the requirements of our Hudson and Bridgeport Stations. The renegotiated agreement results in pricing more reflective of market levels and also provides for greater supply flexibility. Installation of back-end technology at Hudson in 2010 should provide us with greater flexibility on our coal supply requirements at that station. We provide you with a breakdown of Power's fuel related cost structure for the fourth quarter and for 2008 on slide 17. As a result of the settlement and market conditions in general, we expect the cost of coal to the increase in 2009 by 25 to 27%. On slide 18, you can see that the increase in pricing and volume in 2008 supported a 10% improvement in Power's gross margin to $55 per megawatt hour. This margin increase was accompanied by 4% increase in total output, much of which came from higher combined cycle utilization, which obviously generates lower margin per megawatt hour. We forecast a further improvement in Power's gross margin of 3 to 5% during 2009. Power's gross margin in 09 will be aided by an increase in generation, including a full year production from the nuclear power upgrades and the roll-off of an under market contract. Our forecast of Power's gross margin in 2009 also reflects an increase in production from our combined cycle fleet, which as I just mentioned operates at lower margins than the average of our low-cost generation fleet. Now moving on to PSE&G. Our utility reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.15 per share, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2007. Results for the quarter were aided by colder than normal weather which added a $0.01 per share earned. This offset the impact of the decline in the economy on gas and electric sales. Earnings comparisons in the quarter also benefited from PSE&G's ability to tailor its workload to match the changes in operating conditions. The decline in operating maintenance expense added $0.04 per share to earnings, offsetting an increase in depreciation and taxes of the same amount. The economy weakened greater than expected in the fourth quarter. Electric sales to our two primary market segments, residential and commercial customers declined 3.8% in the fourth quarter resulting in 1.3% decline in electric sales to these two segments for 2008. Despite the challenging economic environment we have not experienced a large increase in our accounts receivable balance. But there is growth as a percent of longer date receivables. To offset this we increased customer outreach efforts as well as actively participated at the Federal and State levels to get our customers help with their utility bills. We have increased our allowance for doubtful accounts to cover the potential for account write-offs that could occur as a result of the economy's decline. PSE&G recently filed two proposals with the BPU, which called for spending on capital infrastructural projects, 698 million and energy efficiency programs of 190 million over a two-year period beginning April 1 of 2009. The proposals are based on a 51% equity ratio and a 10.3% return on equity. And as Ralph said, we provide for a timely recovery of our capital. PSE&G is expected to experience a decline in operating earnings in 2009, despite the modest benefit that could improve from regulatory approval of the capital infrastructure spending proposal. PSE&G's 09 operating earnings could be negatively impacted by an increase in pension expense as well as the expenses associated with the start-off of the company's new customer information system, iPower. PSE&G is planning to file a combine electric and gas rate case, later this year. It will take in the consideration higher cost, including pension expense as well as significant incremental capital investment. The 2009 earnings forecast assumes to return on equity for state jurisdictional assets decline to approximately 8.5 to 9%. Lastly let's move on energy holdings. Energy Holdings reported an operated earnings loss of $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter compared to operating earnings of $0.02 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Earnings for PSE&G in the fourth quarter were affected by market-to-market losses of $0.5 per share and higher operating maintenance expenses at the Texas generating station of $0.2 per share. Earnings comparisons were also impacted by the absence of earnings from international assets sold late in 2007, representing $0.3 per share as well as the decline in the return on a leverage lease portfolio of $0.2 per share. These items more than offset a decline in interest expense for pension share. Holdings expects to operate at close to a breakeven or modest positive level in 2009. Results will be influenced by a full year decline in income on the leveraged lease portfolio. The subsidiary's 2000 megawatts of gas fired Texas generating assets are also expected to be negatively affected by a forecast decline in natural gas prices versus very high prices in the first half of 2008, as well as the decline in availability and an increase in O&M expenses. Pension expense, slide 29 depicts the change in our forecast of 2009 pension expense verses our 2008 pension expense. We estimate our pension expense in 09 will increase $0.15 per share over 2008 expense, due to the decline in the market value for our pension assets. This year-over-year increase in pension expense also widened from our third quarter earnings update. A decline in interest rates used to calculate pension obligation at year-end has resulted in a higher than forecast increase in pension expenses of $0.06 per share as compared with a levels we discussed in our third quarter call. Our estimate assumes approximately 62% of PSEG's pension expense; pre capitalization is allocated to PSE&G. We would expect an appropriate cost to service adjustments following our rate case. As Ralph indicated, we forecast an increase in operating earnings for 2009 to $3 to $3.25 per share. The forecast for operating earnings by subsidiary company is provided for you on slide 30. Beginning with our results for the first quarter of 2009, we intend to remove the financial impact of the Nuclear Decommissioning Trust either positive or negative as well as mark-to-market changes from our calculation of operating earnings. We believe this more accurately depicts the basic drivers of our earnings and is consistent with how many of our piers report operating earnings. PSEG has worked hard to build its firm balance sheet. The sale of our major international assets as well as an increase in cash flow has allowed us to reduce debt. We lowered the debt levels at Holdings by more than 600 million in 2008. We closed out the year with 323 million in cash in our balance sheet and 3.5 billion of liquidity. PSE&G and PSEG Power have both demonstrated their ability to access the capital markets. PSE&G sold 275 million of medium term notes in November at a cost of approximately 6.3%. Power recently launched a 500 million retail medium term note program. This program offers Power an alternative source of funding at attractive levels. Power has sold slightly more than 200 million of the notes in the first two weeks of the offering with an all in cost of borrowing of approximately 6.5%. This program and the cash on hand provide meaningful financial flexibility at a time when the credit markets remain substantially closed. PSEG is focused on maintaining a strong operating performance and investing in a disciplined manner. The economic environment we face is challenging, and we expect to meet our commitments. We look forward to seeing many of you at our annual conference for the financial community on March 18. As we have in the past, we will discuss the strategic drivers of our business as well as the specific market and cost factors that influence each of our businesses. Given the uncertain economic conditions involved for commodity markets we currently face with, we do not plan to issue specific 2010 guidance until the second half of this year. Lastly on the common dividend as we stated in our press release, the dates for the Board of Directors to declare the common dividend for 2009 have been adjusted to reflect a change in their meeting schedule. The next regularly scheduled meeting for the Board of Directors is February 17, 2009. The dividend declared on that date will be payable on or before March 31, 2009 to shareholders of record as of March 10. With that operator, we'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning, Paul.
Thomas O'Flynn: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just, circle back you. What was the mark-to-market benefit for the year?
Thomas O'Flynn: It's on the attachment, but it was $0.03.
Ralph Izzo: $0.03.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay $0.03. I mean I am not talking year-over-year, just talking about what it actually constituted?
Thomas O'Flynn: The absolute number is on attachments.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And that was $0.03?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So,
Thomas O'Flynn: $0.03 all of Power, Holdings was flat.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then we have about $0.14 if I recall that correctly, for the Nuclear Decommissioning trust fund?
Thomas O'Flynn: Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So, just with the changes in terms of reporting operating earnings and excluding those two factors we've got about $0.11 benefit, is that correct?
Thomas O'Flynn: That's right.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. As we discussed that will be a pro forma treatment for 2009 if we get that for 2008, it would $0.11 increase.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just what's the ROE for the PSE&G Power expected to be in 2009? I mean not Power sorry, the utility?
Thomas O'Flynn: For the said average, we are saying about 8.5% - 9%. If you looked it up a little bit transmission does better.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So 8.5 on the distribution side, that you got...
Thomas O'Flynn: 8.5 to 9 for the state jurisdictional losses which is about 85% of the asset base.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Thomas O'Flynn: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with Jeffries.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. In your 2008 presentation you indicated that you would expect 8 to 9% growth from 2008 to 2009 and also I think from 2009 to 2010. Is this assumption still reasonable or if not, which number should we look at?
Ralph Izzo: I think when we did that, that was during a materially different point in the economic and commodity cycle. And clearly in especially Power, much of the long-term growth is a function of longer term economic growth in commodity cycles. So, at this point those will be difficult numbers to meet in this type of environment. And I think in terms of longer term growth rates, as I said in this type of environment, it's difficult to forecast out two or three years in that way. And our March conference will lay out the driver's utility and for Power they said from market and from a cost standpoint and allow folks to look at various scenarios that could impact our growth.
Thomas O'Flynn: If I guess, do the arithmetic 7 to 8 to 9 and we'll give greater clarity of intent at the end of 09.
Unidentified Analyst: So basically but I should assume there is another there is going to be 10 versus 9 lower then 8 to 9%?
Ralph Izzo: Take a look at the weights so that,.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, take a look at weight, yeah.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Goldenberg, Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Hi Michael.
Thomas O'Flynn: Hi, Michael.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: I wanted a follow-up on this NDT issue, just unclear that the line that resulted in $80 million loss in 2008 would be excluded completely from 2009 whether it is positive or negative?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, it will be excluded from our operating earnings, correct.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay. And so I understand further do you have any projections at this time similar to pension because obviously you know this correlation between there is some drivers. Do know what you expected the 2009 NDT fund activities to be?
Ralph Izzo: In normal markets, I think our planning expectation is a normal market for 2009. The expenses of the NDT and income from NDT are basically a wash. So, it's basically planned for zero. And if you look at what it was on the attachment 13, if you look back to 2007, if you call that a more normal market, we could add a couple of cents
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay.
Ralph Izzo: From the NDT and that starts certainly where it's been. It's been a couple of cents here, couple of cents there.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: I understand would you characterize this as a normal market, I guess if what most economists are saying about 2009, were to be true would the number be significantly lower or would it still be, what about flat?
Ralph Izzo: You maybe in a better position to predict the market. I'm certainly not going to give that one a shot. But obviously the assets are about half debt, half equity, the salient (ph) value during the year that what caused $0.14. And so if the market return normal kinds of level and I give assumption, I think the planning assumption is somewhere in the mid sixes for that with respect to assets that they return those kinds of levels then income and costs are basically.
Thomas O'Flynn: But what we got that its really just stepping back on the Pro forma in out the NDT, I think obscures the fundamental drivers of our business as well as mark-to-market. Mark-to-market was only $0.03 this year as a positive, but you think of it drop year and there is a table back here on attachment 12, remember that we talked in the middle of the year. The Power had some benefits that we expected to largely reverse during the year. So, we feel it's more straightforward just to take both of those out of our operating earnings as we present them to you. They will obviously, still be there in the financials.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Got and just one final question I understand you will lay out most drivers, in March presentation but can you just give us a glimpse on PSE&G side, what are you expecting for electric sales both residential and commercial, industrial and gas commercial and industrials, can you speak what you expect for 2009?
Ralph Izzo: We're assuming a much lower than historic growth rate, it's between 0 and 0.5%. Michael?
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: But you are assuming either flat to positive for both electric and gas and overall. I guess in overall megawatt hour sales growth?
Ralph Izzo: That's correct.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Clozenski with McLaurie Capital (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Just about Michael's question. What was the weather impact on electric sales in the fourth quarter in 08, it seems like the sales were sharply down, seems like heating degree (ph) base were actually up for the quarter.
Ralph Izzo: Angie in the quarter, we have THI hours were 8.5% below 07
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fine.
Ralph Izzo: You should realize though the THI was almost from the fourth quarter, right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Now how you going to manage the PSEG's planned lower expenses because it seems like in the fourth quarter of 08 you expected to have between 10 and 15 million loss. Now it turns out we got 24 million. Now you are guiding to anywhere between zero and 10 million. How you're going to manage that?
Thomas O'Flynn: You are referring to the repayment expenses?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, the repayment expenses, have come down over the last two years as largely function of debt retirements.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay
Thomas O'Flynn: We've had some debt impairment earlier in 2007...
Unidentified Analyst: I want to... (ph) the third quarter guidance for 08 was just assuming expenses anywhere between 10 and 15 and we ended up with 24? So my question is basically what kind of cost cutting measures you are going to...
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, I think the biggest piece in there was a meaningful contribution we made to the PSEG foundation. We tend to make that in lumpsum and the foundation spends over a period of time.
Unidentified Analyst: So, there year-over-year difference is the lack of this contribution?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah and there was a one time, we tend to do that on a discreet basis, PSEG for facts makes the contribution to the foundation. The foundation is then the fiduciary to make contributions, to support the community in a number of good ways.
Ralph Izzo: And that's their contribution it's safe to say it was higher than we were do...
Thomas O'Flynn: Higher than normal, we don't have a contribution budgeted for 09 or for 0'10 at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And now energy holdings; so you are pretty much assuming flat or breakeven earnings or a lack of them. Why is that, is that because you don't have any hedges for your gas assets and that 2008 numbers were impacted by the weather or what's the... I understand the divestitures of asset but how about the factors you're assuming in your contribution now?
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, I'd like to think... the largest earning asset in Holdings is clearly 2000 max generation from Texas. Those assets had a very good year in 2008 especially the end of the second quarter when temperatures were quite hot. So EBITDA down in Texas was about $145 million for the two plants, for 2008, went into 2008 with a forecast of about 100, maybe 110, something like that. So that's the second quarter that really, materially helped that. As we look it from 2009, spreads have come off and we are facing some curtailment at our plant in the West or gas curtailments (ph) due to the win. So the capacity factor up there is probably 25 to 30% something in that range. So net-net embedded in that zero to 20 number for holding is an EBITDA number for 2009 in Texas of about 85 million. So it's materially lower than last year. We have found, to be honest, Texas is a tough market to predict. And as we look back we've been quite surprised in Texas for last few years. But that being said as we see it now 85 EBITDA seems like a reasonable number based on the floor it covers. The other piece of that is the virtually all the international assets were sold, and we have $25 million left internationally, something in that range. So, everything has been sold, good prices, good value cash redeployed. And then resources is basically at zero or slightly negative income, as we took our large impairment last summer.
Unidentified Analyst: And the last question I promise. You previously you didn't disclose segmental guidance. Now looking at PSEG Power number for 09, how should we think of it, I know that you cannot comment about the BGS auction but is it somehow reflective of what you guys seeing from the auction, be it the range, is it something that you feel is achievable through the auction?
Ralph Izzo: I just the BGS auction is going on. We obviously are not going to comment on that anyway. But yes as we talked about our view for 2009, keep in mind we are largely hedged for 2009 but we can give some modest piece open. But, this is the type of business in general is reflect of general market conditions, gas, power, et cetera. And the BGS is also obviously a function of those same markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe I will ask, are you assuming that there is going to be a risk premium embedded than BGS auction or not?
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I think I got it we got a stake just because it's following on as we speak. So, we're going to refrain from any comment of what so ever in the BGS.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next follow-up question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi guys. I was wondering if you could just get us a little bit more of if it's possible when you think we might get the BPS released the results from the BGS auction?
Ralph Izzo: Paul, the BGS auction has ranged in the past from two days to nine days. We're really just... Angie tried and now you're trying. We are just going to stay clear classification, okay.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then just make sure I understand whether adjusted what was the electric sales growth in 2008 assuming normal weather, what do you guys estimate sales would have done?
Thomas O'Flynn: First of all, attachments 9 and 10 give you non weather adjusted.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Yes, I am looking at them right now.
Ralph Izzo: And at the risk of sounding like a broken record, you all know that weather adjustments are as much art as they are science.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Sure
Ralph Izzo: But we think, that would have been about 1.5% down both electric and gas weather adjusted. But when you have THI hours off 8.5% and degree days off by 3.1%, slight inaccuracy may need be factored into that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay sure. And then just on industrial, the deep decline in the quarter. What was causing that again? Was there a particular customer that, I mean it just seems like a very large number.
Ralph Izzo: There was a particular cogent who had reduced operation during the period.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, even on the Texas part?
Ralph Izzo: It's a small percentage of our units, it's about 12% of our units with the, it's a much smaller percentage by margin.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then the Texas generation, it was discussion of higher O&M and lower availability in the news release? Could you give us the sense of to what the outlook for those two issues are on the Texas?
Ralph Izzo: Yes, the big Texas lumpiness of outages, we tend to have outages come about every two, three years depending upon number of starts and the general expense of those. So it's not a dig of the long-term issue, just a lumpiness of outages. Though as we look at the forward market, we do see gas coming down. These are efficient gas plants so if gas comes down the spark margin on dollar basis gets compressed. On the curtailment issues Paul as what I mentioned in the West, if the wind in the west it impacts with gas flow, two issues that may help us longer term is cross multiplication of transmission in shorter term we're bidding some of those megawatts out to different power pole to see in a competitive process so will see how we that,
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Now, we know going to have a meeting coming up there lot more information there but just in terms of this Indonesian contract that had to be negotiated and sort of few expectations going forward for 09, 10. Do we have any flavor there is to what you guys given all the dynamics that are happening in the market and try to get to wind up with contract in anything?
Thomas O'Flynn: Well we think good shape for 09 we do have some we would try to add for this package and will keep it going in the future is some more detail on historical fuel prices. So we have broken out gas, coal, nuclear, 07, 08 give you generation hours so you can really give some cross multiplication and get the fuel price from megawatt hour. You did say that coal in general got 25 to 27% from 08 to 09. The Indonesian issue, we generally settled it and the overall cost impact walk you through is about $0.07 a share.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas O'Flynn: Year-over-year, that's I think when we talked about it worst case gone back to November if you kind to cut through it all this is the worst case was higher than that was about $0.10 per share. End of the day we settled it through combination of things; one, prices came down a little bit; we talked about pricing being in the high 60s and are around sixty. We did move up towards market. We take it some benefit for some prior coal that had not yet been delivered so that gives us benefits and we will probably buy some less lower and lower amounts. So, net-net post to 08 going that $0.07 for that coal.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). You have a follow-up question from Michael Goldenberg with Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Hi, my questions actually been answered. The only thing is just unclear, I know you stayed that from answering any sort of BGS option question but is the option still going on or has it ended we are just waiting for the results?
Ralph Izzo: It's Kathleen's turn to say no comments.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: You can even say whether it's still going on, okay. No problem, thank you very much.
Kathleen Lally: Any other questions operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with Wachovia.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning.
Ralph Izzo: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you guys give an update on your hedging positions over the next couple of years for Power's output?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, it's generally consistent. We update it on a regular basis, I think the last slide on the web. We had up from the mid-December but this year we're largely, we could say out sold for our coal and nuclear for 2009, that would leave our gas open, next year called coal and nuclear is about half and then 11 its about a quarter and 12 it's about 10%. We got the nuclear, we show to the amount of megawatts but they generate a higher portion of our margin, obviously the lower margin cost units. The only comment I'll say is that we have historically used BGS auction to lag forward if you will in our hedging profile. To the extent this older BGS expires and we're successful in new BGS. No comments on standing likelihood price. But historically we have used new BGS options to add incremental tender to our portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). You have a follow-up question from Angie Clozenski with McLaurie Capital (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I promise it's not going to be about the BGS auction. This time (ph) however, we're seeing some dramatic reductions in deliveries of coal to the North seas over the last, especially month and a half. And given where gas prices are, I was just wondering if you are guys seeing already fuel switching for basically high utilization of gas plants and lower of coal plants. And do you think that it can impact you, and I know that most of your coal plants are already hedged. But is there a possibility that you can operate your gas plants more?
Ralph Izzo: We're not there yet in terms of something we're looking at. But we are not there yet we will have to see gas comedown a little more for it to make sense. We also need to be sensitive that, these are older facilities. And, they can't... we need to take into considerations moratorium on machines you go back and forth. But it's something we're looking at. It's hard for me comment on how or whether other folks are doing it but at least our facilities such as Mercer and in Bridgeport we're not at that point yet and Keith Town (ph) has very price coal, so it does need to get to that point.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equity.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equity: Question generally about how you are seeing environmental legislation come together in Washington both on the RPS and carbon?
Ralph Izzo: Nathan, this is Ralph. Well we will be testifying next week actually in support of a national RPS. I think I am reading the same comments you are reading that Mr. Buchanan (ph) is pretty aggressive and eager to move on climate change legislation this year. With all due respect we've heard those comments now for probably three years from various members of the House leadership. I do think in general that the mode in Washington is very aggressive on the environmental front in a way that will benefit us but tempered by economic realities. So, whether it's a national RPS or climate change legislation or stimulus package for pro environmental incentives all this will be have to be factored into the calculation of what the nation can afford. But, in general we're actively participating and I think all the signs are in the right direction. I would include on that list and I guess it will appear on the part of both the agencies as well as members to act on the care rule and that will also help company with our particular mix for that.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equity: Could also give us an update on your perspective as far as investing into power. I think at some point you have looked at potentially investing in some new power plans et cetera. Given today's environment do you think perhaps that invesment's going to go forward and or is it switching to something else or perhaps you are just pulling back entirely?
Thomas O'Flynn: Alright, that's the one area that we actively look in for opportunities. Right now, most of our efforts are focused on the RPM process in PJM and the ability to develop a couple of peeking projects that we think would be economically wise and serve the system well. And what we keep running into is not withstanding the reduction in asset values, people's expectations is still higher than ours for some things that go into the valuation. So, we continue to look for investment opportunities in power. But so far the best things that we've seen our ability to develop seekers (ph) in Connecticut and our own expectations for participating in the RPM auction coming up in May.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equity: Just looking those long-term RPM prices, could there potentially be an impact on those capacity prices and out years related to weak demand in current markets and how do you see that playing out?
Thomas O'Flynn: Of course supply and demand is at the heart of it but I think a combination of environmental constrains on high energy delivery days and just the natural aging process at some of this units. And still what we do talk about sales growth, we are we're not quite convinced that we're seeing demand destruction although it's difficult to say given the shortness of the timeframe over which we have some contraction data. So, I think that a combination of factors, not the least of which is revisiting, coal values and we've been on the records for a couple of years saying that the old cone of VJM had was too low. We've also been on the record saying we were not quite sure as to whether or not there was complete rationality behind the treatment of the DQE supply, versus the DQE demand. So I think that in the next few weeks we will likely see some type of filing from PJM to FERK and FERK (ph) ruling on that that will significantly influence may but overall you're not seeing an abundance of new investment in the area. So I think the pressures will be such that the supply will be tightening as more demand increases. This is... the May option will be for three years out. So, this is less about 09 demand and more about where do you expect demand to be in July of 12 out to May of 13.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equity: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remark.
Ralph Izzo: I think we've pretty much covered it folks. What we... these are tough times. We're all facing them. We're quite proud of what we accomplished in 2008. And we have a firm eye on the horizon for 2009. We know exactly what our challenges are bur we have a good set of assets in markets that are functioning and functioning well. And with some operating performance that we could more of our people to produce. So we will try to look into the crystal-ball with you in March. Ours is probably not that much clear than yours but what we'll tell you is exactly what it means for us depending upon what your expectations are for credit markets, economic cycles, gas prices and the like. And with that thank you for spending time with us. We hope you're as pleased with our 08 results and where our outlook 09 is as we are and we will see you in next seven weeks.
Kathleen Lally: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - VP, IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and CEO Thomas M. O'Flynn - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon - Citigroup Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Fremont - Jefferies & co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Valerie and I am your event operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference; Public Service Enterprise Group's, Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions]. As a remainder, this conference is being recorded Friday, October 31, 2008 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 2'o clock PM Eastern Time today until 2'o clock PM Eastern Time on November 10, 2008. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Valerie. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our call this morning. As you aware we released our third quarter 2008 earnings statement earlier today. The release and attachments are posted on our website at www.pseg.com under the investor section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results by company for the quarter. Our 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2008 is expected to be filed later today. I am not going to fully read the disclaimer statements or the comments we have on the difference between operating earnings and GAAP results. But I do ask that you all read those comments as they are posted on our website. Disclaimer statement regards forward-looking statements detailing the number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made therein. And although we may elect to date forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimate changes, unless required by applicable Securities laws. We also present a commentary with regard to the difference between operating earnings and net incoming reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. PSEG believes that the non-GAAP financial measure of operating earnings provides a consistent and comparable measure of performance of its business to help shareholders understand performance trends. I think with that, I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Public Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on the call will be Tom O'Flynn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks there will be time for your questions and we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kathleen and thank you for joining us today. We realize how busy everyone is, given all of the volatility in the market place and I would be remiss if I didn't take a moment to simply say Happy Halloween to all. We reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.94 a share, compared to $0.97 per share report a year ago. Our operating results include the impact on earnings from a decline in the value of our NDT Fund that power our Nuclear Decommissioning trust fund. The results for the quarter were [ph] operating earnings for the nine months ended September 30 2008 to $2.43 a share and this is compare to $2.19 a share earned in the same period a year ago. We are experiencing some unprecedented turmoil in financial market as you are quite aware but despite the turmoil surrounding us, PSEG's work force continues to excel. This was demonstrated time and time again during the quarter. I'll give you some example of that PSE&G, our regulated utility was recognized for the third time in four years as America's most reliable electric utility. PSEG Power's employees also continue to exceed our expectation. Some examples of that is affecting [ph] our nuclear fleet performed at a 98% capacity factor in third quarter. As well as turbine replacement projects we conducted that hopefully we can [indiscernible] we hope even higher than anticipated levels of output. In addition, to these operating achievements the quarter was also characterized by progress in the regulatory and policy... in some regulatory and policy matters. First of all, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission supported PSE&G's rate request for its transmission investment program. Secondly, FERC remains supportive of PJM's reliability pricing model as a means of securing new capacity. Third, the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative commonly referred to is RGGI, held the first of what we believe will be many successful auction of carbons in September with a clearing price just north of $3 per ton. Lastly, on a local level that State of New Jersey released its energy master plan and as the name suggests the plans sets the State's energy related goals through 2020. Perhaps, most important the plan delineates a leading role for utilities to play in energy efficiency and expands the opportunities for both our regulated and competitive businesses to grow in renewable offerings. Now that the goals have been established, we are advocating for new rules that establish a more predictable environment for energy investments in that state, akin to FERC's formula rates. The focus and dedication of PSEG's employees on operational excellence provides the foundation that allows us to comfortably support our 2008 earnings guidance of $2.80 to $3.05 per share. PSEG's operational performance and our energy markets continue to support growth and earnings per share for 2009 over 2008. Stresses in the financial markets are expected to result in some headwinds, regarding both pension and interest expense. Tom will have little bit more information on this in his remarks. And we also faced some challenges relative to one of our coal contracts We're working hard to mitigate this question, for example both capital and operating budgets for 2009 have been adjusted and the net affect of all these factors is that we currently expect earnings for 2009 under current market conditions to come in at the lower half of our previously stated range of $3.05 to $3.35 per share. We've the financial strength to manage through this period in the markets and we work hard to build a strong operating and financial base through a commitment to operational excellence and prudent financial management, also aided by a reduction in debt with proceeds from the sale of our international assets. The company is facing these unprecedented times with $3.3 billion of available liquidity and very modest financing requirements over the next 15 months. I think I'll stop there and I'll turn the call over to Tom and come back in the Q&A.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ralph. Good morning all. As Ralph said PSEG reported third quarter operating earnings for 2008 of $0.94 per share versus operating earnings of $0.97 per share in last year's third quarter. As you see in slide 10, PSEG Power provides the largest percentage of our earnings. Power reported operating earnings of $0.65 per share compared to $0.66 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.19 per share compared to $0.21 last year, and PSEG Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.11 per share compared with $0.12 per share over a year ago. The reduction in debt at the parent level during 2007 reduced parent company related expenses in the quarter to $0.01 per share from $0.02 per share of a year ago. We provide you with a waterfall chart on slide 30, taking you through the net changes in quarter-over-quarter operating earnings for each major business for the quarter. I will now go into each company in more detail. As I said Power reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.65 per share compared with $0.60... $0.66 per share a year ago. Power's results were aided by recontracting and stronger energy prices, particularly in PJM. Higher prices added $0.12 per share to Power's year-over-year earnings. We're also helped by strong performance of our generation fleet. And overall increasing output of 1.5% was led [ph] by 3% improvement in generation by nuclear fleet. Power's New Jersey fleet operated at 98% capacity factor during the quarter raising its capacity factor through September to 90.9%. Including Power's ownership interest in Peach Bottom the fleet operated at a capacity factor of 94.6% during the quarter and 93.1% for the nine months ended September 30. The performance was aided by the increase in capacity and the uprate and turbine replacement work at Hope Creek in Salem. This work resulted in a net increase in normal [ph] capacity of 173 megawatts compared with our original estimate of increase of... for 140 megawatts. We continue to forecast a capacity factor in the nuclear fleet of 91%. Peach Bottom returns may refueling outage in October and Salem 1 is expected to return from its current refueling outage in early November. The combined cycle fleet continues to respond well to market conditions. Output increased 2.4% with the fleet operating at capacity factors in excess of 50% during the quarter. Generation from our coal fleet declined during the quarter. Results versus last year were impacted by scheduled outage work at several fossil fuel stations to improve long-term reliability. This work as well as the costs associated with the refueling outages resulted in an increase in operating and maintenance expense of $0.06 per share during the quarter. The increase is evenly spread between nuclear and fossil. Earnings comparisons were also affected by the reversal of mark-to-market gains on positions taken in natural gas earlier this year to hedge our fuel cost exposure. They are now at $0.05 per share of the $0.08 per share recognized during the second quarter, leaving about $0.02 per share roll off during the remainder of the year. Earnings comparisons were also affected by the market related declines in the value of some securities held by Power Nuclear Decommissioning Trust fund. This was about $0.02 a share. Power's margin from megawatt hour represents an important means of evaluating operating results. As you see on slide 16, gross margin improved in the third quarter to $58 per megawatt hour from $56 per megawatt hour in last years third quarter. Bringing margins for the nine months September 30 to $55 per megawatt hour and keeping us on track to achieve an improvement in margins during 2008. Power's EBITDA for the quarter improved to $647 million bringing EBITDA for the nine months to $1.68 billion. Higher prices for energy compared to last year are expected to support Power's fourth quarter and full year 2008 margins and operating earnings. This improvement in pricing is expected to be offset by an increase of fuel cost and higher O&M expenses. The Mercer Station is in the mid of the lengthy plant outage related for the addition of back-end technology to meet environmental requirements. The capital markets obviously remain volatile and as you all aware continue to experience a decline in value during the month of October. We have factored these results into our forecast of returns on Power's NDT funds for the full year. The NDT is a $1 billion fund. Just to remind you unrealized losses flow through the income statement. Gains only flow through when they are realized. The markets for power have been extremely volatile. Credit issues and uncertain macroeconomic outlook as well as questions on environmental standards had an effect on commodity prices. The moving commodity prices maybe exaggerated by decline in liquidity as some traditional participants limit their market activity. This could also lead to an increase in the risk premium placed on products that PSEG Power is very well equipped to provide. Power entered 2008 with hedges covering, its anticipated coal and nuclear generation for the year. Including additional hedges put in place this year, Power currently has hedges in place for 2009 representing about 85% to 95% of its anticipated coal and nuclear generation with approximately 45% to 55% of its coal and nuclear generation hedged in 2010. Power largely remains open [ph] to the market in 2011 with hedges in place representing 15% to 25% of anticipated coal and nuclear generation. Of course the hedging has typically provided more stability to our cash and earnings then would dependence on short-term market pricing. Now moving over to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the third quarter of $0.19 per share compared with $0.21 per share for the third quarter of '07. Results for the quarter were primarily affected by a modest decline in electric sales impacting about a $0.01 a share and increase in miscellaneous expenses, $0.01. FERC granted PSE&G's request for formula rate treatment on its existing and future transmission investment with a small increase in transmission rates effective on October 1, 2008. The order provides for a return on equity of 11.68% on transmission any forward-looking rate design. The first year rate is from October 1 2008 to December 31 2008 with subsequent rate years running from January 1 to December 31. The new reset true-up of rates will take effect on January 1 of each year. As you can see in attachment 10 of our earnings release, electric sales year-to-date have declined by about 1% with some of that's been explained by weather. We don't expect the decline to have a material impact on PSE&G's result during remainder of the year. We have however adjusted our forecast long-term sales growth to about 0.5% a year from our prior forecast which looked at annual growth of approximately 1%. Lastly, moving on to Energy Holdings. Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $56 million or $0.11 per share for the third quarter of 2008 compared with operating earnings of $53 million or $0.12 per share during the third quarter of '07. Holdings' Global subsidiary recorded a $0.4 per share improvement in earnings. The improvement was a result of stronger production and increased spot spreads from Global's 2000 megawatts of gas-fired Texas generating capacity, coupled with mark-to-market gains of $0.4 per share. These items more than offset the absence of income from Chilquinta and Luz del Sur which result in the fourth quarter of 2007. Global's result also benefited from a net decrease in financing cost, which more than offset a higher tax rate. Holdings' Resources subsidiary recorded a $0.5 per share decline in quarter-over-quarter earnings. Reduction in earnings was result of lower income as a result of its decision to recognize a substantial charge in the second quarter related to the IRS challenge and a higher tax rate on its lease portfolio. Holdings operating earnings were expected to decline in 2008. However, the full year forecast of operating earnings has been adjusted to reflect stronger than anticipated markets in Texas. Results during the fourth quarter will reflect a loss of income from the sale of Chilquinta and Luz del Sur as well as the decline on Resources leased portfolio. PSEG has worked hard to build a strong operational base through our commitment to performance, reduction in debt and a tighter business focus resulting from the sale of our international assets. Moreover, as shown on slide 29, we have $3.3 billion of available liquidity and modest financing requirements over the next 15 months. We are also proactively responding to changes in marketplace with a reduction in our forecasted of capital expenditures for 2009 by $275 million to $325 million from previously disclosed amounts. Now just a couple of minutes on '09. The fundaments of the business are good and continue to support growth in earnings in 2009 versus 2008. The outlook takes into account issues of that we have know of and planned for such as forecasted decline of PSEG's earnings as well as the decline in income from Holdings. I'd like briefly review the impact on new issues on our outlook for 2009. Distresses in the financial markets are likely because we still [ph] experience some increase in pension and financing cost. We estimate these items could result in an increase in pension expense of about $0.08 per share and an increase in increase in financing costs of about $0.02 per share. The primary driver for earnings in 2009 is an anticipated improvement in Power's margins and EBITDA. We are however facing higher coal costs resulting from the potential renegotiation of the contract with the key supplier. We're currently in negotiations with the Indonesians supplier of coal to our Bridge Port and [indiscernible] station. The contract which expires over 2011 represents 2.7 million tons on an annual basis, that declined by about 50% in 2011. We had a long and a good relationship with our supplier since we entered into our first contract with them in late 2002. At that time coal was trading at about $30 to $35 per ton. The market for Indonesian coal is currently trading in the mid to high 60s per ton, so prices have been falling. We're obviously in discussions with them and working towards where we hope will be a constructive resolution. Just to remind you, at PSE&G our forecast takes into account an expected reduction in return on equity invested in our State regulated business to about 8.5% to 9%. We currently expect the file for change in rates in New Jersey by mid year 2009. Holdings as we've anticipated in our guidance will be pressured by a decline in lease related income as well as the need to begin to reverse the mark-to-market gains of about 58 million it has accumulated under contract with expires at the end of 2010. Summing up, we continue to see growth in 2009 and we're focused on achieving our previously stated guidance and have efforts underway to mitigate the impact with some of these pressures. However as Ralph said, as we see things today we expect earnings for 2009 to come in to the lower half our previously stated range of $3.05 to $3.35 per share. Lastly, just a brief update on share repurchase; we have $658 million remaining under our share repurchase program which is authorized by the Board to be executed over an 18 month period beginning August 1 of 2008. We've not made any purchases since late September giving the instability in the capital markets. We look to reenter the market once there is more stable environment. With that operator, we'll now open up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning. Tom I wonder if you could just expand a little bit more on the end around the Indonesian coal contract conversation. What are the alternatives that you guys see out there? Can you switch to a domestic coal and how do you see pricing comparisons between the $60 range pricing and what you could replace the coal with it if that's an option?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Dan I'd say the Indonesian coal has been good for us. We may have some flexibility... that flexibility would expand and be a Hudson once we finish our back-end at Hudson in late 2010 we will have a very broad flexibility to use lower grade coals specifically and that will be our expectations at Hudson. As we currently see it, there is still value in that coal. Prices have moved up. Let me try to kind of bracket that for you. So expectations is to work towards a resolution with our supplier over there that may result in some cost pressures and we want to make sure the people were aware of at least what the range of those could be.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Any idea, when resolution could come on that contract?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are having discussions, I think it would be certainly, during this quarter, it's probably hard to put a final point out in that.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then you talked about lowering the CapEx for 2009. Any commentary kind of on expectations for O&M cost inflation '9 versus '8 both utilities and the generation business in kind of in [indiscernible] mode.?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The utility has consistently, last five years respectively been seeing O&M increases at or below CPI. We had to make a few more investments on our fossil fleet. So that's has been slightly above, but next year we are targeting all business to be at about 3% levels.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: And now the CapEx reductions. Is there any allocation between where those dollars has been pulled away right now between utility and generation?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right across the board.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It probably about 60% of utility. And we are focusing on the state gas and electric loss of the transmission business, obviously the formula rate helps give the support for financing coverage there.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Citi.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Good morning.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. Just the CapEx reduction number was $750 million?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, the CapEx is the reduction is 275
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Oh, 275.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: To 325.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: So I was... I got surprised for a moment I apologize. And that's the 60% at the utility?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. The $58 million of reversal of mark to market as holdings for 2010 in that online predominantly in '9 as it unwinds sort of relatively across the two years. How does that...?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's pretty spread between 9 and 10.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay and then the 587 expense, should we assume for modeling purposes that that's sort of pro rata across the business?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and just to be clear the mark to market that holding that was the pre tax numbers.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And based upon where we see the forward curve actually at this time. Pension expense yes, generally the overall pension is about 60%, utility about 30% Power and 10% other Holdings and other allocated cost. Some of the utility numbers are capitalized so, net-net utility cost fees just a shade less and half of that.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Great. The funding needs for the pension is that going to be incremental cash out flow next year?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Modestly, I mean we're expecting yes, year ago we saw we put $30 million to $50 million into the pension on annual basis at this point, be that numbers up by $75 million something like that.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Up $275 million or up to more like $125 million?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's probably now in the $125 million range, $100 million to $125 million range. So a year ago, so our pension contribution numbers next year we're still looking through it obviously but and it depends on where you end up at the end of the year, but my guess is to be about a $100 million to $125 million total for the company for the year and that will be a run rate that we'd expect there. That's obviously furnished on what the... on the markets behaving in a reasonably normal fashion to the next couple of months. And it does taking our account the expectation there will be a higher discount rate at the end of the year.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: And one last thing when I think about your exposure to this coal contract negotiation. I mean it seems pretty simple 2.7 million tons. And if you were to be forced to replace that contract with a market based contract that would be a doubling of the cost on 2.7 million tons. Which looks like its works out to after tax impact of just under 9?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's amount. Yes, we'll obviously want to have good relation with these guys for number of years with this folks. We're looking towards the constructive resolution but we laid those numbers out so you can understand what the worst case would be.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you, take care.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Ashar Khan with SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just wanted to... Tom just going back to what you are saying regarding '9, you expect utility earnings to be down versus '8 is that correct?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we've said that consistently. The utility probably in the state, are probably a bit north of their 10% kind of target return. We've some modest O&M escalation like any business I think that upline its 2.5% to 3%. We do have a new customer information system that goes live in January that would have some incremental expenses including depreciation. So net-net as we see we think in the state we are going to earn 8.5 to 9 and we expect to file our rate case sometime next year. That would then be outstanding through let's say the middle of '10.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Middle of '10, Okay. And so the new rates will come in the middle of '10.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's right, that our base planning, obviously there is ways that we can look around and potentially improve that. But that's our base planning.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And that includes and you have taken into regard the slower growth and everything in this forecast?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that number would look at a sales growth electric at about 0.5% and gas flat to maybe modestly down.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then you mentioned holding is going be down. What... to the levels which you are projecting this year in the beginning. I was trying to get a sense?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we haven't really looked at... we haven't put out let say subsidiary '09 guidance as we normally do that on our next call at year-end. The biggest things that have changed over the year, one is obviously the reduction in lease income that we took fully into accounts when we did that in the second quarter. The Texas market is down somewhat the spot's are a little bit backward dated '9 versus '8. So having said that Texas is materially above the result of this year versus what we had thought a year ago. So, it seems like a forward Texas spots are a little hard to accurately predict. But the unwind [ph] of the mark-to-market would be an incremental piece.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And than if I rate the hedging numbers that you gave did you hedge anything in the last three months, among any of the curves '8, '9 and '10?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Little bit not material. Those numbers are pretty consistent. We did a little bit in the summer, but those are pretty consistent with what we've done.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you, sir.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & co.: Yes, just going back to the share repurchase, given sort of what's going on in recent credit markets; have you guys at all thought about your target debt to total capitalization ratio. I think in the past it's been about 55% and does that change in the current environment or does stay the same?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, we feel good about where we are. Paul, our debt to cap came down. I think it was... as we calculated in bank test its gone to about 50 to 48 end of year last year to end of Q3. So, and our credit scores were all improving. We think we've got incremental debt capacity and we'd look to potentially move forward on that once the markets settle down. So we're not, we'll continue at a same target. That being said we have to be mindful that it's a cautious environment. Some companies in other sectors in particular have had some credit related issues. So when we get into a more defense environment, I think you just have to be sensitive that you need to be attuned to potential changes in credit metrics let say. We're not aware of any, we're still keeping our eyes focused on the same metrics that we've been looking at for last couple of years.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & co.: And one other question relating to, I guess power prices in New Jersey. I guess in the past you guys had talked about potential short term buying [ph] in parts of the state particularly the northern part of the state. Does the new transmission lines relieve a lot of those bottle necks and should we or should we still view certain parts of the state as potentially short supply?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul this is Ralph. The new transmission lines that we are in a process of building are strictly borne out of PJM's, RTEP Regional Transmission Expansion Plan, which is solely related to reliability calculation and not driven by the desire or need to change the economics of wholesale power market.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & co.: So should I take that to mean that the northern part of the State still potentially either need incremental build or...?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We'll look to the RPM to decide that but as we pointed out in past we bid some new capacity to RPM in the northern part of the state. And I would safely say that our plans to do that in the coming months [ph] are likely to be the same. So we plan to bid new capacity, incremental capacity for northern areas in the mail [ph] option.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: I want to get a couple of numbers down, the pension expense increase that you expect in 2009 how much will be a hit to the income statement from all the units, utility, power and power holding [ph]
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Michael, all $0.08.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So it would be a hit to the income statement.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right, $0.08 plus portion that's capitalized but that's a different bucket, right.
Unidentified Analyst: Correct
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, the full amount... the rough numbers is close to $90 million I think it is. And than part of that, that 25% of that capitalized that's for utility capital work. And than so the remainder is a direct expense to O&M. Now obviously, when we go in for the rate case, part of that rate case would be cost of service at the utility and that would pick up incremental pension cost numbers. So we would expect to then and we any hope if you will for that incremental expense when the rate case get resolved in '10.
Unidentified Analyst: So as rates will be affect when beginning of 2010 and that should include high expenses or...?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: More likely the middle of 2010, Michael.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It should take about a one year to process the rate case in this State.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And the CapEx cuts that you are making are they generally on the power side, not on the utility but on the power side. Are they usually are they joined to the growth projects or are you doing or pushing back some environmental, what exactly are doing with CapEx?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it's mostly maintenance CapEx spread over variety of places. And as we said about 60% of the capital is in the teen... is in the distribution business in the utility. And then reductions in plan, growth investments in holdings that makeup the balance.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Just to go back to you power question, I just want to emphasize that all of the headwinds that Tom describe these add to pension expense? The Indonesian Coal renegotiations as well as some of the ones that we previously talked about that are all factored into the lower half of the guidance for the next year. So those are not in addition to earnings growth?
Unidentified Analyst: And the mark-to-market stuff at Holdings as well others, used because commodity is down, that will hit you in 2009. How has been increased versus your previous expectations of mark-to-market hit? As you stated correctly you expect that some mark-to-market hit in '09 because of really good '08 and '7. But how much of that increase versus previous expectations and that's bringing down your 2009 number?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. As I say Power the mark-to-market is very all into a year. So, as we talked about our last call we had some positive numbers, that was $0.08 up and then we had $0.05 down and then $0.02 also go up and come down. So I think we are basically back to where you stated. And now just quickly obviously when we enter into DGS, some uptake on our gas trends that implies [ph] gas forwards we just hedge work some option to manage our gas to be able to manage our risk. So some of that was mark-to-market. Especially all the options are mark-to-market. On the Holdings slide if you look at attachment twelve for 2008 you can see that the Holdings mark-to-market for this year is about $0.04 and much of that would be mark-to-market that we had not expected.
Unidentified Analyst: What about 2009?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well that now would... in other words that as... most of that we had not expected... obviously the markets were where they where at the end of the year. And by definition you don't expect there to be futures. So we've got more the $0.04 and that would largely then reverse itself out over '9 and '10 in ratable fashion.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So simply for we can take $0.08 and $0.04 that's the $0.12 that are primarily the reasons for you to point to lower-end of 2009 guidance versus our previous communication with investors?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well no Michael. I think the major things on that are new is one the financing cost, the pension financing that's $0.10 we... obviously no one predicted kind of markets that we've seen. going in the year we said our pension expense would be pretty flat. So, in the financing cost is all, we've got a lot of new financing but when financing moves by couple on a basis points then that adds up. So the financial numbers are about $0.10, direct impact as a result of the last six, eight weeks. The Indonesian issue is something that we have talked about, it was discussed in second quarter Q, but it's becoming I guess more of a front burner issue for us?
Unidentified Analyst: On the Indonesian, I am sorry I've taken up a lot of time. Are you saying that those cost should double, I think given the sliding commodity, coal commodity with last couple of weeks, do you really think it will still be doubled, if you had to recontract that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, we're not... we don't want to get in the middle of speculating where we might go with discussions, I'll just say that the current Indonesian comparable coal index to get adjust a little bit that's mid 60, it had come down meaningfully. If you had asked us a couple of months ago, that number would be meaningfully higher and it does, it is coming down. So I might argue the time's on its side.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, your current contract as of 60,000 ton delivered?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, the current contract was negotiated at a time the market was in the 30 to $35 range.
Unidentified Analyst: Delivered.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Commodity freight we deal with separately with finance rate. But there is our supplier in conjunction with the government has brought forward the fact that the current market price is meaningfully higher and as I said mid 60s is a reasonable estimate of that. You are absolutely right, that number has been coming down, and coming down quite dramatically over the last six weeks.
Unidentified Analyst: And of course freights also moved in your favor considerably over the last?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Somewhat that we've got our freight set in the next couple of years.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you, very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just to sort of clarify few things, to get a region [ph] contract impact, if I understood you correctly, that is in 2009 guidance correct?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is as we say, we're sitting here today looking at the lower half of the 3.05 to 3.35 that would contemplate a renegotiation of the Indonesian contract.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: As well as the pension expansion in the financing cost and the slower growth in the utility et cetera, et cetera.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Really I didn't get a chance to finish the question of Michael. Many of these things were already in our guidance such as our lower ROE at PSE&G something we really talked about all year. I Think the three things that are new that will lead us to the lower half, we want to make sure we're responding to information as we get it is about $0.10 for financing cost, potential adjustment with respect to our Indonesian contract and forward markets have comedown, we largely hedge for '09 but we do have some modest open position that impact us as a forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. The second thing is the buyback which hope you might touched on. I'm just wondering did you guys did you guys have any activity with the lower stock price opportunity that was out there in last month or so. Or I mean you guys gave it as a September 30, I'm just wondering whether or not... you mentioned on the one hand that you guys still saw that as... I think you guys plan on executing but on the other hands you guys are being a little bit more cautious because of the credit environment we have? Could you just elaborate a little more on that?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, sure. We obviously we're in the market. I think Tom just gave the numbers that 658 millions of the originally 750 authorizations were available to us. And good any self respecting company believes its stock is under priced we do to. But since late September we haven't in there because the market just became so unstable and liquidity become as such as premium even though we had $3.3 billion available we thought discretion was the better part of valor for that period.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. But now you guys fell a little more comfortable, right?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: As the authorization remains in place and we discussed that internally overtime and I just sort of leave it at that but we promise to all of you that we will continue to look better promises with that what we did when did it at every quarterly call.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then what are adjusted sales growth for year-to-date in Q3, I am sorry I missed it what noted that has been [ph]?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: If adjust for weather which was 2% lower in THI, temperature humidity index. If you just to that we're about 0.5% lower on a weather normalized basis. You understand the accuracy of theses models right so we're talking about 2% weather effect backing that out including that we had 0.5% weather normalize effect. So I would and want to get to you carried away with the precision of being able to separate those two phenomenon.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: But you guys haven't seen negative sales growth...
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We had being seeing that on the gas side. This is the first time we're seeing it on the electric side.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Didn't you guys see it on the electric side in the second quarter, I thought you did?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry. Yes, I was thinking more year-over-year, yes that's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, now that brings me to my final question, the energy master plan had these pretty ambitious goals of a 20% reduction in peak and consumption by 2020. I mean can you comment on this I mean like and I guess 30% renewable, I mean whatever and these are the obviously goals but what does that do to the long-term outlook of PSEG Power? I mean if you really actually have... do you think it's a sustainable when do you start seeing those reductions happen, what is that due to demand and supply I think what that mean?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What we've been saying to policy makers is that the market is not going to achieve those goals, and the only... any of these goals. Not the renewable goals, not the energy efficiency goal. The only way that's going be achieved is with the prominent role of the utility. So you may see if we actually achieve those 30% renewable goals like 2020 and the others that you articulated. A shift in the earnings power of the PSEG [ph] subsidiary some power to the utility. But surprise to say that I find it hard to believe that left to its own devices that people favorably investing in onshore wind in New Jersey or in some of the other things that are anticipated in energy master plan.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Then also with this consumption reduction I guess what I'm wondering is I mean, there's different way that's could be done and one might be actual opportunities for you guys to reduce demand and return on it. But others might be things like appliance efficiency standard and stuff like that, relatively this might create a reduction in demand. This won't give you guys money. Just how do we think about that. and do you think that's when do you start to think these reductions in demand might actually happen, if they do happen?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well meaningful long-term reductions in demand require capital investment. And I would maintain that's likelihood of our customers making those capital investments on a broad scale unassisted by utility programs is very, very low. So we just need to think about the roll of the utility in the future may not simply be a prevail of electrons and molecules of gas, but someone who is permitted to invest in those energy consuming devices that customers left won't in invest in themselves. In other words, have much different and expanded definition of rate base, otherwise I just not see it happening.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So in other words, you feel that the utility would basically get the earnings that would be coming... it will be basically be shifting from a one bucket to other so just you can because that is actually having...
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and in fact with that all utilities available [ph] with some potential upside. But what you are talking about here is that the lion's share of any utility customer's bill in its integrated form including the supply component is to pay fossil fuels and PSEG is not a fossil fuel business. We're in the business to converting that and delivering that. And if we can make money by helping people, by investing on behalf of people in assets that help them consume less fossil fuel, then this thing potential at what is less going to Power could be more and than some going to the utility, now obviously that's a case by case basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What else we do.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you, Paul. The next question is from Rudy Tolentino with Morgan Stanley.
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Can you give us an update on the leverage lease issue, I know that if we recall last quarter you talked about potential settlements or at least that discussions about settlements, if you can just a give an update please?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Ruddy. It was a broad based settlement offered by the service to all people who had entered into these types of transactions, and there was a date to accept that was earlier this month. We did not accept that. The cost of that was quite high. I should say a shade higher than the economics that underpinned the reserve that we talk in June, is that make sense. So we're accessing our options that we may well pursue a litigation path as we talked about in second quarter is not lot new, there is we continue to think that our transactions were fair and based upon good tax lot of time we think that our fact [ph] is that owner of utility assets gives us a much better in fact better than some other financial parties that we're also offered this settlement. So what, the only thing I would say is that we did make another $80 million deposit which is to a voluntary deposit. So our voluntary deposits we see it service are about $180 million and that's just as we said in June that we are going to take the reserve, we're going to run our company from a financial perspective as if that was going to be an ultimate cost. So we're mindful of that and finance the business on a quarterly basis in that fashion, same time we are quite likely pursue a litigation pattern.
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: And as far as I presume litigation you have no timeline I think or do you have timeline or is...
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No specific, I mean without going to much on the details it something we would pursue over the next three to six months that we initiate over the next few three to six months. It is generally a two to three year path ultimately towards, those out of one other case that's some that may we'll reach a final decision in our industry. So when we'll have a better fact pattern in our industry, so have some news on that end of this year, first quarter next year.
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. Thanks so much for you updates.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Mr. O'Flynn, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remark.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all for participating again. We are feeling quite confident about our operational performance throughout the business at our nuclear plans, at our combined cycle plans, we're pleased with the construction schedule and the cost control of our major back-end technology projects at our coal units and we're delighted again to receive the recognition we've received in Utility, these are difficult markets. We're not sitting back we're adjusting our spending patterns, we're adjusting them both at the capital and O&M level. And we think we have our risk under control and we're looking forward to a strong fourth quarter and some growth in 2009. And we'll see you here. Thanks for your attention.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group, second quarter 2008 earnings conference call and webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions]. As a remainder, this conference is being recorded Friday, August 1, 2008 and will be available for telephone replay for 48 hours, beginning at 1 pm Eastern today until 1 pm Eastern on August 8, 2008. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. It's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead Ma'am. [Technical Difficulty] Strong results. We are maintaining our full-year operating earnings guidance of $2.80. Our reported loss for the quarter $0.32 per share includes a charge of $490 million or $0.96 per share, which reflects our decision to recognize most of the potential risk associated with our leveraged lease tax position at this time. Although we've taken the charges associated with this issue, we preserved our option to litigate with the IRS. As I'll review in greater detail later in the call, our discretionary cash position, adjusted for potential tax payments remains robust at $2.5 billion for the 2008 to 2011 period. We received approximately $600 million from the sale of SAESA in July after taking into account tax payments. And with the improved credit outlooks for PSEG, PSE&G, and Holdings, our credit ratings are in line with our objectives. Given the strength of this outlook, the Board has approved a share repurchase program of up to $750 million to be executed during a period of 18 months. The financial recognition of a substantial percentage of our potential tax risk and the sale of most of our international assets over the past year have allowed us to clarify our business risk and place our focus on our core businesses. The share repurchase authorization is recognition the Company has a strong business, financial, and liquidity position. And the Board's belief that repurchase of our shares may represent the best return for shareholders at this time. Slides 5 and 6 outline the difference between operating earnings, and the income from continuing operations, as well as net income for the second quarter 2008, and the six-month period ended June 30, 2008. As you can see on slide 8, the improvement in operating earnings for the second quarter of 2008 to $0.64 per share from $0.55 per share, it was due to the improved performance of PSEG Power, which reported operating earnings of $0.47 per share compared to $0.37 per share last year. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $0.10 per share, a decline from $0.12 per share earned in '07 second quarter. Energy Holdings reported a slight decline in operating earnings for the second quarter to $0.08 per share versus $0.09 per share over a year ago. A reduction in debt during '07 reduced parent company related expenses in the quarter to $0.01 per share from $0.03 per share over a year ago. We provided you with the waterfall charts on slides 10 and 11 which take you through the net changes in the year-over-year operating earnings by major business for the quarter, and year-to-date. I'll now touch on each company in more detail. PSEG Power reported operating earnings for the second quarter, $0.47 per share compared with $0.37 a share a year ago. The improvement in earnings was driven by re-contracting, as well as, realization of capacity prices under PGM's reliability pricing model for the full quarter versus only a month in last year's second quarter. Recall that RPM pricing was implemented on June 1, 2007. These items added $0.10 per share to Power's earnings. Earnings comparisons were also aided by gains related to positions taken in natural gas or in the year to hedge our fuel cost exposure. This added $0.08 per share earnings; it was expected to roll off during the remainder of the year. Higher pricing was also supported by a 7.6% increase in production. The nuclear fleet continues to run well operating at a capacity factor of 90.5% during the second quarter, bringing the fleet's year-to-date capacity factor to 92.3%. Salem 2, 57% owned and operated by Power, completed its refueling and steam generated replacement outage in 58 days returning to service on May 8. This ranked as the second shortest steam generator replacement outage in the history of the U.S. nuclear industry. The unit's operating capacity increased by 11 Megawatts for our share upon its return to service. We also completed the Hope Creek extended power uprate of 125 Megawatts. The combined cycle fleet continues to respond well to market conditions. Output increased 36% during the second quarter. Generation from our core fleet declined during the quarter. Results versus last year were impacted by scheduled outage work at several fossil stations, in particular, Hudson, to improve long-term reliability. This work resulted in an increase in operating and maintenance expense of $0.04 per share. Earnings comparisons were also affected by higher depreciation expense of $0.01, higher interest expense associated with an increase in collateral requirements, also $0.01. And market related decline in the value of some securities held by Power's nuclear decommissioning trust or Energy fund which was also $0.01. Power's margin per megawatt hour represents an important means of evaluating operating results. As you can see on slide 16, gross margins improved in the second quarter to $54 per megawatt hour from $47 per megawatt hour in last year's second quarter. Looking at margins for the first half of the year to $53 per megawatt hour, and keeping us on track to achieve an improvement in margins during 2008. Power's EBITDA for the quarter improved to $481 million versus $370 million a year ago, bringing EBITDA for the first six months of '08 to $1.028 billion, also keeping us on track to meet our full-year target for EBITDA of $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion. Higher prices for energy and capacity compared to last year are expected to continue to support our forecasted improvement in Power's '08 margins in operating earnings. This improvement in pricing is expected to be offset somewhat by higher fuel costs, as well as an increase in operating and maintenance expenses. For instance, the Mercer Station is scheduled to undergo the lengthy outage in late 2008 related to the addition of back-end technology to meet nox [ph] requirement. The Power markets have obviously been extremely volatile. This appears to be the result of convergence of issues affecting the market, including very strong commodity prices and uncertain macroeconomic outlook and unfilled environmental requirements which have all contributed to a very dynamic market. Natural Gas is currently trading slightly in access of level seen in March of this year, after reaching levels in June that were 25% to 30% higher than were the market as recently traded. Power prices have reacted in a similar fashion. As a reminder, PSEG Power entered 2008 which hedges covering its anticipated coal and nuclear generation for the year. Including additional hedges put in place for this year, Power has currently its hedges in place for 2009 representing approximately 85% to 95% of its anticipated coal and nuclear generation, with approximately 45% to 55% of coal and nuclear generated hedged in 2010. Power largely remains open to the market in 2011 with hedges in place representing 15% to 25% of anticipated coal and nuclear generation. It's been our practice to hedge our fuel position as we contract our output. Our fuel has hedged nicely longer than our positions on coal and nuclear generation. Nuclear fuel is termed up for 2011; coal is contracted for a period modestly longer than the power of sales I just went through. Approach to hedging our output has typically provided more stability to our cash and earnings than were dependant on short-term market pricing. We continue to feel comfortable with our forecasted open EBITDA for Power of $2.6 billion to $2.8 billion. The last of the transitional RPM capacity auctions was held by PGM in May of 2008. As you may know, new generating capacity that Power bid into the auction is not clear. We do however, remain committed to building new capacity provided reasonable RPM pricing, and expect to bid in the May 2009 auction. In the meantime, we believe that [inudible] detailed analysis of RPM released on June 30, will serve as a vehicle for PGM's review of the capacity auction process. The report recommended basic design elements of RPM to be maintained, but made some recommendations to enhance effectiveness. Now turning to PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings for the second quarter of $0.10 per share compared with $0.12 per share of a year ago. The results for the quarter were affected by a number of factors. A decline in demand for gas reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. A lower peak, due to a cooler summer in 2007, resulted in an expected decline in transmission revenues, also $0.01 per share. Operating and maintenance expenses increased 1.8% this quarter, less than the rate of inflation. This increase also reduced earnings by $0.01 a share. These items were partially offset by lower amortization expense and other items which improved earning comparisons by $0.01. PSE&G's guidance already reflects a modest decline in transmission where we used to lower… results will also reflect an increase in financing costs associated with higher capital outlays, and higher operating and maintenance expenses associated with programs that maintain PSE&G's higher level of reliability. In May, PSE&G filled for a 20% increase in base prices for gas commodity supply. Our increase is consistent with requests made by other utilities in the State. This is a significant increase and we continue to monitor the impacts of commodity price increases and other economic conditions on our sales of both, electricity and natural gas. Year-to-date on a normalized basis, we've experienced a decline of 0.6% in residential electric sales, residential gas sales have declined by more than 1.5%. In July, PSE&G petitions prefer a formula rate treatment on its existing and future transmission of investments to be effective on October 1st of this year. The request is based on a proposed ROE of 11.68%, and provide for a forward-looking rate design that's similar to what the FERC has approved for other utility companies. The first rate year would be October 1, 2008 through December 2008, with subsequent rate years running on a calendar basis. If the mechanisms and protocols are approved, the annual reset and true-ups of rates will take effect on January 1st of each year. Looking to PSEG Energy Holdings, Holdings reported operating earnings of $37 million, $0.08 per share for the second quarter 2008 versus operating earnings of $47 million or $0.09 per share during the second quarter of 2007. Operating earnings, exclude the lease related charges as well as the financial results of SAESA. Holdings operating earnings for the quarter are largely influenced by the performance of Holdings Global subsidiary. The Texas generating units, in particular Guadalupe, are benefiting from strong demand and higher prices. Higher prices and stronger pricing added $0.06 per share to earnings. The increase in forward spark spreads in 2008 second quarter, compared to the decline posted in the year ago period, led to mark-to-market losses in the second quarter which reduced earnings comparisons by $0.05 per share. Global's earnings comparisons were also affected by international asset sales which closed during 2007. The absence of this income in 2008 reduced earnings comparisons by $0.03 per share. The availability of Bioenergie in 2008 improved earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share in the second quarter. Lower financing costs added $0.02. A higher tax rate partially offset these gains reducing Global's earnings comparisons by $0.03. Holdings Resources subsidiary reported a $0.01 per share improvement. The improvement was a result of a lower tax rate, $0.02 per share which offset a decline in lease income of $0.01 per share. PSEG Energy Holdings operating earnings is expected to decline in 2008 versus 2007. The outlook however, is stronger than forecast earlier on the year, given the strength of the Texas Power markets on Global's profitability, which is expected to more than offset the reduction in estimated lease income from resources. We now forecast an improvement in EBITDA for the Texas assets in 2008 to $125 million to $145 million. This compares to the prior forecast of 2008 EBITDA of $85 million to $105 million. High natural gas prices and demand are leading to stronger spark spreads which is more than offsetting the impact of added wind resources in West Texas on the dispatch of natural gas-fired generating assets. Over the long-term, a desperate generating asset could benefit from the recent approval of scenario two under the CREZ [ph] transmission build up program by the Public Utility Commission in Texas. The additional transmission capability and visioned under this program would improve the dispatch of our facilities. The 2008 outlook for Holdings Global subsidiary also reflects the loss of earnings for the full-year from the sale of Chilquinta and Luz del Sur, which were sold in December of last year. The outlook for '08 will also be affected by resources decision to recognize a substantial charge in the second quarter related to the IRS challenge of certain leveraged leases. This however, will result in a $30 million decline in Resources income during the second half of the year versus prior expectations. Holdings closed on a sale of SAESA on July 24th of this year. After-tax proceeds from the sale, amount to approximately $600 million. With its sale, Holdings International portfolio is limited to three small investments with an equity value of approximately $120 million. Now in more detail on the leases. There are several pending tax cases involving other taxpayers with leverage lease investments similar to ours that are being challenged by the IRS. To-date, two cases have been decided at the trial court level in favor of the government, and a third case involves a jury decision that is currently being contested. An appeal of one of these decisions was recently affirmed. Based on these developments and the status of discussions with the IRS, we've taken the following actions in the second quarter. We've increased our interest reserve by $135 million. This is an after-tax charge reflecting the income taxes. We re-calculated the return assumed on our lease investments to take into account new assumptions on the timing of cash flow to be received from the leases. This adjustment resulted in an after-tax charge of $355 million, consisting in a reduction of revenue of $485 million, offset by a reduction in taxes of $130 million. The net effect of these two items is a charge to the income in the quarter of $490 million or $0.96 per share. The $355 million reduction in income associated with the lower return on a lease investment portfolio will be recognized as income over the remaining lives of the leases as total income received from the leverage lease investment is unaffected by changes in cash flow timing. Slide 28 provides a view of the timing on this income recognition. As you can see, we expect approximately 75% of this income to be recognized over the period 2013 to 2022. Our decision anticipates that we'll pay $300 million to $350 million in 2008 in taxes, interest and penalties claimed by the IRS for the 1997 to 2000 audit cycle. And subsequently comment litigation to recover a refund. Our reserve levels assume a total cash out flow of $900 million to $950 million over the next two to three years. This includes the $300 million to $350 million we anticipate paying in 2008. At the end of June, our deferred tax liability in interest related to the deficiency amounted to $957 million and $209 million respectively, totaling $1.16 billion. In addition, penalties related to deficiency were $147 million. We believe Holdings is in a position to meet its financial requirements from internal sources of cash. It's important to say that PSEG believes that its lease investments are fully consistent with Resources long standing business model, and its focus on Energy related assets of the type which PSEG has traditionally owned and operated. PSEG currently forecasts $2.5 billion of discretionary cash over the 2008 to 2011 period versus our prior forecast of $3 billion. This figure assumes a higher than originally forecast payment that is now $900 million to $950 million in lease-related taxes during this timeframe. A revised figure on discretionary cash also reflects an increase in funds from asset sales. Keep in mind, the major influences on our forecasted discretionary cash are commodity prices and capital expenditures. Our forecasted capital spending includes growth-related spending on areas that may not materialize, for example, spending on renewables at Holdings, and PSEG spending plans related to such items as AMI. On the other hand, although we attempt to be conservative in our view of commodity prices, the dramatic decline in prices would have a negative impact on cash. We saw a substantial increase in commodity prices during the second quarter, which required Power to post additional margins given its hedged positions on the forecasted energy sales. We entered this period with substantial liquidity. We however, reinforced our capital position with increases to our credit facilities amounting to $350 million. At the end of June, we had $1.55 billion of liquidity available to PSEG Group of Companies. Since the end of the second quarter, our collateral postings at Power have declined by $1.3 billion to $800 million, with the decline in commodity prices. With this decline, available liquidity for the PSEG Group of Companies is approximately $3.1 billion. Lastly, we are obviously pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase program of up to $750 million. This approval provides the repurchase to occur during the 18 month period. Our business risk profile has improved over the past year. We sold the majority of our international assets at very good values. We've recognized most of the risk associated with our lease related issue. We paid down the debt to parent company, and our credit ratings are in line with our objectives. Our share repurchase program represents our commitment to making investments that provide the best available return to shareholders, taking into account opportunities to grow the business. We feel very confident about our financial and operating position. Our lease charge has clarified our financial risk. Strong operations and our approach to hedging support our cash position. Our balance sheet is strong and we are focused on improving our returns to shareholders. With all that, I'll now open it up to questions.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Operator, Elizabeth, we're available for questions at this time. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions]. One moment please for our first question. Our first question comes from the line of Paul Fremont from Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thank you. Go ahead Paul, good morning.
Paul Fremont: Good morning, thank you very much.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Fremont: Just to sort of understand the charge that you took relates only to a portion of the leases that are in dispute, that would be for the cycle '97 through 2000. So should we assume that as you go through the audits, that you're going to have to make this decision again with respect to any possible disputes relating to other audit years?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, Paul. There are a lot of moving parts in it. I think from an overall cash position, if you think about, we took a charge that represents the vast majority of the risk associated. If you think about the $900 million or so, that I say that we expect to pay… we've also got to deposit that we made last December, a voluntarily deposit of $100 million. So we… this charge represents a number that would be a very high ratio, the number would look a lot like $1 billion over the 1.16. In other words, 1.16 is our current exposure.
Paul Fremont: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Our cash expectation is in line with our accounting charge. And that total cash cost is about $1 billion. See, if you want to divide $1 billion by the 1.16, you get up with a pretty high percentage number. In terms of then… so the 490 is the accounting impact, the 900 and 950 plus the 100 is the cash impact, that's how we're giving them both to you. Then the question is, well how might the 900 to 950 be paid out? We believe that in a litigated scenario, it would be paid out over a two to three-year period, it may also look like that over a sale scenario. The first payment might be 300 to 350 that would represent the '97 to 2000 audit. There would be a subsequent payment potential for the '01 to '03 audit, that could be in '09 and another piece in '10 or '11. So that may be more detailed but that's… we just broke out the audit because that would be… the 300 to 350 is the first of the 900 to 950. But all of that money has been recognized in the accounting statements, that's the 490. And in our cash forecast, our cash forecast between now and '11 assume a very conservative 900 to 950 cash cost will go out.
Paul Fremont: And then just sort of as a follow-up. Should we assume at this point that a settlement with the IRS is unlikely? And that the more likely path is that you proceed to litigation or is there still a possibility here of a settlement?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: I wouldn't want to rule it out but our expectations that litigation is more likely.
Paul Fremont: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glennrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hi, guys.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Hi.
Kathleen A. Lally: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just to make sure, I understand, the 490's, the earnings impact, the 900 to 950 is the cash flow impact going forward?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: That's exactly right Paul.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And the 490, other than the cash flow impact due to the lack of cash as a result of these payments. The expected earnings impact has pretty much been taken care of by this write-off, right?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Well, there is a onetime event, the 490.
Paul Patterson: Right.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We did say, there is about $0.10 to $0.12 a year of earnings drained for the next… for '08, '09 and '10. So it's going to be about half of that this year. That's about $0.06, I know you said $30 million which is about $0.06. And then it will be about $0.10 to $0.12 in '09 or '10, that number will get cut in about half in '11 and '12. That's a combination of… you re-run the leases and the earnings change around, it's also cost of money.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then…
Thomas M. O'Flynn: And then Paul, as I just say, it cuts down, it's by few cents as we look out four or five years, and then it's starts to reverse because as I try to explain those complicated issue, I may not have done a good job. The majority of the 490 write-off is from a timely cash flow. There was an interest fees but the other majority, the 355 is an after-tax charge. And ultimately those come back over the next 10 to 20 years.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And that's on slide 28, I guess, is that the way to think of it?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then I guess when you were talking about the discretionary cash flow, what's sort of offsetting this tax payout is greater than expected asset sales. Is that correct?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: That's the biggest piece. I would say when we talked, when we provided our $3 billion number back in March, we did have a number in there for some tax risk and it was consistent with our FIN-48 position at that time. So there was a number in there. It was obviously not nearly as large as the number that we've now got in there. So it was a number… it obviously got bigger up to the 9 to 950, it was offset by some proceed on asset sales. So net-net, we're moving the cash with 3 to 2.5.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And the asset sales, is that because you're selling more assets or the proceeds are higher because you're getting a better price for the assets than you previously expected?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: The latter. We had used to be honest, a very conservative value for SAESA. And there is also one other investment in Resources, that we've been looking at selling that we were using a conservative number for.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Then just finally on the quarter, there is about $0.08 cents mark-to-market gain as I calculate it sort of year-to-date, about $0.03 cents for the quarter. Are you guys expecting that to reverse?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, we do expect that Power… and it's unusual, Power does most of their… stuff is either hedge accounting and normal purchase and sales. So we don't get mark-to-market, that is virtually all into a year. So it was things that were positive in '08, if positive first half will roll off and be negative. So net-net to be neutral. And it was simply that, obviously as we buy fuel for our plants, we burn a lot of gas rather than buying forward gas we bought some options.
Paul Patterson: Okay great. And then just finally, you said whether adjusted sales I think were down, retail sales, I don't know if I got that correctly, I'm sorry.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: You got it correct.
Paul Patterson: How much were they down?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Whether adjusted residential sales which are really the things we watch more closely were down 0.5% in electricity year-to-date.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thank you, sir.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kahn from Barclays Global Investors. Please go ahead. Mr. Kahn, your line is open. Mr. Kahn?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Perhaps we should move on, Mr. Kahn can call back if he still has questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from City Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, good morning.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: You pointed out that one of the things that drove better quarterly performance was performance of your gas plants?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes.
Greg Gordon: You manage those plants, if I'm correct. You purchased the gas and sold the power in the short-term markets, right? So they are not part of the long-term hedging program, right?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: They are Greg to the extent that we sell our load into them. I mean, the reason we talk, for the most probably, we talk about longer term hedging, we talk about coal and nuclear because that's the majority of our margin. To the extent in the BGS, it's at BGS we did sell and hedge our way through so that we had sold Power forward such that we would… we basically sell into our natural gas stack. So when we do that, then at a reasonablable point in time within doing that, we then procure the gas.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So the extent you have…
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We would, I'd say Greg to the extent that we looked out long-term sparks out two, three, four years and thought that they were at a good value, we could certainly sell sparks forward. But to-date, we've not seen sufficient value in the forward spark market to do that.
Greg Gordon: So you do utilize them to serve loads to the extent they are bundled, because you have a hedge that's a low serving hedge?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, exactly.
Greg Gordon: You hedge out some of the gas?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes.
Greg Gordon: But the remaining piece you would just sell at prevailing sparks in the short-term market, right?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yeah, but even then I mean, if we don't buy the gas and we are respectively in the day market and the short-term markets, then they are still being dispatched at short-term gas prices. Obviously, to the extent we have the gas at contracted different than market, we can make different decisions on the gas versus the plants. But the bottom line is, I think the plants are running more, which is they are more in the middle of the fairway of what PJM is needing for keeping the system going on a daily bread and butter basis. So…
Greg Gordon: What type of sparks present are you seeing on the… what did you see on the assets in the quarter?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: So just on capacity, we've seen capacity factor go up. And this is really Bergen and Linden and the big drivers in the PS area, they've gone up 5% to 10%. Sparks, we've seen them be in the… depends on the weather. But generally in the $20 to $30 range… I've got mid-to-high 20s in April. May, it was mid-teens. June, it was up about $45 to $50. So it obviously it's…
Greg Gordon: And I assume the cycling, so you're giving the on peak, those are on peak rates, right?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes.
Greg Gordon: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: That's right. I said they're running most of the time on peaks half the time and their capacity factor is around half. So they're most of the time on peak, they're running.
Greg Gordon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers from Credit Suisse Securities. Please go ahead.
Daniel Eggers: Hi, good morning.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Good morning.
Daniel Eggers: Just thinking about the share repurchase program, and then the Board's comments that buying back shares might be the best return obviously you guys have from an investment profile perspective. How are you going to look at the CapEx for going to be laid out so far to make decisions on when to buy shares and when maybe to put-off or cancel CapEx projects?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yeah, I think in general Dan, as we look at our business horizon over the… between now and 2011, we've got a large CapEx program that's consistent with what we told people in March, and not too different than what the Q was. At the same time we do have some discretionary CapEx is probably $500 million to $600 million. Or it's a little more than that, but I haircut the PSE&G numbers because those are really… that's the thing about the impact on dividends that changes in CapEx could have. And the reason to do that is that there is certain business that we look at possibly growing, but as before we make any investment, commit to any investment, we're obviously going to look at the value of the returns, the risk profile, the shareholder value accretion that such an investment would yield. And we'll look at that relative to our stock at the time. Or just in… kind of more broadly, our assessment on how to deploy our share repurchase capability is going to be based on our yield, sort of yield cash or obviously, conditions in the market that could be both financial such as stock market reaction, commodity market certainly, change in the commodity markets relative to changes in our stock value will have an impact. And then lastly, our ability to deploy or not deploy capital into discretionary CapEx, or other investments that could be attractive.
Daniel Eggers: So what I need to assume that the $500 million plus of discretionary CapEx needs to be put-off to support the buyback or if you could lay the CapEx so that it means you could spend, you can buyback even more stock?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: It's the latter. If we have about say five to six, if we did not pursue those investments, we would have five to six more share repurchase pattern.
Daniel Eggers: Okay, got it. And then, it seems like there is a decent amount of planned maintenance and kind of planned work going on. It feels like it's more than what we normally see. Is that one, a correct assessment? And two, if so, should we be assuming that continues on over the next couple of years?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: I think it's really Hudson and Mercer related. And keep in mind that these are two plants that have been older coal plants. We are putting back ends on for the back end for… and that scrubbers and making them fully environmentally compliant with everything, favorably with the exception of carbon. Mercer was spending about $500 million, Hudson $725 million, so as a part of that there are some outages to prep for those. And there are some maintenance associated with those plants as we do those back ends. So Mercer is done with that late '09 and early '10, and Hudson is late '10. But those are baked into our numbers. These are… it is important to say that the work we're doing is not different than what was anticipated and what was baked into our guidance in forecasting everything else.
Daniel Eggers: With the lease decision all else, do we need to think about carving out the dime or so of earnings over the next couple of years out of previous expectations, given the settlement you announced today?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yeah, that's fair, that's something that will be a head wind for us. The $0.05, $0.06 this year, and then $0.10 to $0.12 for each of the next couple of years and as I think I told Paul, we catch down at about $0.05 and $0.03 I'm thinking them to look out in those levels out thereafter. So all other things being equal, that's a head wind. Obviously there is different moving parts, and we'll do our best to define ways to offset that.
Daniel Eggers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Vic Khaitan from Dutch Investment Management. Please go ahead Sir.
Vic Khaitan: Hi, I've got two questions. One on the IRS related settlement talk. Looks like this amount you have taken charge, could we assume that that is the amount you are willing to settle for? Or is that the amount which you think is the most likely… liability you might have?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yeah, Dick, I guess technically it's within 48. You do a very complicated probability weighted series of events and based on that probability distribution, once you get to a scenario that's more than 50% likely then that's the result that happens. So that's a technical answer. I'd say that we think our case still has some strong merits to it. There have obviously been some three cases gone the other way with financial counterparties, we think our position as an operating company puts us in better stead. That being said, I think we want to be mindful of the FIN 48 guidelines, and also be conservative and try to put it behind us at least from a financial discipline standpoint. So from where it is on the books, it's actually largely provided for from where we are on our cash position as we've talked to you about discretionary cash. We're baking in a pretty… obviously, a very large number, that is the vast majority of the exposure, baking that in as a cost. So we talk to you about our cash availability, it is after assuming we make very substantial payments.
Vic Khaitan: So, could I understand then that, is IRS willing to set with you or they are not interested in settling, just going through litigation?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: I think we have had… as obviously some settlement discussions, it wouldn't be fair for me to characterize the bid [ph] on that but I think as I said that earlier, we expect… I wouldn't want to rule out settlement, we expect litigation as the more likely path which would say that there is a bid in the asking, there is a meaningful difference in the… at the settlement table.
Vic Khaitan: I see. One more question, Tom. On this open EBITDA you mentioned $2.6 billion or $2.8 billion. Is that based on current prices or is that more like a anticipation on your part or how do you come up with that open EBITDA calculation?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We've been in the conference room for a couple of hours so the market may have moved a lot as you know. But it's generally based on what I call mid-July numbers. It's certainly not... we're not expecting numbers to move up to their peak of where they were in last few days of June. But it's based on what I think it was kind of mid-July numbers.
Vic Khaitan: But is it realistic to assume you can achieve those open EBITDA? That's what I was really getting at.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, we think it's very reasonable. There is obviously a lot of volatile in the market, but the numbers there are very consistent. Since we gave the number out in March, obviously there was certainly, from our time in the market when open EBITDA would have been higher. And so, we were asked a few times whether we wanted to update things and we would rather stick to a number that stays away from some of the upswings and downswings in the market. But in terms of mid-July numbers, I think we're still comfortable.
Vic Khaitan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: In general, I'd say Vick, as we look at the market, obviously gas prices have come up. As we look add sparks and darks, there are some lower numbers than we think makes sense, the care ruling caused quite a fall-off in the market. And we think some of that may naturally correct itself.
Vic Khaitan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Shalini Mahajan from UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Shalini Mahajan: Thanks and good morning. Vick did ask my question, open EBITDA but, I was just wondering Tom, and I apologize because I guess I did step off the call, so I'm not sure if you addressed that. But if you can just maybe talk a little bit about the Texas market and your outlook on spark spreads, both on the western and southern zone that you operate your plans in?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Actually Shalini, I was not asked about the Texas market. We're generally doing very well at Guadalupe, and not as well as Odessa. Sparks are strong at Guadalupe and capacity factors above 50%. Sparks are in the high 20s, sort of 26 to 29 sort of zone would be our expectation which would be quite a pickup from where they were last year that was probably more like mid-teens. And that plans to run at capacity factor is about 50%. So it does cycle quite a bit generally, it's running on the peaks and that one on the off peaks. Odessa, sparks have declined modestly from about $20 to $16, $17, but we are losing hours. That plant used to run similarly to Odessa, sort of 50% to 55%, it's now running more like 35%, getting backed down by wind. So that's been the biggest disappointment for us in Texas, it's just losing capacity factor at Odessa which is in the west. So just now I clarify, Guadalupe is by San Antonio in south, Odessa is in the west, right in middle of a lot of wind. We were encouraged by the credit decision to put multi-billion dollars of transition going from west over to the bigger load centers. And we're hopeful that it improves Odessa's capacity factor or be it not for few years until that stuff gets built.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay. And then, we saw a huge spikes in Texas in May to mid-June. Is there… I mean have you guys isolated, were you able to take advantage of that and could you isolate the positive impact on your earnings from that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We were able to take advantage of it, hat was at Guadalupe. Within the month,, there were certainly couple of months where we were up… I think at Guadalupe, $15 million or something in that range.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: But if you think about the… we moved just for the year. We moved our EBITDA up, considerably by $40 million. And that Odessa was down, is down somewhat. So Guadalupe has gone up by more than that amount. Probably Guad is up 50, and Odessa is down 10. We did do some '09 hedging during some attractive periods in the market, too.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay. So when you say that Guadalupe is going to be up $50 million, $15 million was just positive impact coming from the second quarter, and rest is the strength in stock spread that you see for the rest of the year, is that a fair way to think about it?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yeah, that is probably fair.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: And then of course, when we say that, we use the time to realize some and then we also did some incremental forward sales within '08.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay. Great, thanks so much Tom.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Ms. Lally, there are no more questions at this time. You may continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Kathleen A. Lally: I think that's it, operator. If there are no further questions, we appreciate the interest shown by everyone on our call. And if you do have any other questions, please feel free to call into Investor Relations, and the material should all be available to on our website. And the IR number is 973-430-6565. Thank you.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation. And we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - VP, IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO Thomas M. O'Flynn - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co. Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Shalini Mahajan - UBS Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group, one quarter 2008 earnings conference call and webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session for members of the financial community. At that time, if you have a question, you will need to press the one followed by the four on your telephone. As a remainder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, May 6th of 2008 and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1 PM Eastern Time today until 1 PM Eastern Time on May 13th, 2008. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings conference call this morning. Just want to take care of a few items before we begin. As you know, we released our first quarter 2008 earnings statement this morning. They can be found, both the release and the attachments on our website www.pseg.com under the investor section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results for the quarter. Our Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31st, 2008 will be filed today. Let me briefly review our disclaimer statement with regard to our earnings guidance. Then I will turn the call over to Ralph Izzo and Tom O'Flynn. Statements contained in this communication about our and our subsidiaries’ future performance including without limitation, future revenues, earnings strategies, prospects, and all other statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, we believe that our expectations are based on information currently available and on reasonable assumptions we can give no assurance they will be achieved. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made here in. A discussion of some of these risks and uncertainties is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website. These documents address in future detail our business, industry issues and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in this communication. In addition, any forward-looking statements included herein, represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even after our estimates change unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws. In the body of our earnings release, we provide a table that reconciles net incomes, operating earnings. We've adopted this format to improve the readability of the release and to provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP terms, net income and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP term operating earnings. The attachments to the press release provide the reconciliation to each of our major businesses. Operating earnings exclude the net impact of certain asset sales during the periods presented. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing results for all of our businesses and we exclude such items so that we can better compare our current period results with prior or future periods. We would also like to point out that the results for 2007 now reflect discontinued operations as well as the two-for-one stock split that was effective earlier this year on February 4, 2008. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo and Tom O'Flynn and at the conclusion of their remarks there will be time for your questions. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Thank you. Ralph?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Kathleen. Good morning everyone, and thanks for participating in our call this morning. We have good news to report. Operating earnings for the first quarter of 2008 increased to $0.85 per share from $0.63 per share reported for the first quarter last year. The results for the quarter were driven by strength in PSEG Power and the benefits of lower taxes and lower financing costs. PSEG Power continues to benefit from recontracting at high prices and have focused on operations. Power was able to maintain strong generating unit performance at nuclear and across the fleet at a time when considerable work was being performed associated with the Salem number 2 refueling and steam generator replacement outage. Our mix of well-run assets continues to yield strong results in a rising commodity price environment. In addition to our healthy earnings performance, the quarter was characterized by progress in the regulatory and policy arenas. The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved PSE&G petition to offer $105 million in loans to help finance the installation of solar energy systems on homes, businesses and municipal buildings throughout the PSE&G service territory. This program will support the addition of 30 megawatts of solar capacity over a two year period and represents the start of what could be a larger program as the BPU establishes the guidelines under recently enacted Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative legislation for utility company investments in energy efficiency, conservation, and renewable energy resources. Governor Corzine released the draft in the state of New Jersey energy master plan in April. The draft report addresses the state's energy related goals through 2020. As we have said, we are committed to helping meet New Jersey's energy objectives by providing energy efficiency services and renewable energy on a large scale over the long-term. In addition, we are pleased that the plan acknowledges the need to consider new nuclear generation as the source of carbon-free energy to meet the state's carbon reduction goals. A final energy master plan is expected by year-end. We also saw progress on our transmission related regulatory initiatives. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission supported PSE&G's incentive rate making request for its $600 million to $650 million investment in the 500kV Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line and approved with the concurrence of the BPU, PSE&G's request to transition lower voltage distribution assets to higher voltage transmission investments. These decisions will support the capital commitments being made by PSE&G to reinforce system reliability. The year 2008 is off to a good start and we are maintaining our full year guidance of $2.80 to $3.05 per share. The mid-point of this range represents an 8% increase over 2007's operating earnings of $2.71 per share. The execution of our operating and investment programs will help assure that we meet our long-term earnings targets calling for 8% to 9% growth per year through 2011. I will now turn the call over to Thomas O'Flynn.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ralph and thanks to all of you joining us this morning. As Ralph said, we are very pleased to report that PSEG recorded first quarter 2008 operating earnings of $0.85 per share versus $0.63 per share for the first quarter of 2007. As you can see in slide 8, the improvement was led by PSEG Power, which reported operating earnings of $0.54 per share compared to $0.43 per share of last year. PSE&G reported operation earnings of $0.26 per share equal to that of last year's result. Energy Holdings reported operating earning of $0.06 per share, compared to a loss of $0.02 per share from a year ago. Reduction in debt at the parent level during 2007 reduced parent company related expenses in the quarter to $0.01 per share from $0.04 per share from a year ago. We have provided you with a waterfall chart on slides 9, taking you through the net changes in year-over-year operating earnings by major business for the quarter. I'll now go through each company in more detail, starting with PSEG Power. As I said, Power reported operation earnings for the first quarter of $0.54 per share compared with $0.43 per share from a year ago. Improvement in earnings was driven by solid operations and recontracting. Improvement from the first quarter of last year included increased pricing under the February 2007 PGS generation or BGS service contract effective on June 1, 2007. Increased pricing on other hedging of our generation output as well as the introduction of PGM's [ph] reliability pricing model or RPM for capacity. We've also seen benefits and performance of our combined cycle gas generating units. Higher pricing was supplemented by a 6% increase in volume. These items amounted to $0.15 per share. The improvement in volume was experienced by PSEG power’s fossil fleet. Generation of our fossil fleet increased 18% during the first quarter. Nuclear fleet posted slow and slight decline in output. Salem number 2, 57% owned and operated by Power, began a combined refueling and steam generator replacement outage on March 11th. In spite of this outage, the nuclear fleet operated at a 94% average capacity factor during the quarter. Salem 2 is expected to return to service this month and in fact we are now targeting later this week. The unit’s operating capacity will increase by 15 megawatts upon its return to service. As a result to work associated with steam generator replacement. Power is also nearing completion of an operate [ph] at Hope Creek. The work is complete, and the approvals are in advanced stages. We expect an incremental 125 megawatts from the unit before the end of the second quarter. The improvement in pricing and volume as well as control on operating expenses more than offset the impact of higher fuel costs. Power experienced higher coal contract costs during the quarter as a result of disruptions in delivery. Tight coal market dynamics are expected to result in a 20% increase in coal costs for the full year. This level of increase is in line with the cost structure we laid out during our March 20th meeting with the financial community. Overall strong power market dynamics and operations resulted in a 16% expansion of Power's operating margins for the quarter to $51 per megawatt hour from $44 per megawatt hour. Utilization of our combined cycle fleet has improved in response to the market's pricing signals. Slide 13 provides a breakdown of production by fuel for the quarter. We're of course participating in PGM's current RPM capacity auction for the 2011, 2012 delivery year, which began yesterday. The introduction of RPM has had a positive impact on the market, forced outage rates have declined, retirements of older facilities have been delayed, and more demand side management is being bid into the market. As we move to the last of the transitional options there is an increasing opportunity for new capacity to be constructed to meet anticipated reliability requirements. And as in January, we anticipate bidding new capacity into this auction. We'll know in a couple of weeks the results of the auction including whether our new generating capacity has cleared. The improvement in Power's operating performance during the quarter was somewhat offset by difficult financial markets, which reduced the value of securities held by Power's nuclear decommissioning trust fund. This impairment in value reduced Power's earnings by $0.03 per share. Results in the quarter were also impacted by a slight decline in margin under the BGSS contract against very strong results reported in the year ago period. Warm weather, reduced demand, which more than offset the positive effect of higher natural gas prices. This resulted in a $0.01 per share decline in earnings for the quarter. The decline was offset by a mark-to-market gain of $0.01 per share. Power markets remained strong in the first quarter. There was evidence of this in New Jersey's February 2008 BGS auction. Pricing effective for the three-year period, beginning June 1, 2008, rose 12%… 12.8% to $111.50 per megawatt hour from about $99 per megawatt hour established in last year's auction. Market prices have increased since that auction. BSEG Power’s output is substantially hedged for 2008 and 2009, and remains more open to the market in 2010 and 2011. Power's EBITDA improved to $547 million for the first quarter of 2008 versus $423 million in 2007's first quarter. For the year, we continue to forecast EBITDA for Power of $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion and remain comfortable with forecasted improvement in margins through 2009. Now turning to PSE&G, PSE&G reported operating earnings for the first quarter of $0.26 per share similar to last year's level. Results were influenced by a number of factors. Weather conditions during the quarter were mild relative to both normal conditions and also those of a year ago. Degree days were 6.6% warmer than normal during the first [ph] quarter versus almost 2% colder than normal last year. Mild weather conditions hurt demand for gas and reduced earnings comparisons by $0.02 per share versus both normal and last year. PSE&G's results were also affected by an increase in operating and maintenance expenses of 2.3%, which reduced earnings comparisons by $0.01 a share. Various other items combined to reduce earnings in the quarter by another $0.01 per share. All these items were fully offset by a decline in tax rate during the quarter. PSE&G's tax rate was lower during the quarter as a result of an IRS approved refund claim for PSEG for earlier tax years. This adjustment added $0.04 per share to PSE&G's earnings. PSE&G's strong credit position enabled us to weather difficult financial markets in the first quarter. PSE&G acquired and removed from the balance sheet $494 million of tax exempt auction-rate securities as well as redeemed other higher cost debt through the issuance of short and long-term financings. As Ralph discussed, during the quarter the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, approved PSE&G's incentive rate request on its planned $600 million to $650 million [ph] investment in the 500 KV Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line. The approval came only four months after PSE&G filed its request. FERC, as part of its order, approved an increase in base return equity of 50 basis points for PSE&G’s participation in a regional transmission organization. They also approved 125 basis point incentive related increase in return on equity for the project, supported inclusion of a 100% of construction work in progress or CWIP in rate base during construction and provided the opportunity for recovery of prudently incurred capital costs if the project is canceled for reasons outside of PSE&G's control. Spending on this line we will begin the second half of 2009 with the projected in-service state of 2012. PSE&G also recently received approval from the New Jersey BPU for its $105 million solar initiative. This program will support the installation of 30 megawatts of solar capacity over two-year period. PSE&G is allowed to earn a 9.75 return on equity invested in this program. PSE&G's progress during the quarter on its regulatory and rate initiatives supports its capital programs in long-term opportunities for growth. Now finally moving on to Energy Holdings, Holdings reported operating earnings of $29 million, $0.06 per share versus a loss of $11 million or $0.02 per share during the first quarter of ‘07. Operating earnings exclude the results from SAESA, which as you know was discontinued for accounting purposes during the fourth quarter of 2007, given our announced intention to sell. The improvement in operating earnings for the quarter was largely driven by Holdings’ global subsidiary. Holdings recorded a modest mark-to-market gain in Texas of $2 million in the first quarter of 2008 as compared to a loss of $19 million in the first quarter 2007. This item improved earnings by $0.04 per share. The operating performance for the Texas generating facilities excluding the impact of mark-to-market results were in line with year ago results. Global’s earnings comparisons were also affected by asset sales, which occurred during 2007. The absence of this income in '08 reduced earnings comparisons by about $0.03 per share. Global also recorded a $0.01 per share gain in the first quarter of 2007 related to a settlement, which did not repeat itself in 2008. Also improving earnings results was a decline in interest expense of $0.02 per share. In addition, Global also experienced a one-time benefit from a reduction in taxes resulting from an IRS approved refund claim for PSEG in earlier tax years. This reduction in taxes improved Global's earnings comparisons by $0.06 per share. Earnings from Holdings’ resources subsidiary were flat against last year's results. A decline in taxes of $0.01 a share was offset by the absence of settlement related gain of an equal $0.01 a share. Holdings continues to move forward on plans to exit international businesses. As you recall, plans for the intended sale of Global's investment in the SAESA Group were announced in December 2007. We are targeting the sale to close in the third quarter of this year. Upon closing, Holdings’ international investment portfolio will be limited to three small holdings with an equity value of about $125 million. I would now like to update you on the tax situation with our leveraged leases. PSEG has been in discussion with the Office of Appeals of the IRS concerning the deductions that have been allowed for resource lease transactions that are under challenge. There have been two recent court decisions involving other entities. One case, which was on appeal, has been decided in favor of the government. The other case involves a jury verdict that is currently in dispute. Based on these developments, PSEG anticipates that absent reaching an agreement with the IRS to resolve the issue, a decision to proceed to litigation may occur in 2008. It is also possible that we'll revisit our reserve levels for these transactions in the near term and record a material change or charge to earnings. We substantially improved our financial position over the past two years through the sale of assets and a reduction in debt levels. We expect we could have $3 billion of cash available through the end of 2011 to pursue disciplined growth of our businesses through acquisition, construction of other development projects or the repurchase of common stock. It is possible, however, that the amount of cash flow required to pursue resolution of Holdings tax claims may occur sooner and may be larger than initially contemplated in our long range forecast of cash available through 2011. Management believes that any financing activity that may be required to pursue resolution of these claims can occur with a manageable impact on PSEG’s key credit measures assuming no other changes in our financing plans. Our forecast for cash available through the end of 2011 is dependent on numerous factors, which can have both positive and negative effects on the timing and the amount of cash available. These include but are not limited to the continued liquidity and strength of energy and capacity markets, the strength of markets where we're selling assets, the potential resolution of income tax claims, and the ability to deploy discretionary capital for growth. For instance, forecasted capital spending for 2008 to 2011 of $7.3 billion includes in excess of $1 billion of capital that could be labeled discretionary over this timeframe, as it may depend on regulatory support and/or our success in submitting economic proposals for new development. My last comment on cash flow will be that during the first quarter of 2008 cash from operations improved by approximately $100 million over the same period last year. The improvement is driven by our strong earnings. Excluding changes in working capital, cash from operations is approximately $140 million higher than the first quarter of 2007. A brief mention on liquidity, as of March 31, we had approximately $3.5 billion in committed credit facilities with available liquidity of approximately $2.7 billion. We continually monitor our available liquidity and believe we have sufficient capacity to meet our short-term funding and collateral requirements. Last comment I will make before I turn it over to questions, is I have seen a couple of research flash reports that have come up from this morning. As you know we don't pro forma earnings with the exception of major items, most notably sales of assets. That being said, there are three items that I would say we would not generally expect to see on a normal operating basis, and those going in both positive and negative directions. In the positive direction would be the tax issue that was, as we stated, a tax item at PSEG that produced $0.04 of benefit at PSE&G and $0.06 of benefit at Holdings. That's a positive dime in our favor. On the other side of the ledger, there is two items. One is a loss in the NDT fund. The NDT fund has generally been quite stable, but as all of you know it was a tough first quarter in the markets, so to the extent that that fund recognizes losses both unrealized as well as realized, that was a $0.03 loss or impairment in the NDT fund that's something we normally not expect to see and the other more typical utility business is $0.02 of weather. So, in terms of items that we would normally potentially not expect to see in our ongoing business, $0.10 positive for taxes offset by a nickel on the negative NDT in weather. So, net-net a positive nickel. With that I think I will open up to questions.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Great. Operator? Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instruction]. One moment please for the first question. And our first question comes from line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: On the LILO and SILO levers leased issue, could you give us a feel for what the total exposure is and how much you guys have reserved for? And then just in general what the two court cases were that have caused you guys to sort of look at this in someway?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, it's Tom speaking. The total exposures of, well over a $1 billion as we disclosed in our 10-Ks and 10-Qs on a regular basis, I believe it’s $1.1 billion $900 million for taxes on a couple of hundred in interest. And that's as we have done in our Qs and Ks for some period of time, we update that each Q or K. In terms of our reserve, we did take a modest reserve and I would got to not go into more description other than that, but when FIN 48 was adopted in the first quarter of 2007, there were tax reserves at Holdings. Some of those were international items, some of those were leasing related items at resource when you go back and see that in the first quarter of 2007. I would rather not get into too much discussion of characterizing other cases or providing editorial line, but at least the two I referenced, the one appeal was the BB&T appeal in the fourth circuit and that they have lost on a… they have lost the case, they had appealed it and a panel of judges, three judges I believe recently ruled in favor of the government. That was we can have two weeks ago, something like that. And the other one on the BB&T... BB&T, Bill, Bill and Tom.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's a South Eastern bank I believe. And then the other is Fifth Third a Midwestern bank that was a jury trail and that was actually quite a confusing verdict, the jury was asked three questions and their answers at least in one case supported the tax payer and the other supported the government apparently in a contradictory fashion, but beyond that I shouldn't get into legal characterization, but that was much more confusing. We continue to think that our cases are based upon sound tax opinion at the time the fact that they are energy related facilities that we do have an ability to earn on and we feel we have some of the good facts in our case, but nevertheless we need to take note of things that are happening in the environment around us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Tom just a follow-up on that real quick. As you guys look at the potential reserve, will that be the kind of the $1.1 billion of liability net whatever you reserved so far, could all... potentially all that cash would have to be set aside at some point in time this year or is that cash reserving still an '09 event [inaudible]?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Dan. I'd say that's the maximum, that's the maximum exposure. As I said, we believe that we have good facts on our side. If we went to court, we would generally go to court for the years that have been through audit. And we're not too far away from closing out our '03 audit. Right now, we've got, up to '01 is closed. So we are... probably in mid-summer, we will close in on our '03. So to the extent that any specific issue would be on years that had been through audit. To the extent that there were settlement discussions you may've broaden those tax years, but the number that we've always provided in our Ks and Qs are maximum exposure.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: So the $1.1 billion would be... that's the entire life of assets, not just the audit years?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. No, that's up to this point for tax benefits we've have taken, sorry.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: So that would be up to current or up to 2001, sorry?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The $1.1 billion is up to first quarter of 2008. If you look back at our Qs, it grows each Q.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. I just want to make sure I understood that. Thank you.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I am sorry it wasn’t clear.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: One more just on the tax rate, what should we think about for the full-year tax rate for the next three quarters in kind of a normalized rate given the help in the first quarter?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think that the dime as we said is something related to refund from prior years. Going forward we expect it to be in the normal 38%, 40%.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you guys.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with SAC Capital. Please go ahead.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning. Tom, I just wanted to go a little bit on the hedging for Power. If I am right, the gross margin was equal to what it was in the fourth quarter of last year. So, am I correct, we should expect this number to creep up, is the creeping up going to happen more in the last half of the year versus the first half? I am just trying to follow, if I am right, you have a margin for the year of 56, 57 or something around that range... how the average will move up over the year?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's fair Ashar if you look at what we showed in our presentation on March 20, we did show it increasing. It is generally stronger in the second part of the year. The biggest move is obviously the BGS [inaudible] comes in on June 1 and that replaces a $65, $66. So that's the biggest step change. Other than that, we... for Power that we've sold outside of the BGS will have a rolling program to sell forward and those generally committed modestly higher prices just as the markets expanded over the last couple of years. But the biggest one-time piece is the BGS on 11 versus 65, 66 that starts June 1.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then any if I can just follow-up on the next question, the up rate at February [ph], is it Hope Creek which was to be the summer effective, is that still on track?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes it is, Ashar. This is Ralph. We've been through the NRC’s, ACRS committee and received their approval. We are expecting NRC action sometime this month, we've done the physical testing required to actually execute that. We would have a fuel rate adjustment pattern that we would need to execute, but we are still expecting it to be complete by the end of the second quarter.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Hi, thanks. Two questions, one, you said I guess, in your presentation that you would decide whether or not to proceed with litigation with the other alternative be a potential settlement with the IRS in that proceeding?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Paul, that's fair. We maybe we went through quickly, but we did say that we have had... we've been having some discussions with the services.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then the second question is… the state I think still has an outstanding issue on the water discharge permit for Salem. Can you give us a sense of the timing of any decisions that the state would make with respect to basically specifying any conditions that they would require as part of the discharge permit, in other words would you expect that to happen in 2008 or could that happen periodically over the next several years?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul there has been a development in that area. This is Ralph. That's makes it difficult to give you a timeframe. And you are maybe aware that within the last six weeks, the US Supreme Court did agree to hear the appeal of the Riverkeeper decision and I believe that the appeal will be more than likely to hit sometime in the fall. And so at this point I would rather not project a timing as to what that means for 316 (b) rulemaking at EPA or DEP.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: But you, I guess, like… so would you expect that to result in a delay in the state or do you... would you expect the state to sort of continue down whatever path they would have continued anyway?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I would expect that's the result of the delay in the state.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rudy Tolentino with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: I know on the press you have talked about building 400 megawatts of peakers in New Jersey, is that still on track and can you just kind of give me an idea of what the go no-go decisions [inaudible] RPM auction or you are going to just build it?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Rudy, it is Tom. It is very much on track, the 300 to 400 megawatt range, we look to the RPM auctions as the center point of the go-no-go decision with the RPM auction for a 11, 12 going on as we speak. We are making proposals submitting or bidding new capacity, I guess is the right term, we are bidding new capacity from at least one site into the current RPM auction. So, see how we do.
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: All right. And with regard to the nuclear decommissioning thought, the $0.03, I take it that’s unrealized and that every quarter any changes of the fund will be reflected in earning. Is that correct or is it wrong?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. It is… the accounting rules changed last year and so any unrealized losses get flow through immediately, prior before that there is a window six or nine months that we had. But is now instantaneous and so with the toughest quarter that you all know better than I do in the market is generally we had a $0.03 decline. That being said, there is still a positive unrealized net position in the fund of little over 100 million bucks. So that as you look at tracking it in the future, we would still expect that the NDT fund in normal markets to be positive to be neutral or maybe a couple of cents positive.
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Okay thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from the line of Leslie Rich from Columbia Management. Please go ahead.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Good morning. Tom, can we go back to a comment you made about CapEx, as you look at your 2008 to 2011 CapEx budget of $7.3 billion you said?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: You said… you said that some of that was discretionary or perhaps I just wanted to elaborate on what you meant there, did you mean you could choose not suspended or delay the spending or you had flexibility around that? What did you mean?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a little of both, and just a fair question, the 7.3 is consistent with what we have had before in our industrial presentation. The billion... if you think about the large chunks, there is about $500 million in there. This is capital between now and ‘11, but $500 million in there for at Power and that's our 300 megawatts to 400 megawatts of peakers in New Jersey and I guess [inaudible] worthy in terms of our… whether we are successful in RPM. And I think it's public that we are pursuing a peaker in Connecticut as part of a Utility Commission bid up there. So, that would be about $500 million. That would be empowering. That's all conditioned upon success in RPM and or the Connecticut process, would take the process quite competitive. The other piece then would be at Holdings. We do have a little over $300 million net of investments and therefore renewable. That's away from any renewable to be done at utility, that’s solar and perhaps some win that's obviously a business we are building and we are only going to make those investments if they are in our strategic areas in a core way we are comfortable and obviously that they have good financial returns. So, that's obviously in the discretionary basket and then the last is part of our investments at the utility. Certainly few hundred million, AMI is the largest and I think as we outlined, [inaudible] did our investor presentation large discretionary investment such as that at the utility we will only invest in if we are comfortable that we get fair and timely great relief on that. So, there is probably $0.5 billion at the utilities, would fall on that basket.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay and if you do on the leases if you do decide to litigate, is that something that likely would take years or because there is some President in terms of legal decision or is it impossible to handicap?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The President out there... and there is actually… I have mentioned a couple of President of folks who have... who had news out recently, there is a President... a case that may get heard later this year from some within our sector. That being said even with President it's probably about two or three years.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If we were to go on litigation our case would probably be as just as you walk you through the court system is probably about two to three years.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shalini Mahajan from UBS. Please go ahead.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Thanks and good morning. Tom, just quick question for you, the [inaudible] from tax refunds of a dime in first quarter, was this anticipated in your guidance?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We had anticipated something. This would be a larger… a larger number than we had anticipated.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. And another question for Ralph, one of the ideas that New Jersey's draft Energy Master plan has floated is... that for State Power Authority or some kind of a public private partnerships to build some new power plants in New Jersey. Could you give your thoughts on that as to what form or shape that can take?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that, as we read the current draft, Shalini, the Power Authority appears to be significantly downplayed in it. And there is in conversations with policy makers in the state, I think an increased amount of emphasis being placed upon, what are the existing authority... what are the existing capabilities of state agencies to affect some of the climate change and energy goals of the Governor. So, there is... my sense is there is much greater dialog nowadays about coordination of policy across agencies and the agencies working together and more consistently to line up environmental and energy goals rather than going to a brand new entity.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. Do you think it can take a form like in Connecticut where utilities could be allowed to... on kicking [ph] asset, is that part of the discussion mix at all?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess what I am saying is candidly as I can is I don't think it's a high probability of taking any form.
Shalini Mahajan – UBS: Okay.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there is more of a probability of the BPU, and the EBA, and DEP, working in tandem to fund energy efficiency through existing programs or low interest loans and there is really an effort underway to steer clear of adding to state budgetary responsibilities or creation of new agencies.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. And when do you expect the final energy master plan, did you give a timeframe on that?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. The current schedule cost were to be made final in the fourth quarter of this year.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instruction]. We do have a follow up question from the line Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi guys.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The... just to go back to the new build question. If I understood your answer, it seems like it's depended on what happens actually at the RPM auction whether or not you guys go forward in audits, is that correct?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We look at new... we look at new peakers. We assess what's a reasonable… our RPM level for them and we bid in that number accordingly. But obviously our RPM gives you a year, but it's an asset with 20, 30 years of life, so there is somewhat of a mismatch there, but at least that's the primary thing we look to for go-no-go decisions.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, is it possible that you guys could tell us what the… what you are looking for in terms of that number? Or just any sort of general market outlook because [inaudible] decision with respect to became leading and perhaps those units being bid into it, what have you or for is it more or less the situation?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I should stay away Paul from anything that would reflect our numbers. I would say that just in general our position relative to some other people, we are well positioned due to we are bidding [inaudible] sites. They are in good locations where power would be needed, to the extent that PJM would be having sub pockets, which is not the case this time, but to the extent they would be smaller focused pockets. We would be in the right spot, but there are still escalating costs as you all know in the sector for new bill for hardware and transmission cost to be able to connecting in the PJM system can still provide some incremental cost. So, with that being said, I would rather not get into specific market clearing numbers that we have bid, the overall market I believe is down a little bit I think it's down more into the 150 area, something like that area but we are not... I am not sitting on the desk on a day-to-day basis but, it is down somewhat from the last clear as I understand it, some of may be some issues around the [inaudible], we generally stayed away from trying to predict the RPM on a year-to-year basis and our confidence and belief in the market is based on the long-term fundamentals that got the right assets in a right place and we continue to see it tightening of supply and demand and at premium on our environmental.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So, it's a critical issue, but it isn't necessarily the only issue that you are looking at terms to make your determination?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I said we look at new peakers and we think they are needed and we got the right spot to put them. In terms of whether we do it this year or next year I say that timing decision is primarily based upon the RPM outcome. If we got them ready there we got numbers in the bidding, if they clear, we are happy to build them, the team is ready . If they don't clear, we would except to not build them and then bid again next year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, then just a follow up on the heat rate decline that we have seen I was just wondering if you guys -- any comments from sort of market perspective, what you are seeing there, what your thoughts are in terms of the… be it the follow up that we saw in the last couple months, just any thoughts at all?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No it’s hard to… it’s hard to understand it frankly when you look at the fundamentals. I mean gas has gone up a lot . Gas has gone up a couple of bucks. We have seen coal prices come up too. But, of course from our standpoint 75%, 80% of our output is coal and nuke, so our long-term value our open EBITDA is largely driven by gas versus nuke and coal. Spark has come down I'm not sure we could fully explain it, but we would expect from a fundamental standpoint it took trend back up.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah Paul, I think that while we know there is a good correlation between gas and power prices it is not perfect. And we've had some pretty rapid movement in gas prices. So, it remains to be seen whether or not energy prices having kept up or whether or not gas prices have over shot and there will be an adjustment to turn back to more fundamentals as Tom said supply and demand is... it will ultimately dictate what that spread looks like.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And just any feeling on the economy in New Jersey, just generally speaking very briefly just sort of what you're... what we are seeing there? I know industrial sales were down, but just anything out there?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We've seen electric sales in the first quarter to be as expected. Gas sales were slightly off, the models try to weather normalize, I don't want to pretend that we have that down to an exact science. So it's a little tough to say how much of that was the weather and how much was the economy. But I look... so I don't think we're seeing it in sales volumes per say, but we are beginning to see it from customer payment patterns. So we are just seeing a little bit of an increase in working capital needs as day sales outstanding increases at the utility level.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thanks a lot.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Any other questions Operator?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Travor from Ducane [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Tom. Hi Ralph and Kathleen. Just a question on a slide 13, especially as it relates to the heat rate discussion. We looked in the quarter your gas fired generation what I can tell is up 466,000 mega... 466 gigawatt hours and just trying to understand if that is, with a counter for that I think you mentioned that weather was actually down year-over-year, what is the utilization that you've got historically out of your gas plants and what is the utilization that you expect going forward and are the actual heat rates that you're seeing in the spot market and the actual spark spreads where these assets are clearing in line with this compressed deferred forward curve or not? Thank you.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jack, I will take a crack at least part of that. We have generally seen our gas asset, the capacity factor on our gas assets moving up. And the two big benchmarks we look at is Bergen. It's just north of Giants Stadium in Linden. It's also probably in the North and probably in Central New Jersey at least from a connection standpoint. So we've seen those move up. Bergen gets to a higher dispatch [ph] we have seen moving up from a 30% range up into the 40%, 45% range. And I think that's just a demand growth, they are on the margin, they're in the right locations and those would be the assets, they are both a few years old, those would be the assets that we would expect to get dispatched more, in fact when we built them that was our expectation.
Unidentified Analyst: And that 30% to 45%, is occurring over the last couple of years or is that?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think if we look back two years ago, I would probably say it was 20% to 30%, it's now in the... probably 40-ish, 30% to 50% zone and we expect it to move up probably 5% to 10% a year. Linden has been the one that we've seen move up the most, frankly with Linden has been on line now, about two or three years. When it started out it was probably around 20% and that's now moving probably up into the 35%, 40%. So that's the one that is that's got the most notable move. In terms of spark spreads, Jack, it’s a little hard because as you know it’s... during this part of the season, it’s not a big spark season. I would say that last year in the fourth quarter we did see a nice move up in realized spark. We saw spark holding up, we did see it coming down, especially came down in the last month but gas shot up 2 bucks. So it's a little hard to assess whether there's an absolute pricing that’s driving some of that. We have seen it move up a little bit again over the last few weeks. But it’s quite volatile, as you look over the last couple of months, it probably moved from mid-teens to low-20s.
Unidentified Analyst: Given the math and how it works, can the markets still clear on a fundamental basis at a lower heat rate, which given the relationship to gas can still equate to a healthy enough spark to sort of dispatch business i.e., should there naturally be some almost inverse relationship between heat rate and spark and natural gas i.e., if gas goes to 12 or 13 whatever you can create a fat enough spark at a lower heat rate or the heat rate [inaudible] and that’s what we ought to focus on, you seem them settling?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, there is a lot of moving parts. Don’t forget there are fuels that can be competitive and other demand side management pieces they can move in when gas really gets up there. So it's probably longer.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Just second question just on coal, you had mentioned some contract issues, I wasn't sure if that was anything worth delving into or not, or was it small?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: They were things that we had awareness of and that we factored into our discussions on March 20th. It was really two things, it was a domestic mine that had a forced measure issue that was down in Appalachia. That's now being resolved, because it was an issue for coal deliveries for us in the first quarter. And then there was some importation of coal that we did have some issues with that caused the price in fact. It was manageable but meaningful enough that they moved us up to that 20% number. We are already in the teens, but those two moved us up in the 20% number in terms of escalation of coal costs from last year to this.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Is they're anything going forward or do you think it was all encapsulated in '08?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think as far as we... the mine is back in our... the coal we are importing is comfortably flowing. So we are comfortable where we are, but coal is a volatile commodity. So you got to keep your eye on it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then last question, just on the leases, what is... can you remind me what the significance is of the investments, the assets, underlying the leases being energy related, is it the assets that have to be energy related or is it the company, the tax payer that has to be within the energy industry or...?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's more of the latter, there is economic substance, there is business purpose and there is... yes, there is fundamental rational for our involvement in those assets that we believe, a) it was probably the reason why we went into them. But it also would give us a stronger case we believe.
Unidentified Analyst: So there is nothing specific to the energy industry, it's whether or not if there is economic substance to investment, whether it's consistent with your overall business?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. If you are investing in investments that are part that are related to your core business.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just remind me there was, are all your investments are energy related or some transportation related, they are all energy related right?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's Kathleen is going to say your last question. All of the issues that would be subject to question are energy related.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you, so much.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: And 95% plus of resources portfolio is energy related.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, so much.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Jack. Operator next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Levy [ph] with Bancorp. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good mornings guys. Can you hear me?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andy.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a couple of questions, just back on this whole tax issue that people have been discussing, how quickly does that number grow, can you say it has been growing and it grows every quarter. Can you give us any idea... how quickly that grows?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably, yes, 150 to 200 a year.
Unidentified Analyst: A year, so, conceivably yet to grow and if you were actually in a...court dispute does that number grow as well or is it or do they put a freeze on it?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, of course over time, it’s a passage of time. Now it really grows because you have taken it as options.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then on the accounting side of it I assume your accountants have some type of opinion that's why you are talking about taking a reserve, is there a rule of thumb that we can kind of gauge then type of reserve that you have to take based on what your accountants have told you?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, if it gets into some details, flow chart for FIN 48. So it gets into a sequence of expectations of events and events based upon events. And actually that you get a headache. But I think the point we are trying to make is that we continue to believe in the strength of our cases, but given a couple of events that have happened in two other places that causes us to go back and will cause us to go back and reassess the level of our reserves. Other than that Andy it’s very hard to characterize, generalize and I should really stay away from that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and just based on your statement in your press release, you talked about the $3 billion that you have, possibly you earmarked to a stock buy back or new investments or whatever. But you also make a caveat that this could lower that amount, is that the way to read that is that, am I understanding that correctly? That's the way I read it but I don't know I am reading or interpreting it correctly?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think the way to read that is that there is a number of things that go into that $3 billion. Obviously we have got our normal operations, the strength of the markets, the energy and capacity markets. The $3 billion is after a fair amount of CapEx, some of that is quite mandatory or required as part of the ongoing business. But as I clarified for Leslie over a $1 billion of that is discretionary. So the extent we did not pursue some of that billion then the $3 billion would be larger. If we did have a material settlement or reason to pay taxes in the near term that in and of itself would reduce the three. That because of our strong position from a credit standpoint, such funding could be part of the three, could also be from some incremental financing given the strength of our balance sheet. That being said, not they want to comment at that $3 billion number is one that we feel strongly about and to the extent that leasing does put pressure on that we will work to find other recovery plans around the company.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Tom hit it right on the head. I mean we just want to make sure the folks were aware that there have been some activity on these cases outside of our firm and that was a change, but we have substantial flexibility within our financing capability going forward and we don't want every quarter, redo the whole full year business plan. There are a variety of puts and takes that one has to look at including strength of markets in which we are engaged in asset sales, strength of markets in which we are bidding BGS supply and various other things. So...
Unidentified Analyst: In that full-year business plan, what are the things that you are looking at again just looking at, possibly the brake up of the utility and the power generation part of the company or not?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We look at those strategic options on a regular basis, but it's not the first question I ask myself when I come in the morning, if...
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Andy.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Andy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. You touched upon this a little bit about deploying some of your cash going forward for funding the reserve. Can you sort of elaborate a little bit more on if you were to tap financing needs for external financing, where would you do it in terms of debt financing, [inaudible]?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, you are going ahead of us a little bit. I would say that the extent to our tax issues that largely... I was looking [ph] from investment and holdings, we can holdings as good value. Most notably we expect to be… SAESA has a book value around the $500 million range and that process that’s in the second round is going quite well. And beyond that there is obviously other… this leverage capacity at Holdings and we have talk about before most notably taxes, whether that be optimal place to do, whether we would look to other place around the company that's something that we haven't... we are a long way from having any conclusive thoughts.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just to confirm, you do it consistent with some of the metrics that any funding you do would be consistent with your targets that you laid out in your March presentation?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We are in terms… yes.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Yes. Thanks.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That’s fair.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lenwen Lindrof with Pinko [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. I have another question on this IRS tax liability. If there is an obligation ultimately would you expect Energy Holdings to manage on own or would you expect the rest of the company to help support any kind of liability that might come due?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I would probably go back to what I said I think that we would look to Holdings as being the primary funder of it and that's size of value, this equity value in the company it has a leverage capacity. Whether that’s the optimal place to do it at the end of the day. We have to see that's... we are far from that point, we are far from having a... any kind of strong view of timing and a number. Really our purpose here is to make sure that folks are aware that to the extent we have said before that this is more likely to be many years. There is a chance it could be near term. So, we look to Holdings and beyond that it’s in the.. more structural questions [inaudible] at this point.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator we have any…
Unidentified Analyst: And you referred back to the $3 billion of cash available. I guess that portion that you are thinking, might go towards the obligation is coming from Energy Holding.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's fair, part of the cash flow that would come, that would roll up to that 3 would be value at holdings, the most notable piece is the size of proceeds or at least the proportion of the size of proceeds.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: And a portion of the discretionary.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And yes. And the ongoing discretionary piece.
Unidentified Analyst: And could you please just lay out what is your cash and liquidity at Energy Holdings?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have that in our... in our Q at the end, that we have a facility of $150 million. It’s only modestly drawn, we have a couple of LC on it, but we have got very, generally good liquidity at Holdings for the normal basis, I think we got $20 million drawn out of the $150 million. And cash is generally around the $50 million to $100 million range. I haven't got the quarter end number with me.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more question this afternoon.
Operator: Perfect. We will go to the line of Lisa Hadeful with Polygram Investments [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Sorry to be on this again, but just wanted to clarify with the tax issue, the balance the $1billion balance has nothing do with finishing out audits post 2003. Is this an going trend to correct the total exposure and has nothing to do with completing any more audits?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's true. The $1.1 billion would be for tax benefits taken to date, to date being March of 2008. We have been through, and that’s that we have taken. We have been through audits and will have been through audits. And not in the too distant future for ’03. So that would be a smaller number.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just finally, any major changes to your open EBITDA guidance? I guess you guys refreshed it in March, any update to that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, other than we gave you, I think some numbers in there that were reflected back in our presentation. Energy markets are generally stronger, capacity markets will see what comes out of the RPM in a week or so.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We stated with the assumption where we gave you rule of thumb of what changes would imply.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, very much.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. I think that will conclude. We have little bit past noon and I don’t want to interfere with any one else in this call today.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference call for today, you may disconnect and thank you for participating.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen A. Lally - VP, IR Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and CEO Thomas M. O'Flynn - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Advisors Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors John Kiani - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2007 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Friday, February 1st, 2008; and will be available for telephone replay beginning at 1:00 PM Eastern today until 1:00 PM Eastern on February 8, 2008. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website, at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings conference call this morning. I just want to go over some of the regulatory requirements. We released our fourth quarter 2007 and full year 2007 earnings statement this morning. In case you have not seen them, or received a copy, the release and the associated accounting attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the Investor section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results for the quarter. We expect to file our full year 2007 10-K at the end of February. So let me just briefly review our disclaimer statement with regard to our earnings guidance before turning the call over to Ralph Izzo and Tom O'Flynn. Should be aware that the statements contained in this communication about our and our subsidiary's future performance including, without limitations, future revenues, earnings, strategies, prospects, and all other statements that are not purely historical, are forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although we believe that our expectations are based on information currently available and on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance they will be achieved. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made herein. A discussion of some of these risks and uncertainties is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website. These documents address and further detail our business, industry issues and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in this communication. In addition, any forward-looking statements included herein represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time-to-time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, unless otherwise required. In the body of our earnings release, you will see that we provided a table that reconciles net income to operating earnings. We believe this format improves the readability of the release and provides the required reconciliation between the GAAP terms, net income and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP term, operating earnings. The attachments with the press release provide the reconciliation to each of our major businesses. Operating earnings exclude the net impact of certain asset sales during the periods presented. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing results for all of our businesses. We exclude such costs that we can better compare our current period results with prior or future periods. Thank you. And with that, I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph Izzo and Tom O'Flynn. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kathleen. Good morning. I join Kathleen and add my thank you for participating in our earnings call this morning. We have excellent news to report. The very strong results for the fourth quarter of 2007 closed out an exceptional year for PSEG. Operating earnings for the fourth quarter of '07 increased to $1.09 per share from $0.54 per share reported for the fourth quarter one year ago. This brought operating earnings for the full year 2007 to $5.41 per share from $3.45 per share. If the $3.45 number isn't familiar, it's because we've taken the results for '06 and restated them to reflect discontinued operations. Our operating earnings for 2007 were at the upper end of our guidance, despite excluding those operating earnings... despite excluding some earnings businesses such as SAESA that are being accounted for as discontinued operations given our plans to sell. The results for the quarter and the year were driven by PSEG Power and PSE&G. In addition to our strong earnings performance, 2007 was a year of many, many accomplishments. We resumed independent operation of our nuclear facilities. We reduced international lists with the sale of a majority of our Latin American assets. We improved the balance sheet with the substantial reduction and debt as apparent and subsidiary companies. We kept our focus on operations and reliability, as evidenced by PSE&G winning the Mid-Atlantic Reliability One Award for the sixth year in a row. We initiated several programs to improve the operating efficiency of our equipment with an eye toward reducing our carbon emissions. We have expanded our efforts to craft solutions to State of New Jersey's energy requirements. We committed to expanding our transmission system. And we are looking to invest in new generating capacity. These efforts have required tremendous focus on the part of PSEG employees as we also underwent a successful re-staffing of our organization. In short, we solidified our operations, delivered on our financial promises, and greatly reduced the market and financial risks, thereby positioning ourselves for a bright future. Our results for 2007 were strongly influenced by favorable energy markets and the benefits of rate relief granted to PSE&G in the fourth quarter of 2006. We expect financial performance in 2008 to benefit from continued favorable energy markets. We are maintaining our 2008 operating earnings guidance of $5.60 to $6.10 per share. This forecast represents, at the mid-point, an 8% improvement over record earnings in 2007. On a post split basis, our guidance would obviously be $2.80 to $3.05 per share. Our confidence in 2008 was demonstrated by two recent actions by our Board of Directors: its decision to raise our common stock dividend by 10% in the first quarter, and the declaration of a 2-for-1 stock split for the shareholders. The stock split will be effective on February 5th. The increase in the quarterly common dividend to $0.3225 per share on a post-split basis will be paid to holders on March 10th at the end of the month. The increase in the quarterly dividend brings the full year common dividend rate to a $1.29 per share on a post-split basis. Now we enter 2008 with a continued focus on operational excellence. This focus will encompass our approach to a steam generator replacement plan for Salem Unit 2 this spring. As well as the work associated with the Hope Creek upgrade to be accomplished by mid-year. PSE&G's focus on operating efficiency, at a minimum, helps reassure customers of our desire to provide them with the most cost affective service. This corporate-wide effort on maintaining operational focus will be complemented by an assessment of opportunities for investment, given a greatly improved balance sheet. PSE&G will be working with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to define the role it will play in meeting the state's climate change driven energy goals. And PSEG Power is proceeding with efforts to expand its peaking generating fleet as it also explores opportunities to expand its presence in its target markets, either with new or existing assets. Our asset base, market conditions and the focus of our employees will influence our results. We closed out 2007 on a strong note and we are looking forward to the challenges that 2008 will bring. I will turn the call over now to Tom O'Flynn.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Ralph, and thanks to all joining us this morning. As Ralph said, we are very pleased to report that PSEG recorded fourth quarter operating earnings of $1.09 per share versus $0.54 per share for the fourth quarter of 2007. As you see in slide 9, all businesses posted meaningful improvements in the fourth quarter. The improvement was led by PSEG Power, which reported operating earnings at $0.80 per share compared to $0.40 per share followed by 20% increase in PSE&G's operating earnings to $0.30 a share from $0.25 per share. Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of $0.06 per share compared with an operating loss of a $0.05 a share a year ago. For the full year, Power's earnings were up 83% to $3.73 a share from $2.04 per share. PSE&G's earnings grew by 42% to $1.48 per share from $1.04 per share, and Holdings earnings declined to $0.45 per share from $0.63 per share of a year ago. We provided you with the waterfall charts on slide 11 and 12 taking you through the net changes in the year-over-year operating earnings by major business for both the quarter and the full year, respectively. I will now go through each company in detail. As I mentioned, Power reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.80 per share for the quarter compared with $0.40 per share of a year ago. This improvement in earnings was driven by re-contracting into a stronger market. The quarter benefited from an increase in pricing under the February 2007 BGS contract that was effective on June 1st of 2007. Increased pricing on other contracting of our generation output as well as the introduction of PJM's reliability pricing model or RPM. We have also seen an expansion into the market heat rate, which benefited from the performance of our combined cycle cash generating units. These items all totaled to $0.32 a share. Higher pricing more than offset a decline in volume from the nuclear fleet for the quarter. A 33 day refueling outage, that powers a 100% owned Hope Creek facility reduced the nuclear fleet capacity factor for the quarter to 83.6% versus 95.9% a year ago, resulting in a full year of capacity factor of 91.4%, only slightly below our forecast capacity factor of the year, which was 92%. Higher prices for generation and a control on expenses led to a 34% improvement in Power's operating margins for the quarter to $51 per megawatt hour and $38 per megawatt hour. For the full year, numbers are similar; Power's margins expanded 32% to $50 per megawatt hour from $38 per megawatt hour. A positive sign of tighter markets has been an expansion in the market's heat rate. This has lead to improved utilization of our combined cycle fleet. The slide on page 17 provides the breakdown of production by fuel for the quarter and the year. Utilization of our peaking and combined cycle fleet has responded to the market's pricing signals. We expect to see results from the January 2008 auction of capacity under PJM's reliability pricing model later today. The introduction of pricing on capacity has had a positive influence on the market. Forced outage rates have decline, retirements of older facilities had been delayed and more DSM, or Demand Side Management, is being bid into the market. We also learned later today, if the bid we submitted for new capacity at an existing site to start commercial operations in June 2010 cleared in this January auction. We plan to participate in the upcoming May auction for the 2011, 2012 delivery year. As we are in midst of finalizing analysis associated with adding up to 300- to 400 megawatts of new peaking capacity into our system for total cost of approximately 250 million to 350 million. The fourth quarter also benefited from higher BGSS margins, and improvement in commodity pricing supported BGSS sales and margins. For the quarter, earnings in the BGSS contract added $0.06 per share to earnings. Now, moving onto PSE&G; PSE&G reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $0.30 per share compared with $0.25 per share from a year ago. The improvement in results was driven by a number of factors. Higher gas and electric margins associated with the rate settlement implemented in November 2006 added $0.04 per share to the year-over-year improvement. PSE&G's results also benefited from return to more normal weather versus warmer than normal conditions experienced during 2006's fourth quarter this added $0.06 per share to earnings. Activity on a number of constructive regulatory fronts picked up in the fourth quarter. We continue to invest in systems to improve operating efficiency and explore the most cost effective meanings of reducing carbon. In December, we unveiled new carbon abatement programs designed to help our customers save energy, reduce their bills, and in the process reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Also in December, we announced plans to deploy and test the advanced metering infrastructure technologies, easier said, AMI. We are helpful of hearing shortly from the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities on the 100 million solar initiative filed in April, 2007. The results of these initiatives will help perform the direction of future programs and investments. PSE&G also filed a request with the FERC to include in rate base construction work-in-progress on its planned $600 million to $650 million investments in the 500KV Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line. As part of its request, PSE&G is seeking incentives in its authorized return equity for the projects. Spending on this line will begin in earnest during 2009 with a projected in-service date of 2012. Now turning to PSEG Energy Holdings; Holdings reported operating earnings of 15 million, $0.06 per share versus an operating loss of 14 million or $0.05 per share during the fourth quarter of 2006. Results for the fourth quarter were largely influenced by a decline in spark spreads, and recognition of mark-to-market gain of the $8 million associated with the long-term contract held by Global's Texas generating assets versus the $15 million mark-to-market loss booked in the 2006 fourth quarter. This reversal improved reported earnings by $0.06 per share while those results also benefited from a decline in O&M expenses at Texas of a $0.01 a share. The operating income from resources declined $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter. This primarily reflects an increase in tax expense and some other items, which offset lower financing costs. Holdings had a busy quarter from a transactional standpoint. Holdings sold its interest in electro and diesel [ph] for $284 million, $220 million after tax. Also closed on the sale of its interest in Chilquinta and Luz del Sur in December for $685 million or $490 after tax. We also hired Credit Suisse to advise us on the sales of SAESA. As a result SAESA's operations have been classified as discontinued operations. The proceeds from these asset sales allowed Holdings to announce an early redemption of 400 million of 10% notes scheduled to mature in 2009. And to make 100 million deposit with the IRS. Again certain tested tax liabilities to mitigate the accrual of deficiency interest. Holdings was also able to provide Enterprise with a dividend of $210 million. Holdings has substantially restructured its balance sheet. Following the January 2008 redemptions of 400 million of 10% debt maturing in 2009 and payment of the February 2008 maturity of $207 million of eight-and-five-eight senior notes, the only issue of debt securities that Holdings will have outstanding is $530 million of 8.5% senior notes due in 2011. With a reduction in the number of holders of Energy Holding securities following all these redemptions, we have filed a notice under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 of our intention to terminate Holdings' registration and financial reporting requirements. We do, however, plan to post regular financial reports for Energy Holdings including annual audited financial statements to our website and to maintain credit ratings with no plans to change Energy Holdings credit profile. Also all the information related to Holdings that is material to PSEG will be disclosed as part of PSEG's quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K. Couple of comments on Enterprise; subsidiary companies provided Enterprise with dividends of $560 million in the fourth quarter. This distribution coupled with cash on hand supported the reduction in debt at the Enterprise level of $709 million during the fourth quarter bringing the total reduction for the year to approximately $1.1 billion. We are, as Ralph indicated, maintaining our 2008 operating earnings guidance of $5.60 to $6.10 per share. On a post-split basis, this would be $2.80 to $3.05 per share. Our guidance for '08 represents an 8% increase in 2007's operating earnings using the midpoint of the range. PSEG Power will be the primary driver of expecting improvement in earnings. A full year higher prices from the February 2007 BGS option, re-pricing of the 2005 contract in the upcoming BGS option, and a full year capacity pricing represent the support behind these improvements. Our results will also benefit from a decline of financing cost at the Enterprise level. The strength in these areas will more than offset the potential for a nominal decline of the operating earnings of PSEG and a loss of operating earnings at Holdings. The sale assets are global as well the normal decline in the earnings profile of resources. The operating earnings picture at Holdings reflects the absence of earnings from SAESA for the full as it is being reported as discontinued operations without the benefit of return on cash proceeds and the potential sale of SAESA for most of the year. The improvement in our balance sheet, the strength of our cash flow and our outlook for 2008 all provided support to the Board's recent decision to raise the common dividend by 10% to an indicated annual rate of $2.58 per share or $1.29 on a post-split basis. The new dividend rate represents a 44% payout ratio for a forecast of 2008 operating earnings. It's in the middle of the range of 40% to 50% for dividend payoff, which provides the flexibility for growth and investment. Lastly, we hope that you all will be able to join us in New York on March 20th; when like last year, we will make a full half day presentation to the financial community addressing operations, our outlook and a number of other issues. At this point, Ralph and I are now ready for any questions.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, can you queue up the questions?
Operator: Thank you.
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ashar Khan of SAC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning, congratulations. Tom, I just wanted to... if I go to the income statement, which is attachment five; the operating income of PEG Power is 1680 and if I add the depreciation that... for $140 million, I get to 1820 EBITDA. And I wanted to make sure if I am doing apples-to-apples that $2.6 billion EBITDA, which was the high open EBITDA that you have mentioned at the EEI presentation. Is that a comparable number with the 1820 EBITDA that was reported for the year 2007?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Ashar. Good morning and that's all correct. The EEI in the fall, we had an open EBITDA, I think it was $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion, so you are using the high end of that range of $2.6 billion, but that's $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion apples-to-apples. And at the time I believe we didn't... I believe we said that we thought that our '07 number would be about $1.8 billion. So your math of $1.82 billion is exactly correct.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then if I can end up as a follow-up question; you mentioned that the BGS margins would probably decline to a normal level. What is the normal level?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I am sorry, BGSS.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Yeah, BGSS, sorry...
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's probably a few cents lower than that.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Something between '06 and '07.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Rounding between '06 and '07. And Tom, just clarification; the open EBITDA assumes the higher output once the scrubbers are put in into the facilities or no.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Somewhat, we really don't get those that full impact until 10/11.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. So this is a more than
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is a modest amount for that. I think we do assume a normal coal capacity factor. If you saw last year our coal capacity factor was a little bit down relative to '06. We would assume a return to full coal capacity factor, which we can get some way back in '08, but we can't get fully back and beyond until that work is down.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: I appreciate. Thank you very much, sir.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse, Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning. The REGI conversation obviously getting a little more airtime lately; can you just give us some thoughts on how that's going to flow through margins, particularly on the generation has already began tracking at the BGS over the next couple of years?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, Good morning, it's Ralph Izzo. I guess we are all expecting January 1, 2009 for the initiation of REGI, and we are not expecting any openers in existing BGS contract. I would think the forward markets are pricing in some expectations for carbon in the area.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: So the future contracts or I guess, this option is going to embed some level of carbon would be the assumption, but the past settlements that would be a cost for all carbon emissions on for higher sales in the BGS; is that right?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What's in the cost, but presumably people... I mean REGI is not... has not been a secret or a surprise to folks...
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, Dan, if you see, if you look out in the PJM curves now to sale 12 with this pretty good visibility. We have seen off-peak prices come up and we have seen a tightening of differentials between peak and off-peak too. I think the primary drivers are maybe some coal crisis, but there maybe some incremental amount for some carbon facing it.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. And then on... following up on Ashar's question, BGSS normal environment probably would support a midpoint of your range this year, would be kind of splitting the way beyond the $0.23 increase in BGSS contribution in '07. So, marking it down about $0.12 or something; is that fair?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's something between the '06 and '07 number, yes.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, all right. And then, I guess as a last question; with you guys looking at adding capacity into PJM to the RPM process, how do we think about when you are going to make capital allocation decisions, by way of proceeds from asset sales, whether it goes to new investment or share repurchases. Is that going to come probably after the May auction; is that reasonable?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's only a part of it. As we said, we did make a proposal into this current RPM auction, but we will continue to look and would expect to have some expanded views of potential new capacity build in May, we'll see. But I think in general, we feel very good about what we have done in '07 in terms of the cash generation, debt pay down, setting our eyes on credit targets. We have... we, for the most part gotten to our objectives in terms of credit profile and key credit stats. I think that thing said there are still some issues out there. We still got to complete the sale of SAESA. We have to get some broader incremental investment opportunities in front of us. So, we feel like we are on an enviable position from a capital deployment standpoint. And we are thinking through the alternatives. I think when we sit with you in March we'd expect to give you more clarity around some of the levers and our timing for those.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you. Operator: And next question is from Leslie Rich of Columbia Management Advisors. Please proceed with your questions.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Advisors: Hi there. Wondered if you could walk through a little bit more detail on slide 17 in terms of your generation output and the mix specific; you commented you're your combined cycle plants are running more and your nukes had an outage. And I'm just wondering what's going on the coal because your capacity factors or total output there has also declined. And I am not sure if that's a reflection of being offline for scrubber installation or if it's the fact that some of those were marginally in it that were priced out in the market or sort of how to think about that?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Leslie. I would say, I think nuclear we covered, it was, we expect to be 92%, we are at 91.4%, so that was pretty close. And we are at 91% this year, the biggest driver there is the... it's the 15 January sale. I would say the drop from... on the coal side from 14 to 8... to 13 will be a larger drop than we would expect going forward. We had a couple of maintenance and construction issues during 2007 that brought that coal number down. The two notable ones were a backhouse at Bridgeport in Connecticut, that cost an very longer outage to connect that. And then Hudson as part of our extending consent decree the number we did about a year ago in the interim here, as we are building the backend. We are converting to a duller coal the Indonesian coal that we also burned up in Connecticut. So that reduced our capacity factor for some period of time. And we do also need to be mindful of emissions issues here as we do in our back ends. So our expectation, I'd say over the next couple of years before Mercer and Hudson get the back ends hooked up would be something in probably low 14,000 range. So, if you look at the two green boxes on 17, we expect to probably get back about half to thirds of that coal number over the '08, '09 period. And then the gas piece numbers reasonably flat, though from a profitability standpoint, the hours made more money for us, that was really just a result of improved heat rate that I touched on.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Advisors: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: And next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to ask you a question on attachment 7, the operating cash flow. It looks like it's kind of flattish compared to net income. And I was just wondering is that a working capital thing, just what are some of the larger drivers in that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Paul, you hit it spot on, obviously with improved earnings and cash from ops flat, the difference there that is hidden and you will see in our K, it will jump out at you. But there is about almost $450 million of working capital difference between '06 and '07. In other words in '06, we benefited from working capital from about 160-170, and that was in '06. And in '07 we were hurt by working capital, about 280.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So net-net, if you look at cash generated, absent working capital changes, on that attachment looks flat, it is actually up about 450.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And so when we think about '08, what should we be thinking about in terms of actual operating cash flow?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think just in general from year-to-year you ought to expect operating cash flow to improve consistent with earnings, that's generally where it is. I'd say the working capital changes, it's a hard to forecast on a year-to-year basis. PSE&G is driven very much by receivables, so to the extend that you've got higher gas prices or higher delivery in the fourth quarter, that just causes receivables balance changes. And then of course Power is driven largely by margining, to the extent longer term prices go up, which is generally good sign for Power that causes margining to be posted, so working capital near term to go down.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So in general the Power is... the views of the business guys with the treasury guys can be opposite direction.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, I hear you. And then with respect to the planned addition, there have been a few announcements of 550-megawatts going to NISO [ph] the potentially going to NISO [ph], I guess, and also just I guess there was a local story that you guys building a 138-megawatts for 2010. And of course you made the 300- to 400 megawatt announcement earlier. How should we think about the capacity additions, subtractions, retirements in your area going forward; I mean how do we... is the 138-megawatts part of the 300- to 400 if all may... how does it all sort of work... how should we think about capacity additions and subtractions in all those.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I'd say, I'll try to take your pieces in reverse order.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The 300 to 400 that we discussed in October, I believe it was, meant to be a general level of new capacity that we expect to bid in the RPM auctions in January and May. The 120, 130, that was picked on the local, and I touched on a little more briefly in the comments. That was part of that, so we do have an existing site, we have number of sites where we did build new peaking ground field capacity from the existing Northern New Jersey zone into the RPM bid. That RPM bid I think is supposed to hit... PJM is supposed to announce the results of that shortly. So we'll see if we cleared or not. Our plan will be, if we clear, we certainly did it, if we don't, we wouldn't expect to, but we would seriously look at the same opportunity again in May. I'll just say on that one piece, the cost... as we look at development of that project, one thing that we've trying to get our arms around is whether there would be any incremental transmission cost; the greatest fairly constraint around here. And it is tough in a quick development process that's necessary for the RPM to get a definitive answer on that. So, we did our bid into this RPM auction did include some risk, if you will, for incremental transmission cost that frankly wouldn't be defined for some period of time from that perhaps.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, I guess, from a reserve margin basis, I guess. With some of these moving pieces, what is the outlook assuming that you get the 550 megawatt transfer, what is the outlook for reserve margin that guys are looking at in EMAC, I guess, with all the stuff, with what's happening in transmission and all the stuff? How should we think about that trend? Or just roughly speaking what is... what's your anticipation?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Paul, that doesn't say, so. The other project that the 50 come... probably over the last few weeks, looking at taking our Bergen station through a line with the partner and potentially supplying that to NISO through our RP that they've got going. That is incremental, that is in a competitive process that NISO has got, and certainly other participants in that. We made it quite clear within PJM and to New Jersey folks that would only be done if we are very comfortable that reliability can be maintained. So in simple, reserve margins around that... those are helpful, but the reliability is more... that was surround that would be more local areas, especially the PS more so.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Levy of Brencourt Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors: I am all set guys, but thank you very much.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Next question, Andy.
Operator: The next question is from John Kiani of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, Ralph, Tom.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Can you talk about the status of classifying some of the new 69 kilowatt construction at PSE&G as FERC transmission?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we have a filing, John, FERC on that. John, it's seven factor test that we believe we passed. Timeframe for decision on that, I don't have at the tip of my fingers. There is a couple of intravenous who are really more involved from a point of view of making sure that they get the facts and figures back. Last time we had heard anything from the Board of Public Utilities; they had filed intervention, but they were removing that intervention. So, we see a pretty clear field ahead of us on that.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then as far as capital redeployment and return of capital to shareholders is concerned, can you talk a little bit about how you're weighing options for returning capital to shareholders versus your potential growth acquisitions and how are you looking at that dynamic now that you have got a strong balance sheet and good cash flow?
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeas sure. Tom touched on some of that. We have just some big pieces of the puzzle that will be filled in coming few days. We will hear some results from RPM sometimes this morning. We will have a BGS auction in a couple of weeks. We have just started the SAESA bid process. We are excited, but we don't have a lot information yet on the role we'll be playing in Energy master plan. There are quite... economic headwinds that didn't exist a year ago. So we are putting all that in a mix and talking about on a fairly regular basis and give you lot more color at the March conference.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Ashar Khan of SAC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Thanks. Tom, I just want to understand last I had from the EEI slides was that excess cash was $2 billion to $2.5 billion through 2011, and if I read this slide, if I am right, doing apples-to-apples, it's saying $1.5 billion to $2 billion. So there has been a reduction of 500 million or am I missing something?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, which slide you looking at?
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: I thought in this presentation, isn't it number 30?
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am glad you asked that question and that would be news to us.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I mean, I think we generally look at in over five-year timeframe. As we look at over five-year timeframe, it will be $2 billion and $2.5 billion. The adjective is here, Ashar, is not to change that number; we still feeling good about the excess cash as we did, perhaps some
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. So could be a typo here.
Thomas M. O'Flynn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We think about planning on a five-year basis, so whatever you're reading that only has four years, but on a five-year basis, we think $2 billion to $2.5 billion
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Mr. Izzo and Mr. O'Flynn, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Ralph Izzo - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for joining us. We will see you in March
Kathleen A. Lally - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. You may disconnect. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-01 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kathleen Lally - VP of IR   Tom O'Flynn - EVP, CFO, President of PSEG Energy Holdings 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse   Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company   Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors   Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research   Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates   Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management   Shalini Mahajan - UBS   Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley   Greg Orrill - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group second quarter 2007 earnings call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions)  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, august 1, 2007. it is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am. 
Kathleen Lally: Thank you very much, and good morning to everyone. We appreciate your participation in our Earnings Call today. I will be shortly turning the call over to Tom O'Flynn. Tom, as you know is PSEG's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , and President of PSEG's Energy Holdings.  Before we begin, however, I just need to make a few points. We issued our earnings release this morning. In case you have not seen it, a copy of the release and related attachments are posted on our website, www.pseg.com, under the investor section. We have also posted a series of slides that detail the operating results for the quarter. We expect to file our second quarter 10-Q at the SEC today. But I also want to mention, that as we indicated in the Form 8-K files last Friday, that along with our second quarter Form 10-Q, we will be filing an amendment to our fist quarter 10-Q that re-states Energy Holding's first quarter balance sheet, to correct a miss classification of some holdings debt as long term. A debt of 207 million senior issued, that will mature in February 2008, should have been classified as current. There is no affect on reported first quarter results of operations or cash flow.  In today's earnings webcast, we will discuss our future outlook and I must refer you to our forward-looking disclaimer. Although we believe our forecasts are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give you no assurance that they will be achieved. The results or events, forecasts in our statements today may differ materially from actual results or events.  The last word on any of our businesses is as contained in the various reports we file with the SEC. As a reminder, our guidance speaks as of the date it is issued. Any confirmation or update in guidance will only be done in the public manner, generally in the form of a press release or webcast such as this. PSEG may or may not confirm or update guidance with every press release.  As a matter of policy we will not comment on guidance during any one-on-one meeting or during any individual phone call. In the body of our earnings release we provided a table that reconciled net income to operating earnings. We have adopted this format to improve the readability of the release, and to provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP terms, net income and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP term, operating earnings. The attachments for the press release provide the reconciliation to each of our major businesses.  Operating earnings exclude merger related costs and the net impact of certain asset sales during the period presented. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing Q2 2007 results to Q2 2006, for all of our businesses. We exclude such costs so that we can better compare our current period results with prior or future periods. Finally at the end of our prepared remarks, Tom will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up.  I would now like to turn the call over to Tom. 
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks Kathleen, good morning. I would also like to thank all of you for joining us. I want to first express Ralph Izzo's regrets of not being able to join us this morning, scheduled for meeting, will normally be available for these quarterly updates.  We are very pleased with our second quarter earnings. Operating earnings for the quarter increased 69% to $1.15 per share from $0.68 per share in the second quarter in 2006. Increases in operating earnings for the second quarter were the operating earnings for the first half of 2007 to $2.47 per share. This represents a 63% improvement over operating earnings of $1.52 per share reported in the first six months of 2006.  The results for the quarter reflect continued strong operations with in a constructive environment which supported results for 2007's first half and should have a continued positive impact on earnings in the second half of the year.  Broadly speaking, PSEG Power benefited from a low loss of below markets contracts and lower operations and maintenance expenses. PSE&G, a regulated electric and gas, transmission and distribution utility, continues to benefit in a rate increase implemented during the forth quarter of 2006, an increase in demand, as well as normal weather. And PSEG Energy Holding reported a modest decline in earnings in the quarter due to a lengthy outage at Bio Energy, an Italian bio-mass generation facility.  The quarter provided PSEG with progress in several arenas. We are meeting our targets for operating earnings, we are meeting our commitment to maintain and enhance system reliability by supporting major expansion of our transmission system. Moving forward on plans to achieve independent operations of our nuclear plants by year end.  We are drafting our responsibilities under New Jersey's clean energy program. We are also addressing opportunities for long-term growth. PSE&G is investing in new transmission. Our capital program to enhance reliability, with the construction of new transmission lines, will double our investment transmission. PSEG Power spending on Hudson back end technology, and its review of the opportunities for new nuclear, at a New Jersey sites, will sustain operations and support growth beyond 2008.  We reclassified our investment in Electroandes to discontinued operations, based on strong interest shown in the asset. We expect that our investment will be sold around year end. We're seeing tangible results from our parent level debt reduction program and improvement in credit metrics. During the quarter, Standard & Poor's revised the outlook for PSEG, PSE&G, and Power to stable, and also upgraded our ratings on commercial paper. The backdrop for this activity remains strong power markets, a need for investment in critical infrastructure, and strong valuations for Latin American assets.  We've also been active at the state and federal level on an issue which is key to all of our futures -- the need to address climate change. The state of New Jersey passed landmark legislation on July 6, 2007, which codifies Governor Corzine's energy goals. The legislation calls for a 20% reduction in electric demand by 2020, that 20% of our supply will be met with renewable resources by 2020, and that we reduce carbon emissions 20% by 2020.  The legislation also requires that all suppliers of generation meet an emissions portfolio standard for power sold within the state. We're pleased with this legislative requirement. It provides the state with the opportunity to meet its emission reduction goals, and it places all generation on a level playing field. PSEG is a strong supporter of the state's goals and believes a multi-pronged strategy that addresses conservation through energy efficiency improvements; development of renewable resources; and clean, zero and low carbon central station electric generating capacity will provide the solution to this challenge.  Let me now provide a more in depth review of the quarter's results by subsidiary company. Slide 11 of our webcast presentation provides a breakdown of each subsidiary's contribution to 2007 second quarter operating earnings and earnings per share compared to 2006's second quarter results. Slide 12 provides a similar breakdown of each subsidiary's contribution to operating earnings for the first half of 2007 relative to the first half of '06.  The strong year-to-date performance supports our operating earnings guidance for 2007 of $4.90 to $5.30 per share. We are, however, modestly adjusting the contributions by subsidiary. As noted on slide 13, the earnings contribution from PSEG Power has been increased. This adjustment is a recognition of performance year-to-date as well as expectations for the remainder of the year. We've also reduced the operating earnings contribution from PSEG Energy Holdings, reflecting the reclassification of earnings from Electroandes to disc ops as well as the Bioenergie outage.  I'll now review the operating results for each subsidiary company, starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported operating earnings of $62 million for the second quarter, or $0.24 per share, compared with operating earnings of $34 million or $0.13 per share earned during the second quarter of 2006. The primary driver for the improved earnings was the electric and gas increases implemented in November 2006. High revenue from rate adjustments represented an increase of $0.07 per share.  Earnings comparisons also benefited from more normal weather in 2007 compared to mild weather conditions experienced a year ago, adding $0.03 per share. PSE&G's earnings also benefited from an increase in electric gas and demand by residential and commercial customers, which contributed $0.02 per share in electric earnings and $0.01 per share in gas earnings. There were several other items, including an increase in depreciation and operation and maintenance expenses, which netted out to $0.02 per share reduction to earnings.  The Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland or PJM Regional Transmission Organization approved construction during the quarter of a new 500kV transmission line from Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, to our Roseland substation in Essex County, New Jersey. This line will coexist with an existing 230kV line along this route. We plan to obtain the necessary permits and begin construction of the line next year, with the expectation for it to be complete and in service during 2012. This line represents one of three lines that PSE&G has endorsed to improve long-term electric reliability in New Jersey. If all three lines are constructed, PSE&G would increase its investment in transmission by approximately $1 billion over five to eight years beginning in 2008. This compares with our 2006 year-end investment transmission of approximately $700 million.  Turning now to Power. PSEG Power reported operating earnings of $187 million or $0.73 per share for the second quarter, compared with operating earnings of $86 million or $0.34 per share reported during the second quarter of 2006. Power's earnings benefited from higher pricing in all markets and an increase in output. Revenues reflected a full quarter of higher prices on the New Jersey BGS auction, including both the February 2006 auction, which went into effect on June 1, 2006, and a month of higher pricing from the February 2007 auction, which went into effect on June 1, 2007.  Power also started to see the benefit of implementation on June 1 of prices on capacity located in PJM under the reliability pricing model or RPM, and the expiration of below-market contracts in New England at year-end 2006. The net result of the improvement in prices was an increase in earnings of $0.37 per share.  Output from our generating portfolio during the quarter increased 2.6%. The quarter over quarter improvement in output was derived from stronger performance of our combined cycle fleet and continued strong operations of our nuclear fleet, which operated in-line with last year's 90% capacity factor. The performance for the second quarter brought the capacity factor of the nuclear fleet during the first six months of 2007 to 90% for our New Jersey fleet and almost 94% for the entire fleet, versus approximately 96 for both New Jersey and our entire fleet during an outstanding first half of 2006. We continue to move forward towards independent operation of our nuclear fleet.  Processes are underway that would lead to PSEG Power resuming independent operation by year end. A decline in operations and maintenance expense during the quarter added $0.04 per share to earnings. The results for the quarter drove to an expansion in Power's gross margin for the quarter to $48 per megawatt hour from $36 per megawatt hour. The return to normal operating conditions as opposed to last year's mild conditions helped margins on the BGFS contract by $0.03 per share, and higher prices also caused recognition of a mark to market loss during the quarter of $0.04 per share.  The second of PJM's capacity auctions under the RPM concluded last month. The auction established capacity prices for the June 1, 2008, and May 31, 2009, delivery year. Slide 22 provides an outline of the results from the first two auctions. PJM will be conducting two more auctions in October, 2007 and in January 2008 to establish values for capacity through the 2011 delivery year, before auctions are held on an annual basis beginning in May of 2008 to set capacity prices for a succeeding three-year forward period. Only a portion of Power's capacity was open to realized prices in recent PJM RPM auctions due to a significant percent of capacity being sold under the three-year BGS auction process in New Jersey. Power won 11 tranches in BGS's '05 auction, 20 tranches in the 2006 auction, and 19 tranches in the 2007 auction.  The balance of power's PJM's capacity has attained price certainty through May 31, 2009, from other contracting activity and participation in the first two RPM auctions. All of Power's allocated capacity has obtained price certainty through May 31, 2010, as a result of the fixed price nature of the transitional FCM auction. We continue to forecast margin improvement in 2007 from higher capacity prices of $125 million to $175 million, with a similar level of improvement in 2008.  Power announced last month that it will proceed with installation of advanced emission controls at its Hudson generating station, coal-fired unit number 2 in New Jersey, under the terms of an amended environmental agreement reached last fall with state and federal regulators. Completion of the retrofits by 2010 allowed long-term continued operation of this 600 megawatt unit. The decision is consistent with the company's commitment to provide New Jersey and the region with reliable and environmentally responsible energy supplies. Installation of the back-end technology will significantly reduce pollution from the unit and will also support an improvement in operating efficiency.  PSEG Power also plans to spend $50 million over the 2007 to 2011 timeframe to review the opportunity associated with construction of a new nuclear unit. Power has an interest in 3500 megawatts of nuclear capacity at Hope Creek and Salem in New Jersey and Peach Bottom in Pennsylvania. This capacity represents a critical resource that provides clean, low-cost power in heavily-constrained markets.  Our New Jersey site was originally developed for four nuclear units, and our initial spending is targeted towards determining the feasibility of a new nuclear unit at our New Jersey site. We intend to be deliberate in our review, and based on our current schedule don't envision meeting the 2008 federal tax credit deadline for filing a construction and operating license. Nuclear generation represents a potential answer to meeting carbon reduction goals if we can be comfortable with the capital costs and related risks associated with new construction.  Power also closed on the sale of Lawrenceburg during the quarter for $325 million, plus additional cash related to tax benefits, which could amount to an additional $100 million. Power's strong earnings, cash, and capital position enabled a payment of $425 million dividend to Enterprise during the quarter. This brings the dividend distribution for first half of 2007 to $575 million.  Now turning to PSEG Energy Holdings. Operating earnings for holdings declined modestly to $59 million or $0.24 a share from $70 million or $0.28 per share of operating earnings recorded in the second quarter of 2006. The operating earnings exclude gains and losses from the sale of major assets, as well as the impact of moving Electroandes to discontinued operations. Holdings level operations experienced a decline in operating earnings with its investment in Texas and Italy.  The operating earnings for Holdings' 2000 megawatts of combined cycle generating capacity in Texas were reduced by a decline in spark spreads by $0.03 per share as a result of very mild weather conditions. This decline in operating earnings was partially offset by an improvement in mark-to-market expense of $0.01 per share. Global international generation results were also affected by an outage at its Italian biomass generation facility, which reduced earnings by $0.06 per share. One of these two units returned to service in late June, with the other expected to return very shortly. Other international investments in Chile and Peru experienced an improvement in earnings driven by strong sales and stable foreign currencies.  Holdings' results during the quarter were also supported by a reduction in administrative costs as well as lower interest expense, which together added $0.04 per share to earnings. Holdings' other subsidiary, Resources, experienced a $0.01 per share decline in operations during the second quarter, primarily the result of reserves associated with the new accounting standards for taxes.  We're very pleased with the results from the first round of bids for Electroandes and moved our $166 million investment to discontinued operations during the quarter with the expectation that the sale will close around year end. The move to disc ops resulted in a net charge during the quarter of $0.05 per share. This is composed of $0.03 per share of income from Electroandes offset by recognition of taxes on income to be repatriated, which amounted to $0.08 per share. The upcoming issuance of $150 million of debt at SAESA and the sale of Electroandes will reduce our investment in Latin America by year end 2007 to about $1 billion. The markets in Latin America are strong. We are more actively exploring the strategic options for our remaining investments. Reconciliation of the change in PSEG Enterprise Group's second quarter earnings by subsidiary companies is provided on slide 31.  I would now like to turn to our capital program and cash forecast. We've outlined several projects which will yield a significant change in our capital spending plans. We currently are forecasting capital spending of $7 billion over 2007 to 2011 compared with capital spending for this period of $5.75 billion outlined on 2006 10-K, primarily as a result of increased spending at PSE&G.  The increase in spending is driven by PSE&G's planned expansion of its transmission system, $650 million; the installation by PSE&G of its new integrated customer service platform, $150 million to $175 million over the 2007 to 2009 timeframe; and thirdly, financing of our 30 megawatt solar initiative, representing $100 million over two years. PSEG Power's capital budget has expanded slightly by more than $200 million during this five year period to meet its environmental commitments and to finance a review of an option under nuclear. All these changes are outlined slide 35.  As I mentioned earlier, S&P revised the outlook on our credit ratings for PSEG, PSE&G and Power from negative to stable. And our commercial paper rating was graded to A2 from A3 for PSE&G and PSEG. We believe that our strong and improving credit profile will place us in an excellent position to grow, and may serve as a competitive advantage, particularly during times of volatility in the credit markets, as we've recently witnessed. The strong start to 2007 makes us comfortable with our earnings forecast for '07 of $4.90 to $5.30 per share. We continue to forecast a 15% improvement on our expectations for '07 in 2008 to $5.60 to $6.10 per share. During the first six months of 2007, cash from operations were equal to the same period of last year. Absent changes in working capital, cash from operations is about $250 million higher this year than last. We also remain comfortable with our ability to generate cash in excess of our capital needs beginning in 2008.  We continue to forecast cash in excess of our CapEx requirements for '07 to '11 of $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Cash generated from operating income is very much in-line with expectations. We anticipate cash recovery of investment in new transmission during construction and any asset sales will provide additional cash. Excess cash will be used to retire debt through the first half of '08. At this point, we'll be at targeted debt levels and we'll then be able to look to use excess cash for incremental growth opportunities and/or share repurchases.  Finally, we expect our Board of Directors to evaluate the level of common stock dividend in January 2008. This is the normal time of the year for the board to review the dividend. Our strong earnings growth and low payout ratio will provide the board greater flexibility to increase the dividend above recent levels with the objective of targeting a sustainable, long-term payout ratio in the range of 50%. With that, operator, I'll now open it up to questions. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) One moment please for the first question. And our first question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers of Credit Suisse Securities. Please proceed. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning. On the capacity auction outcome, should we assume that given the fact you didn't change '08 guidance that that fell within the tolerance band of your open exposure, so we shouldn't see any change there? And along the lines of the RPM auction, given the volatility in eastern MAAC pricing from the first auction to the second -- has that caused you guys to have some pause as far as the desire to go build new generation given some relative uncertainty as far as where those prices will continue to clear? 
Tom O'Flynn: Let me see, Dan. Take one at a time. I would say it generally fell within the tolerance band given our level of open positions. I think the expectations or -- really I would call them planning assumptions that we use in our large conference, end of March, beginning of April -- were more consistent with the second auction. I'm not sure we were in a predictive mode as much as just saying that that was what the current forward market was, and for a simple planning assumption, we were going to use that number. The first auction was in some higher levels, but as you know, we had only a modest open position. So the impact on our P&L was smaller. In terms of our view on new build, I think we've said that we are likely to wait for the first of the four to be completed to get a full deck of information. We do continue to see tightening markets. Over the long-term we do believe that new generation will need to be added, but I think its incumbent upon us to see the first four series and then also assess the zonal breakdown that may happen as you get to subpockets -- as we go out in time and then make assessments. We do -- as we look at the market, we do have excellent abilities to grow from a cash and resource standpoint, but also from a site value perspective. Virtually all our sites do have the physical capacity to grow. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then on the CapEx update today, how much ability do you have to get prompt recovery of increased spending on the E&G CapEx? And it looks like you have part but not all of the potential PJM transmission lines in that increased guidance number? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's fair. From a transmission standpoint, we would expect to have that be recovered. We'd expect to be filing a transmission case when we get into the middle of this. It's probably a couple years out, when we get into the meat of our filings, and that gives you construction work in progress. So we would expect to be getting current recovery on the capital on an annual basis, subject to normal FERC rules. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then that $650 million, you have $650 million of the $1 billion, is that all for these PJM projects or some other stuff too? 
Tom O'Flynn: It's all for PJM. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: But of the three lines you talked about for $1 billion, how many of those are included in the new CapEx guidance? 
Tom O'Flynn: Just the one is in there. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question -- 
Tom O'Flynn: I'm sorry. Just to be clear, the numbers that we have the one major line. The Susquehanna to Roseland line. Sorry, operator. Go ahead. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Thanks. I guess so far you haven't provided any open EBITDA estimates; is that correct? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's fair, we've not. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: And I guess, if I were thinking about the auction results, if you had calculated an open EBITDA position back in December based on where the auctions came in, would that have improved based on where the auction came in relative to your planning parameters? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Okay. So if I think about 2008, it's more a hedging phenomenon that maybe would result in no change to the 2008 guidance range that the company's provided? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's fair. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. If you go back, Paul, the slide that we showed at our large investor conference had a slide that showed open capacity on an annual basis. I think it went up through nine or ten. So that's fair. The numbers particularly in the first auction were higher than our planning assumption, and we realize that greater amount over time as we step into our open position. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Levy of Brencourt Advisors. Please proceed. 
Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors: Good morning, guys. 
Tom O'Flynn: Hi, Andy. 
Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors: I got a bad cold today, so hopefully you can hear me. But you made a reference in your press release about the disposition of your Latin American assets. Was wondering if you could just give a little bit more detail or not as far as timing, what you're thinking there specifically, and any other type of things you could throw out as far as how the market is for selling those assets and things like that? 
Tom O'Flynn: I think in general we've got our Electroandes -- our hydroproducer in Peru on the blocks. That's doing quite well. We're through the first round, got a number of parties participating. So we're quite upbeat about our expectations for a result there. As I mentioned a couple times in the remarks, we are more actively looking at alternatives with respect to our other major investments down there. Just as a reminder -- three T&D companies; two in Chile, SAESA and Chilquinta; and one in Lima, Peru, Luz del Sur. The markets are quite strong. Currencies are good, the financing markets are reasonably strong. They had a modest change over the last couple weeks, but nothing like what we've seen here. So those are all the facts in front of us and we're carefully evaluating whether we should think carefully about monetization of additional assets. But no decisions have been made at this time. 
Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors: What do you think the timing in making that decision is -- a year, next year, sooner than that? 
Tom O'Flynn: We don't have a specific time. Andy, we will update people as decisions are made and events occur. Though I would say that we are more actively looking now than we have in the past. 
Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors: That's fair. Thanks very much. 
Tom O'Flynn: Feel better. 
Andrew Levy - Brencourt Advisors: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Gordon of Citi Investment Research. 
Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Thanks, good morning. 
Tom O'Flynn: Good morning. 
Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research: So 15% earnings growth, you're going to spend more on regulated infrastructure. That still leaves you with excess cash to pay down debt, potentially buy back stock and raise the dividend, so what could be bad? 
Tom O'Flynn: Sounds good to me! 
Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Plus you've got rising asset values in Latin America and you're monitoring the ability to potentially monetize that. Is there anything within the underlying operating profile of the company at this point where we should actually be focused on risk? In the FERC -- are these transmission lines going to be FERC regulated? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. 
Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research: So the rate increases you would need would go through a FERC regulatory process? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's exactly right. The $700 million that I referenced in our current transmission investment -- our year-end -- is within PSE&G, but it is all FERC regulated. And these would all be FERC regulated and the largest of the lines that has been approved was approved by the PJM RTEP process -- would all be built under FERC regulation, exactly right. 
Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Okay. I've got a more general question for you. I'm looking around in Illinois where there was just a really meaningful rate subsidy agreed to by the unregulated generating companies. There's a very high profile due diligence on market design and on the corporate structure of the major utility down in Maryland. Pennsylvania has started to go to reset market pricing for some of its utilities for when their contracts expire, but you've got a special session of the legislature there in November on energy issues. To what degree are you monitoring the willingness of the government in New Jersey to continue to sort of bide its time here and wait for the market structure to signal the generation is going to be built before they throw up their hands and say -- look, we need to intervene here in a way to get new capacity and/or cap prices? It just seems to me that this is sort of a serious issue that's permeating in other deregulated markets that hasn't come back full circle in New Jersey and it's of some concern. 
Tom O'Flynn: Clearly, those are things that we watch. What I say is we've had a process here in New Jersey that seems to be working. The BGS has been going since 2002. It's evolved a little bit from one year to three-year. It's a very competitive process that includes obviously our sales, the physical players, a number of financial players and I think each time it's occurred in the last few Februaries, there's been a collective agreement that the process is working and getting the most competitive price for power. Yes, prices have gone up, but that's a function of constraining markets and largely increasing natural gas prices. We are -- as happens every year in New Jersey, there is a period of review of some of the details around the BGS. I believe that's going on now. Sometimes that's tweaked the contract here and there and done other modest things. We're not aware of anything material we expect to come out of that, but that's just a part of the review that any good set of regulators and companies go through on a regular basis. So bottom line on some of the other things, we think that -- yes, we're aware of them. But we've had a process that's been going on for a while and it's also produced a very gradual change in prices, allowing customers to modestly change their expectations and influence the behavior.  In terms of new generation, Dan asked this earlier. There are certainly -- as we look out on the horizon, we think that new generation will be required. We think that the RPM is constructive and it is defining capacity prices. We're careful to make a forecast of any specific RPM. It's a little easier to forecast the end of the season in a baseball season rather than an inning or a game, but we do think the net result is that new capacity will be needed, the RPM will support construction and that will happen. It may well happen by us being a contributor to that process. The other thing, Greg, in general I think we – Hudson, in our commitment to New Jersey, Hudson is $700 million. That's a very strategically located 600 megawatt coal plant, but it is also very key to the reliability of the state. And as we made that commitment that we announced a couple weeks ago, a big part of that was we thought that would be constructive to the reliability requirements and integrity of the overall supply picture. So we think that by stepping up in ways like that, we think that demonstrates our commitment to the overall picture. 
Gregory Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Thanks, Tom. 
Tom O'Flynn: Okay. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning. 
Tom O'Flynn: Good morning. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just some really basic questions. One was, the 2.6% increase in combined cycle output, what caused that? 
Tom O'Flynn: I think it's a little bit as the supply requirements come up that the gas -- particularly Bergen and Linden -- become a bigger part of the supply requirements. So it's essentially Linden and Bergen being dispatched to higher levels as the system requires. And Paul, we did have some reduction -- I believe it's back in attachment 12 -- we did have some reduction in some of our coal output in New Jersey. So the absence of some of our coal production may have caused some of that increased requirement from the gas side. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, I see. Okay, I got you. Then on the Texas spark spread, you mentioned weather. When you're looking forward towards 2008 and what have you, are you seeing any decrease or from gas prices or anything we should be aware of going forward on that? I know it's a small part of the business, but I was just wondering. 
Tom O'Flynn: No, it's an important part of the business. Part of last year was that Texas weather was very hot. It wasn't a normal operating year -- certainly a very good operating year, but we weren't expecting to it repeat. I think we were clear even back in our investor conference, I think we said our EBITDA was going to go down $25 million or so from '06 to '07, just sort of a return to normal periods. In general, I think the year-to-date spark spreads are $16 to $16.50 this year versus about $19 to $19.50 last year, so that's about $12 million EBITDA contribution. Going forward, we see the sparks as being more constant the next couple of years. Gas is a little bit liquidated. We do see a flat to -- essentially a flat outlook. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Let me ask you, just following up on Andy's question -- you have an attachment 10, the investment that you have in Chile and Peru, and I believe that includes Electroandes. And I was wondering, when we're thinking about your actual monetization of this, could you give us any flavor for what we should thinking about in terms of a tax basis? Just was wondering how that actually might -- how we might think about that. In other words, if you were to get the actual amount that you invested, for instance, what would the tax impact be, just from a hypothetical perspective? What should we think about in terms of a tax basis? 
Tom O'Flynn: I would generally say, Paul, without getting into all the details here -- I would generally say our tax basis is less than our book basis. So if we sell it for book, we could have a gain on sale from a tax position. Or put another way, we got to sell -- it's different in different aspects. I don't want to get into all the specifics and it may stress my short-term memory anyway. In general, our tax basis is less than our book basis, so if we sell from book, we could pay taxes. Or put another way, we need to sell above book to get out after-tax neutral. Part of what we booked in Electro was in recognition of that. We generally booked on the assumption we would sell around book. That's a planning assumption, not a prediction. That's a planning assumption. Because tax basis is lower than book basis, part of that $0.08 that's below the line -- or part of the $0.05 that's below the line, which is a combination of $0.03 from Ops and $0.08 from moving it down below the line -- is a recognition of expecting to pay taxes on a gain on sale because the tax basis is below book basis. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So you guys look like you've got strong prices there, but we do the tax impact, it will probably reduce -- it has the potential of reducing this value by -- you may get things -- the after-tax proceeds might be less than book? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's fair. I wouldn't want to make predictive, but I would say at least as we've booked Electroandes, we booked it as if we sold for accounting book, which would cause a tax gain, and that is what's in the financials for this quarter. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Back to Andy's question, just to clarify, sorry if I forgot it -- when do you think the rest of the assets, you guys might make up your decisions on the strategic -- other than Electroandes, the other assets in Peru and Chile, when might those be -- 
Tom O'Flynn: I don't want to. I think I'm going to stay with where we were. I wouldn't want to set specific time horizons. Kind of stepping back, the assets are doing quite well. They continue to generate strong earnings in cash flow. They're operating, frankly, modestly above our expectations for this year. They have strong growth of 7, 8, 9%. So if we monetize them, it's on an opportunistic basis on the view that we can get more value from them. So we're going to be careful as we do that. I think my statement that a couple times we said here that we are more actively exploring options would be things that we're looking at here during 2007. We'll have to see whether that warrants anything new coming forward. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Any currency impact that's been affecting the -- 
Tom O'Flynn: No, currency's been good, currencies continue to be good, and they got modestly better in the last few weeks. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Has that impacted earnings at all? 
Tom O'Flynn: No. Only a modest impact to earnings. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. 
Tom O'Flynn: But it does obviously enhance your view of monetization. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Absolutely. Okay, thank you. 
Tom O'Flynn: Paul, I should correct myself. On the Texas market in general, we see the spark as being generally flat for a couple years. We do think there is going to be some need for new capacities. The market signals are at least not showing that to us for a few years. We would expect -- it is a particularly soft last couple of months there. It's been raining pretty heavily. When I said next year will be like this year, it will be like a normalized '07, which would be better than what we're currently experiencing. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan of SAC Capital Management. Please proceed. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Good morning. 
Tom O'Flynn: Good morning. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Tom, you mentioned realized gross margin was $48 for the second quarter of 2007 if I'm right? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Could we expect, because the BGS auction starts in like on every June, right? That gross realized margins should be higher in the third and fourth quarters than the $48? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's fair. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Okay. 
Tom O'Flynn: This only includes one month of increase. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Okay. 
Tom O'Flynn: One month of implementation in the most recent BGS. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: And do you have what the gross realized margin was for the first quarter? I don't remember -- I apologize, you might have provided it earlier last quarter. I don't remember it specifically. 
Kathleen Lally: Ashar, I don't remember the numbers exactly, but it was like between $46 and $47 per megawatt hours, something in that range. It was slightly less than the amount realized in the second quarter. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Okay. And if I can just stand up, not to think -- as you look at this monetization or not monetization in Latin America, how should we look at the use of proceeds to make up for the lost earnings if you do decide to monetize? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. If we would, I would say we generally will use it as we have in the past. What we've done in the past is used some of the proceeds to repay debt at Holdings and the remainder has been dividend up from Holdings to PSEG. Over the last three years, that's about 60% of the money I believe has gone up from Holdings to PSEG, and the 40% has been used for debt reduction at Holdings. I'm not giving that as a predictive ratio, but that's just generally indicative of our history. So we try to pay down some of the Holdings debt -- as you shrink assets, we shrink the debt at Holdings and then the rest comes up to PSEG. PSEG would then look to use it as part of their overall capital planning and growth requirements. To the extent I said that we're going to use excess cash through about the first half of '08 to pay down debt, and thereafter we'll have new cash -- or we'll have cash to grow the business and/or buy back stock, that does not contemplate any incremental cash for Latin American divestitures beyond Electro. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: So, Tom, in essence, if you go through this path and you do get cash, you could start buybacks earlier; is that a fair point? 
Tom O'Flynn: That's a fair point. That's where I was going to end up and say. To the extent we get extra cash, it could accelerate that point. That's very fair. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Tom O'Flynn: Okay. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Shalini Mahajan of UBS Securities. Please proceed. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Thank you. I had a question on the legislation that was passed in New Jersey around climate change. Some of the targets -- actually, all the targets, whether it's on carbons, renewables, or efficiencies -- they seem pretty aggressive. So my question is how do you propose to meet these and how does this impact your capital deployment strategy beyond '08? 
Tom O'Flynn: I think it's fair that they are fairly aggressive, but they're certainly -- I would say the state and the Governor in particular have a lot of conviction that they need and should be met and we're doing everything we can to contribute to that process. In terms of -- and I should say that it all is centered around the Energy Master Plan. There's a large study going on with the Governor's team, the Department of Public Utilities, we're involved, other stakeholders, customers, et cetera are all involved to think through the implementation of a number of these policies and where do we go. One thing that we did announce a couple months ago now is a solar initiative, and that was to spend $100 million of PSE&G money to invest along with other people from the solar community to put in 30 megawatts of solar. That's clearly just a start of what we think is a much larger requirement that's indicative of a program that we've got to try to feed into the Energy Master Plan and these broader initiatives. The EMP, the Energy Master Plan has a number of other things going on in terms of demand side management, whether it's energy conservation, clean vehicles, and we've announced a large program for hybrid vehicles. We announced that we're studying a number of our facilities to see whether we can get some demand side management out of our own facilities. So there's a number of things going on and I would expect towards the end of this year the Energy Master Plan group led by the state will have a number of initiatives that will be implemented. We would expect to be a meaningful part of that. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: So for you to specify how exactly you can meet these goals, those would be after the master plan is tabled? Or would that be part of the plan that you actually lay out -- every utility lays out how they propose to meet the target? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. What I would say is we have a number of thoughts, some of which are public, such as the vehicles, such as our facilities, and such as our solar program, but the ultimate orchestration of this will be at the hands of the Energy Master Plan officials. And as our proposals go in, we expect that the -- that some of those get approved and implemented over time. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. Just a related question on new nuclear as well. You mentioned that's something you would continue to explore over the next few years. It could be one way to at least meet your carbon mandate in the state. Kind of just wanting to know more of your thoughts about your slow approach on the new nuclear front. We've seen more companies being more aggressive, even on the merchant side. 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. We think it's -- you're exactly right. It's a big part of a carbon free approach. We have a great site down at what we call Artificial Island and is really designed for four units. We've got three there now and it's a very attractive site. And sure you're going to appreciate in the northeast there aren't many sites for new build nuclear. So we're very upbeat from that standpoint. We want to be deliberate. One thing that is of particular concern obviously is the capital costs, managing the capital, managing delays, things that the industry went through in the last cycle of new build. As a merchant, we're going to be careful about that. It's fair that a couple other folks are more proactive than us and that's fine. I think as we see it, though, we'll move forward in a deliberate way. There is the added benefit to the extent you can get a COL accepted by the end of '08. There's the added benefit of having some tax benefits available. As I said, we do not expect to be able to move forward quickly enough to get those. As we see the benefit of those versus the uncertainties in the industry, we think that taking a few years to get our arms around it is the best thing to do. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Would you be willing to take a partner so you could share some of the risk involved? 
Tom O'Flynn: Certainly, we'd be willing to consider those kind of things, and we'll consider all options as we go forward. We've obviously had discussions with all the vendors and thought about different partnership structures at least on a highly preliminary basis. I think as we go forward, we may consider a partner. We also think we've got a pretty valuable site, so like any kind of economic investment, you just have to weigh those things. 
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Great. Thanks, Tom, thanks for the color. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rudy Tolentino of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Hi. There's been talk under RGGI to implement a carbon cap and trade system. I was kind of curious how that would impact you guys and if you have any way to recover the costs of potential carbon credits that you would use at your coal plants or if that's something that you have to eat? 
Tom O'Flynn: Rudy, it's fair that as part of RGGI, the assessment of carbon costs is still being reviewed. In general, we have a low carbon portfolio with about 55 to 58% of our megawatt hours being generated by nuclear. So as carbon comes into the market, the short answer is no, we do not have any, let's say regulatory means to recover those costs. We do think it would impact the market. So to the extent it would increase the cost for our coal facilities by some amount, we would -- it would obviously impact the market and that would help our nuclear facilities, as well as our gas facilities directly most largely our nuclear facilities. There are still the open issue of -- will any of the credits be allocated or will they all be auctioned? That's something that is an ongoing part of the dialogue. One thing that we do think is very constructive is that the cost of carbon will be paid by all generators who supply New Jersey customers. So whether you're a New Jersey plant supplying New Jersey customers or whether you are a non-New Jersey plant supplying New Jersey customers, the objective is to have the carbon cost be paid by all plants, which is the -- maybe I only briefly alluded to, but that's the comment about putting our coal plants in New Jersey on a level playing field with other coal plants. 
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Also, just as a follow-up question, I know this question has kind of been asked before in different forms, but I know everyone asked about recovering transmission CapEx, but what about the CapEx for IPower and some of the stuff you're doing at the distribution level at PSE&G? Would that require another rate case in New Jersey, or is that already included in your current rate agreement? 
Tom O'Flynn: No, that's fair. Our largest band is on the new transmission, and that can go through FERC through the formula rate process that I'm sure you're familiar with. Other larger segments in the distribution segment of PSE&G would need to go through more normal rate recovery. Under our deal from last fall, we'd have a stay-out where new rates cannot be implemented until the fall of 2009. The large service customer platform that we're putting in that's incremental to our CapEx -- we're capitalizing that, we expect that to go live early '09 and would expect those costs to get rolled into a rate case that would then be effective in the fall of '09. We don't expect that to be a material magnitude in terms of rate requirements, et cetera, but that's how we would recover. We recover through a more traditional rate-making process. To the extent we can get -- to the extent that we end a rate-making process and we have clear visibility on CapEx that are on the horizon, then potentially we can get prospective -- prospective capital put in rate base. We did have some success with that on the gas side of the business on our last go around from last fall. 
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. 
Tom O'Flynn: Okay. 
Operator: Sir, our final question comes from the line of Greg Orrill of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Greg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. 
Tom O'Flynn: Good morning, Greg. 
Greg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, Tom. I was just wondering, just following up on some of the questions on RGGI, is it clear yet when New Jersey would go forward with their auction and also what have you heard in terms of allowances being granted versus auction? Thanks. 
Tom O'Flynn: Greg, it's meant to go live in '09, so the specific schedule is not yet come forth, but one might expect it to be late '08, but that has not yet come forth, but it's meant to be implemented in '09. In terms of the issue on allocation versus auction, that's still up in the air. I believe it's a minimum requirement of at least 25% being auctioned, but there's talk about that number being higher. So that's still subject to discussion. When we might hear final thoughts on that, I'm not aware of a clear date, but obviously the time is getting closer. 
Greg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. 
Tom O'Flynn: I think the -- 
Greg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. 
Tom O'Flynn: There are active discussions going on as we can speak. So whether they'll be some announcements to come out of that -- we've obviously been a part of that. We think there's some constructive dialogue. And as I said, the issue about putting Jersey plants on a level plane with non-Jersey plants we think was very constructive and fair. 
Kathleen Lally: Any other --? 
Operator: Sir and ma'am that does conclude the question-and-answer session. Pardon the interruption. 
Kathleen Lally: Well, thanks very much. Again, we appreciate you all participating in the call and we're available for any questions that we might have. Thank you. 
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks, all. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you very much for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again for attending, and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-31 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kathleen Lally - VP, IR   Ralph Izzo - President and COO   Tom O'Flynn - CFO 
Analysts: Ashar Khan - SAC Capital   Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets   Andrew Levy - Frankfort Advisors   Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates   Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital   Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Company   Viswanath Khaitan - Deutsche Investment Management   Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2006 Earnings Call and web cast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, January 31st, 2007 and will be available for telephone replay for 48 hours beginning at 1 pm Eastern Time today until 1 pm Eastern Time on February 2, 2007. It will also be available as audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at www.pseg.com.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathleen Lally. Please go ahead. 
Kathleen Lally: Thank you very much, and good morning to everyone. We appreciate your listening in today either by telephone or over our website. I will be turning the call over to Ralph Izzo, PSEG's President and Chief Operating Officer for comments on the company’s results and outlook. Also participating in today's call will be Tom O'Flynn, PSEG's Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide a more detailed view of the company's operating and financial results and the forecast for 2007.  Before we begin, however, I just need to make a few points. We issued our earnings release this morning. In case you have not seen it, a copy is posted on our website. We expect to file our Form 10-K with the SEC at the end of February. In today's webcast, we will discuss our future outlook and I must refer you to our forward-looking disclaimer. Although we believe our forecasts are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give you no assurance that they will be achieved. The results or events forecast in our statements today may differ materially from actual results or events. The last word on any of our businesses is contained in the various reports we file with the SEC.  As a reminder, our guidance speaks as of the date it is issued. Any confirmation or update in guidance will only be done in a public manner, generally in the form of a press release or webcast such as this. PSEG may or may not confirm or update guidance with every press release. As a matter of policy, we will not comment on guidance during any one-on-one meeting or individual phone calls.  In the body of our earnings release we provided a table that reconciled net income to operating earnings. We've adopted this format to improve the readability of the release and to provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP terms “net income” and "income from continuing operations" to the non-GAAP term “operating earnings”. The attachments for the press release provide the reconciliation to each of our major businesses.  Operating earnings exclude merger-related costs and the net impact of certain asset sales during the period presented. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing 2006 results to 2005 for all of our businesses. We exclude such costs so that we can better compare our current period results with prior or future periods. Finally, at the end of the prepared remarks Ralph and Tom will take your questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ralph. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen, and good morning. I too appreciate the time you've taken today in listening to our call and I hope you've been able to review the earnings release distributed this morning. I am pleased with the results we reported in that release. As you can see, our operating earnings of $3.71 a share came in at the upper end of guidance for the year. Although we spent much of the year working to complete the merger with Exelon, we kept a close eye on maintaining strong go-it-alone capabilities. As a result, we not only ended the year with operating earnings at the high end of our guidance but also with our strongest outlook in sometime.  PSEG has been a successful company for over a hundred years through many changes in markets and in the industry, and we are equally upbeat about our future. Operational excellence is the foundation for success in our business and in 2006 we demonstrated excellence across the Board. This is a tribute to the hard work of our talented and dedicated employees.  Our Salem and Hope Creek nuclear stations generated more electricity than in any single year prior to 2006, and the Fossil component of the PSEG Power also had its best year of electric production. Strong nuclear and fossil operations enabled us to benefit more fully from a favorable energy pricing environment and enabled PSEG Power to achieve a record level of operating earnings.  PSE&G, our New Jersey energy delivery business continued to operate with best-in-class reliability. Both electric and gas operations have never been stronger. PSE&G also received an important measure of rate relief in November of 2006 that will help its long term financial picture. In addition, to providing a fair return for investors the rate relief provided the resources needed to support our ability to provide safe reliable service.  PSEG Energy Holdings had its most profitable year due in large measure to outstanding performance from its two Texas generating stations. We also reduced international exposure by selling investments in Poland and Brazil in keeping with our long-term strategy for that business. I am pleased to report that the remaining assets are performing on a more predictable basis.  As for the future, we have a positive earnings trajectory based on a combination of strong operations, the prices we've contracted for our anticipated energy supply, and an improving picture for energy capacity markets. Tom will provide more details on this in a moment.  In addition to the results I just described, we've made progress with our most important near-term objective. I already mentioned the rate relief that we received towards the end of the year that will clearly be helpful. We've also completed the redesign of our organization and have most of the senior management team now in place. We're continuing to address staffing needs while working to preserve many of the efficiency savings achieved during the merger process. We anticipate hiring back only 60% of the staff loss during the merger review process. This is exactly the stretch goal we had set for ourselves.  We have also taken steps to make sure our nuclear progress continues, as you probably know, we'll resume direct management of the Salem and Hope Creek facilities before the exploration of our nuclear operating services agreement with Exelon. The three cheerleaders managing Salem and Hope Creek are now employees of PSEG. We have great confidence in them, the stations and the future of our nuclear assets.  I would be greatly [remised] however, if I did not recognize and extend out some serious thanks to John Rowe, Jack Skolds, Chris Crane, and the entire Exelon team for their co-operation and support during this process. I cannot say enough positive things about the support being provided by Exelon management during this transition. We look forward to continuing the improvements and excellence in operations that they started at our sites and with Bill Levis, Tom Joyce and George Barnes' leadership, we are confident about their future success.  Over the past year, you also saw the continued reshaping of our portfolio of assets. The changes made during the year were designed to improve our returns, strength in the balance sheet and sharpen our focus on core operating areas. We remained committed to improving the balance sheet by further reducing debts and as our financial strength improves, we'll be able to pursue options for future growth.  The actions taken over the past year, coupled with higher energy prices, support our forecast improvement in 2007 operating earnings, to a $4.60 to $5 per share, with growth in 2008 in excess of 10%. Power prices have declined since we made this forecast in the fall of 2006, but significant forward head ratios, the sale of Lawrenceburg and a reduction in financing costs continue to provide us with confidence in our forecast.  We are in the process of developing our long run business growth strategy and we will provide you with an update on March 26, when we host the meeting for the financial community, at [Philadelphia Storey] in New York. Now Tom will review the fourth quarter and our outlook for 2007. 
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks Ralph. Good morning. Let me first extend our welcome to Kathleen Lally, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. We know Kathleen from her former roles and you will be happy to know she continues to have a lot of tough questions for us and keep us on our toes.  PSEG reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter of $174 million or $0.69 per share, versus $233 million or $0.94 per share for the 2005 fourth quarter. The strong results for the recent quarter overcame a charge of $0.10 per share, Power, related to impairment of turbines to be sold in 2007. And I also want to remind you that last year's results include a gain of $0.18 from the sale of the Seminole lease.  The year, PSEG reported operating earnings of $938 million or $3.71 per share compared to 2005 amounts of $918 million or $3.77 per share. The results for '06 are based on 252 million shares outstanding, a 3.3% increase over 2005. PSEGs results for the quarter and the year are defined in large parts by strong performance from our generation fleet and higher power prices, offset by warmer weather.  For the fourth quarter, Power reported operating earnings of $102 million or $0.40 and 11% decline in the 113 million or $0.45 from a year ago.  As you know, a number of our strategic activities were reviewed in a different context during the merger process. Shortly after the termination of the merger, Power took a close at two assets in its portfolio that had uncertain long-term value for us. Namely Lawrenceburg and 4EA Turbines. Lawrenceburg is a 1100 megawatt combined cycle gas unit in Indiana that did not integrate well into our PJM eastern based portfolio. During 2006, it produced an operating loss of over $0.10 and although we anticipated improvements in the future, we believe that the unit may be worth more in the hands of another owner.  Early in January, we announced the sale to American Electric Power recorded an after-tax loss of $210 million and the unit was moved to discontinued operations in the fourth quarter. With our completion of the sale, we expect to receive approximately $425 million of after-tax cash flow.  As for the turbines, Power has no immediate use for these units and with the passage of time. Our evaluation is that newer technology proved be more flexible and efficient in new projects. This analysis coupled with interest by a number of potential buyers caused us to decide to monetize these assets and recognize an impairment of $44 million or $0.10 in the fourth quarter. This loss is included in our operating earnings for the quarter and the year.  For the year, Power reported record operating earnings of $515 million worth $2.04 per share, an 11% improvement over '05's operating earnings of $446 million worth $1.83 per share. Power saw an improving margin during the quarter and the year as a result of higher prices for our contracted output and other market hedging activities. Given our strategy of contracting for a few years into the future, we generally experience market prices on a lag basis. Higher pricing added $0.22 to earnings for the quarter and $0.84 to the year.  The continuation of strong operations via nuclear fleet also supported margins for the quarter. Nuclear units operated at a capacity factor of 96% in the fourth quarter resulting in a full year capacity factor also of 96%, which included a record refueling outage at Salem 2 of under 22 days. This performance added $0.02 per share to Power's earnings for the quarter. Earnings were improved by $0.20 per share for the full year as a result of the fleet's year-over-year improvement.  Higher prices and increased output more than offset the effective higher depreciation expense in 2006. The operation of new assets and the absence of Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund gains of $0.05 per share recognized in last year's fourth quarter.  Power's fourth quarter earnings for the BGSS were also down $0.11 versus an unusually strong fourth quarter 2005 that benefited from very high post-hurricane gas prices in normal weather. In contrast, fourth quarter '06 was hurt by warm weather and a lingering effect in the inventory costs of last year's gas price run up. This $0.11 impact during the quarter brought the full year impact to $0.22 per share lower than we saw in 2005.  Looking forward to 2007, our inventory position is better balanced and with some more normal weather, we would expect the BGSS contribution to improve in 2007 by approximately $0.10 to $0.15 over 2006.  Operating earnings for Power in 2007 are expected to be in the range of $770 million to $850 million. The midpoint of this range represents a $295 million increase, a greater than 50% improvement over our '06 operating earnings. The key drivers to this increase are the higher prices for our nuclear in Poland output that are realized because of the rolling nature of our forward hedge positions. The exploration of our contract with United Illuminating in Connecticut, the sale at Lawrenceburg, and our projected improvements in margins on serving the BGSS contract.  In addition to the improvement in energy markets the redesign of capacity markets will also provide reasonable signals for reliability and is expected to enhance Power's margins. There were positive steps in December related to capacity design. First, the transitional period began for the forward capacity market in New England. Capacity prices in New England are approximately $3 per kilowatt [a month]. Second, the FERC approved reliability pricing model for PJM with implementation in June of 2007. Those market changes are expected to be accretive to Power and are forecasted at approximately $100 million to $115 million Power's 2007 margins. Overall, our gross margin per megawatt hour has increased from approximately $33 per megawatt hour in 2005 to approximately $38 per megawatt hour in '06 and is forecasted to expand in '07 by approximately another $10 per megawatt hour.  As you recall, we are pleased to announce during the fourth quarter that we received approval to extend the in-service date of pollution control facilities at Hudson Unit 2 for four years beyond 2006 under an agreement with Federal and State Environmental Authorities. The agreement requires PSEG fossils undertaking number of plant modifications and operating changes to meet targeted reductions in the missions of NOx, SO2, particulate matter and mercury. We also need to notify the authorities by the end of 2007 when we will install the additional pollution controls the Hudson Unit 2 by the end of 2010 or plan for the early shutdown of the unit.  We are in the midst of concluding detailed engineering work and updating our projection of our environmental capital cost for our 2006 Form 10-K. As many of you are aware, the markets for major environmental and construction projects are tight. We may see some increase in our current estimate of environmental capital cost of $400 million to $500 million for Hudson and $300 million to $450 million for Mercer.  PSE&G, our electric and gas utility company reported operating earnings for the quarter of $64 million or $0.25 per share compared with $66 million or $0.26 per share from a year ago. The challenge with PSE&G in the quarter and for the year has been weather and extended delay in receiving rate relief.  For the fourth quarter, warmer than normal weather reduced PSE&G's earnings by $0.06 per share versus prior results, and also, versus normal. For the full year, warmer than normal weather reduced PSE&G's earnings by $0.12 per share versus normal and by $0.19 per share versus 2005 reported earnings. Higher transmission revenues, reduction in operating expenses, and true up of taxes in the quarter allowed PSE&G to almost offset the negative effect of weather.  For the year, PSE&G reported operating earnings of $262 million or $1.04 per share, a 27% decline over '05's operating earnings of $347 million or $1.42. Decline reflects the abnormal weather conditions and the delayed rate relief.  Operating earnings for PSE&G are forecasted to improve in 2007 to $330 million to $350 million, and accordingly this range represents a 30% improvement over '06's operating results. The full year effect of the gas and electric rate agreements approved in November, coupled with more normal weather are the primary drivers behind this forecasted improvement.  PSEG Energy Holdings reported earnings for the fourth quarter of $24 million or $0.10 per share compared to $72 million or $0.30 per share from the fourth quarter of '05. The quarter-over-quarter results primarily reflect the absence of $0.18 per share gain at resources from the sale of the Seminole lease and some other items as illustrated in the attachment 7.  For the year, Holdings reported operating earnings of $227 million or $0.89 per share, a 10% improvement over '05's operating earnings of $196 million or $0.81 per share. These results for '06 include a mark-to market gain of $0.11 per share.  Holdings 2006 earnings are noteworthy considering Global has reduced the invested capital in its portfolio by over $500 million over the past three years, as shown in attachment 9. This decrease was driven by over $900 million of sales of non-strategic international investments, and an after-tax gain of $50 million over this timeframe. As a result, over 90% of Global's portfolio consists of its investments in Chile and Peru, primarily stable distribution companies and our US generation business.  The sale of assets and reduction in recourse debt by Holdings [throughout] the subsidiary, contributed $95 million to PSEG in the fourth quarter.  Operating earnings for Holdings have forecasted a decline '07 to $130 million to $145 million. The largest reduction from '06 to '07 is our Texas assets. Due to a variety of factors, including the absence of '06's mark-to-market gain. A large decrease in spark spreads year-over-year and additional plant maintenance outages. We also anticipate that the implementation of the new accounting standard for uncertain tax positions, FIN-48, will reduce Holding's earnings, particularly with respect with some leases at resources.  Finally, I'd like to make some comments regarding our consolidated cash flow and liquidity. In 2006, cash flow from operations was very strong, generating $1.9 billion. This represents improvement than the $925 million from last year. The improvement was largely due to reduced cash collateral postings by Power and approved receivables. [Absent] changes in working capital, cash from operations improved by $100 million year-over-year.  In addition to meaningful excess cash from operations during 2006, the after-tax cash proceeds from the sale of assets and Holdings contributed more than $600 million of additional cash flow. This primarily reflects the sale of our interest in RGE and two generating facilities in Poland. In total, excess cash to pay down recourse debt was about $950 million. We have available liquidity at yearend 2006 exceeding $3 billion.  In the fourth quarter, we refinanced $3.2 billion of credit facilities, (inaudible) Enterprise grew $1 billion, Power for $1.6 billion and Utility for $600 million. All three Power facilities mature in 2011.  Debt reduction has materially strengthened our balance sheet, in conjunction with refinancing our credit facilities, our covenant calculations were relaxed by our lenders. Normalizing for changes to our covenant calculations, we reduced our financial leverage by about 4 percentage points during 2006. 00:17 15th file pro forma -- with the anticipated proceed from the sale of Lawrenceburg, we will have reduced our leverage to about 50%. This reduction leverage is expected to reduce operating expenses at the Holding Company level, to a range of $50 million to $60 million in '07 versus $66 million.  In summary, we are pleased with our performance for 2006 and believe we are well positioned for 2007. Highlights include, as Ralph went through, earnings are expected to grow by one-third from $4.60 to $5 per share. Our capital structure is improving, operating risk has been reduced, improved operations, strong forward hedge portfolio and reduced international risk.  Now Ralph and I would be pleased to take questions. 
Kathleen Lally: Operator? 
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session for members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). And the first question is coming from the line of Ashar Khan with SAC Capital. Please proceed. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning. Tom, could you just go over what the hedges are? Could you update your hedge information, the last information I had was that EEI, could you update what the hedges stand currently for '07, '08 and '09? 
Tom O'Flynn: Sure. Those are generally still reasonable numbers, still reasonable ranges for those folks who don't have the information there at the EEI presentation we said in '07, we are about 85% to 95% hedged, '08 was 65% to 80%, and '09 was 10% to 40%. Those are still reasonable ranges. When we talk about hedge ratios, we generally talk about our forward nuclear and coal as that represents about 85% of our megawatt hours, a higher percentage of our margin. We also would expect to update those in the K to the extent there is any material changes. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. I guess this PJM auction will move those hedges upwards, is that a fair assumption? 
Tom O'Flynn: The BGS auction does commence next week. As you probably know, we are not able to comment on that even to the extent that we are participating in it, just for confidentiality reason. So, yes, there is BGS auction next week. Yes, it does allow all generators an opportunity including ourselves if they participate to move those hedges up. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And if I can just end up, could you just give us what is -- I know you mentioned a $10 margin improvement in '07 gross margin, could you tell us roughly what it would be in '08, which is an excess of 10% the guidance? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah, we are still -- and also this is your last first question. It would not be as -- we would still see margin improvement from '07 to '08. It would not be in the magnitude of 10 bucks per megawatt hour, but it would support an overall earnings increase for PSEG of 10% and more from '07 to '08. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Ralph, is your strategic review of Holdings complete or could we see some more divestitures? 
Ralph Izzo: Paul, that's still a work in progress. We were looking at the whole portfolio there and we may be able to say modestly more things in the March timeframe at the analyst conference, but right now I just simply leave it at that. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And Tom, just more granularity around the $4.60 to $5, has the pullback towards the top end of that pretty much out of range at this point? 
Tom O'Flynn: We generally, Paul, don't comment on ranges within ranges. I'd say since the EEI prices have come down a little bit 2 to 4 bucks depending upon where you are in the curve. At the same time, there have been some offsets. I think we mentioned that Lawrenceburg had been an operating drag. That won't be there in '07, so we're still very comfortable with our $4.60 to $5 range. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: But the previous -- the $4.60 to $5 had about a 10% loss from Lawrenceburg? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you very much. 
Tom O'Flynn: Right there, yeah. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Andrew Levy with [Frankfort Advisors]. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Levy - Frankfort Advisors: Hey, guys. 
Tom O'Flynn: Hi. 
Andrew Levy - Frankfort Advisors: Hiring Kathleen is like letting the fox in the henhouse, but congratulations. Hey, Kathleen. 
Tom O'Flynn: Well, I would rather hear for (inaudible). 
Andrew Levy - Frankfort Advisors: No, it's a smart fox, a very smart fox. So, it works so well. Hey, just a quick question. Is there any political pressure that you guys are seeing just relating to electric rates? 
Ralph Izzo: I think that there is always political pressure to keep electric rates under control, Andrew. But the reality is, if you look at the retail rates that New Jersians are seeing and how they have moved relative to other states nearby, it's a real tribute to the intelligence of the design of the BGS auction. So it's been a -- I think it's been a regulatory success here. 
Andrew Levy - Frankfort Advisors: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys. 
Ralph Izzo: Good morning. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just the Energy Holdings, it would be -- I guess you guys are not expecting mark-to-market gain and that sort of explains about a third of the decrease that you are expecting for ’07. How does the other, the new accounting standard and the spark spreads breakout after that? 
Tom O'Flynn: I think in general, if we take Texas, first of all, Paul, this year our net income after tax contribution in Texas was about $80 million to $85 million. As you see in one of the attachments, almost $30 million of that was mark-to-market, I think the number is 28 to 29. So, you it kind of back into a mid 50s -- a mid 50s type of number excluding the mark-to-market, we are not anticipating mark-to-market this year. And we expect Texas to be down about $20 million, probably the biggest piece that is sparks coming from last year realized sparks were 19 to 20. We've got no forecast right now, but 15 to 16. And then -- so that brings you down about two-thirds of that decrement and then the other piece would be some maintenance outage as we do expense those as they come along. So that's the biggest -- that's kind of the waterfall if you will, on Texas. 
Ralph Izzo: With respect to FIN-48 caution ate that we are (inaudible 00:13 19 file) units, it's a very detailed and a cumbersome thing to work through. We have been talking about this for a few months. I think in general, our guidance would contemplate a FIN-48 headwind if you will, a reduction to earnings in the mid-20s. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just on the nuclear capacity factor for '07 and '08. I think you said it was 96% for the year in '06? What do you guys think it's going to be with refueling and everything, the schedule on just to --, your expectation for '07 and '08 going forward? 
Tom O'Flynn: I think 96% was a good number, we certainly wouldn't count that, but it would be a number in low 90's. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Low 90's. 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Tom O'Flynn: 90 to 92, something that kind of range. 
Operator: Your next question is from Zachary Schreiber with Duquesne Capital. Please proceed with your question. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Hi its Zach Schreiber from Duquesne. Congratulations Kathleen. 
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Zach. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Just say a quick question, Tom, on the RPM, the $100 million to $150 million. Is that a year-over-year number or is that an absolute number? 
Tom O'Flynn: No, it is a year-over-year. It is in '06 versus '07. Consistent Zach, I think we talked about November, at the EEI. The PJM-RPM as you all know has generally come through as anticipated. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Okay. 
Tom O'Flynn: The '06 is obviously smaller, so you would expect another increase from '07 to '08, even if the dollars per kilowatt year don't change, just because the PJM-RPM, we really don't get a lot for the first five months of '07. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Okay. And then on the CapEx, on the environmental side, is there anything you can just sort of put some parameters around the digit. Since I got from your comments was, may be its a little bit higher, but not a huge amount, but can you just cooperate if it is higher, how much higher and just put some parameters around that? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah I [advise], stay away from that. We are, as I said doing detail engineering estimates, and we are also in the middle of some negations, discussions with some outsiders. It will be in the K. I'd say -- Zach, we generally see it as a manageable number, but I think the purpose was to just remind people as you are probably seeing from other folks in the sector. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Yeah 
Tom O'Flynn: That there was some pressure and you may see some movement. It's a manageable amount, but its certainly enough, that's -- we are working our best to manage it. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Okay. Can you just remind us on the number of megawatts that you would be scrubbing and rest of the things, so we would just have some benchmark whether its -- you are assuming $300 a kilowatt, or $200 a kilowatt or $600, so we shouldn't know what kind of --? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah, Hudson is six, in Mercer is the same. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Hudson is six. 
Tom O'Flynn: So you get it. Yeah. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Okay. 
Tom O'Flynn: So the other dam -- Hudson you can -- adjust about the simple number, we talked about four to five, which is moving. You can still see that they (inaudible) 600 megawatts of coal, Hudson is located in a very attractive place, almost constrained area of load pocket, to stop the [ballasting skyway] from driving in your city. And it's steadily -- and attractive facility in a very key location. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Okay. And on this Connecticut lawsuit -- is there -- to us, it doesn’t seem like the Attorney General would have any way to do what he is proposing to do and [singling] on the FERC Regulation and EWG and [Federal Fund] Rate Adoption is that the proper way to think about this or is there any way that there is some sort of wrinkle in which that Connecticut can try and impose its regulatory jurisdiction over apparently deregulated generation? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes Zach, we don't think we will be giving legal views over the -- on the wire (inaudible) --currently, there has been some press up there, I'd just say that there was certainly a sale out there that was fully competitive with the plants. There is a good competitive market, that energy prices, SCM in there. I think from our own standpoint, if you just look at the total (inaudible) acts, we expect to do well in '07, but we did not do well. So in '06 and '05, if you look at the full package, just given that we signed a three year contract with UI in late 2003, if you look at the full package of our profitability in that period, it has actually been quite marginal until the last couple of weeks. But any way we think all the pieces that bill into market make sense, but there is no detailed piece available of legislation we are going to look at right now, it's really more a thing throughout the press. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Last question, on the coal cost, are you guys getting helped by lower coal costs? 
Tom O'Flynn: May be two of them, (inaudible) we tend to hedge pretty far forward. So that if we did it, it would really be more out in the '09-'10 timeframe. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Got it. 
Tom O'Flynn: Our coal buy tends to be equal to or may be even a shade longer than our forward hedging. 
Zachary Schreiber - Duquesne Capital: Got it. Thanks so much guys and congratulations, Kathleen. 
Kathleen Lally: Thank you, Zach. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question is from Danielle Seitz with Dahlman Rose & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Company: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify the $100 to $150 million is just for RPM or is it includes also New England? 
Tom O'Flynn: That would be all capacity. 
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Company: Okay. And it includes New England as well? 
Tom O'Flynn: It includes New England and it also includes New York to the extent that our best line energy facility gets something. 
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Company: Okay, okay. And may I ask, do you feel that you have pretty much done with the assets sales you wanted to do at Holdings? 
Tom O'Flynn: Danielle, I'll go back to Ralph's question -- I mean response that I think we've… 
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Company: I mean you seems to be reaching a steady state there? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah, I think we've sold the assets that are the largest in an area that we don't have a regional mass of assets. Certainly the U.S. assets have a lot of fit towards its Texas and then some smaller IPPs in California plants that are all consistent with our strategy. There are lot of assets in Latin America. I think as Ralph said, we are doing some reassessment of those, nothing at this point to report we may have some more discussion of those at our analyst session in late March. But sorry, I think we just say that consistent with what we've done in last couple of years from time to time with those opportunistic things for us to pursue, but nothing specific at this time. 
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Company: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Viswanath Khaitan with Deutsche Investment Management. Please proceed with your question. 
 Viswanath Khaitan - Deutsche Investment Management: Hello and thank you. Nobody has said Vishwanath before, so I am glad to here somebody say that. Bigger question for Ralph or Tom, strategic question that '07, '08 may be catch-up years for you as you show some improvement in earnings, so when do you see the normalization of earnings? Is it at the end of '08 or do you think there are more drivers in '09 and beyond to grow beyond the normal growth rate? 
Tom O'Flynn: We'll achieve that after '08. 
Kathleen Lally: You are asking -- 
 Viswanath Khaitan - Deutsche Investment Management: What I am asking is that, when do you reach the normalized earnings level, is it in '08 or there are other drivers in '09 or '10 to continue to grow beyond normal growth rate? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah, -- [breaking] channel, I would say we've talked about some growth from '07 to '08. As you look out after '08, very much of it gets into the markets driven by Power and PSE&G and Holdings are relatively stable. PSE&G is, if you think about in '07 has got to a normalized earnings level. Holdings businesses are reasonably stable. So, the growth to come from Power, as we said, it takes a couple of years for us -- couple of few years for us to lag into the forward curve that's happening over '07, '08. We do have one meaningful contract that drops off at the end of '08. That’s a primary megawatt around a clock sale. That's a number of years old, but for last of our older contracts. So, that will be a nice embedded pop form '08 to '09. But after that, it's in -- it's looking at the forward capacity and energy curves, and also with some growth initiatives that we are thinking to at this time. 
Ralph Izzo: And Vish, clearly just to follow-up on what Tom said, I mean the whole reason for positioning the balance would be to take advantage of opportunities that will exist 18 to 24 months from now, and just being able to play in that market, fulfill it forcefully, and with growth in mind. 
 Viswanath Khaitan - Deutsche Investment Management: Right. And what about the carbon legislation, will that also give you some kickers? 
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, we are part of the Clean Energy Group. We have supported several of the proposals discussed in Washington, clearly carbon constraint future is a positive future for our shareholders. So, no doubt which position we will be speaking out in that arena. 
 Viswanath Khaitan - Deutsche Investment Management: Right. Okay. Thank you. 
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks Vish. 
Operator: Your next question is from Clark Orsky with KDP Investment Advisors. Please proceed. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Yeah, I had a couple more on Holdings. Can you tell me what cash at Holdings was at the end of the year and what cash flow from operations was there in the fourth quarter? 
Tom O'Flynn: You're saying cash flow from operations or cash on hand? 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Both. 
Tom O'Flynn: Cash on hand I think was reasonably modest, because I think I said that we paid $95 to $90 dividend in December and [our complete] cash is in $30 million range at the end of the year. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Okay 
Tom O'Flynn: And cash from operations for the year was in the 150 million range. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Okay. And was debt pretty much the same, as it was at 930, at that level of Holdings? 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, George, there was no material. Holdings we have a bank line that we use very-very frequently. It's a $150 million $200 million line. But there was 1.15 billion of Holdings bonds outstanding and those were still outstanding. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Okay 
Tom O'Flynn: Yeah we made purchases on those obviously over the last couple of years, but 930 to 1230, [we had] no change. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Okay. And then, just a couple on the guidance for Holdings, is there a tax rate we can use for Holdings for next year? 
Tom O'Flynn: We have to get back to you with more details, it does move around a little bit, especially some of the tax rate is a function of consolidation, especially with some of the resource leases. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Right. 
Tom O'Flynn: In general the US business is -- our tax before rate 40% or so international businesses, we book at lower rates. So may be number is in the 20s. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Okay and I guess -- I was just wondering about equity and earnings next year and sort of what's baked into the -- your forecast? 
Ralph Izzo: For Holdings? 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Yeah. Sort of similar to this year, I think it was about 120 for the year or something? 
Ralph Izzo: Well, we said 125 to 140 is that line of release. I think the way to think about it is that the business is down and Chile and Peru are quite stable. The Texas, I think I went through that with an earlier caller. Okay. That we see coming down both the mark-to-market and at about $20 million after-tax and net income for sparks and some maintenance. And then the other businesses are smaller contributors. And on the other piece, it's a non-cash piece, but its book [accrual] is under FIN-48 and its related FAS-132, for leases, its in the mid-20s. There is a drain. 
Clark Orsky - KDP Investment Advisors: Okay. Okay I appreciate it. 
Operator: Mr. Izzo, Mr. O'Flynn, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks. 
Kathleen Lally: Okay, thank you very much. I would again like to thank you all for participating in the call and if you have any further questions, please feel free to call us. I can be reached on 973-430-6565 and I would myself or any member of the IR team will be happy to help. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for participating. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mort Plawner - IR Tom O'Flynn - CFO Ralph Izzo - CEO 
Analysts: Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management Analyst for Gerald Chung - Banc of America Securities Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management David Frank – Piqua Capital Management Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists
Operator: Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group third quarter 2006 earnings conference call and webcast. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mort Plawner. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mort Plawner: Thank you and good morning. We appreciate your listening in today, either by telephone or over our website. I will be turning the call over to Tom O'Flynn, PSEG's CFO, for a review of our third quarter results. First, I need to make a few points. We issued our earnings release this morning. In case you have not seen it, a copy is posted on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q with the SEC later today, which will contain additional information. In today's webcast, Tom will discuss our future outlook and so I must refer you to our forward-looking disclaimer. Although we believe our forecasts are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that they will be achieved. The results or events forecast in our statements today may differ materially from actual results or events. The last word on any of our businesses is contained in the various reports we file with the SEC.  As a reminder, our guidance speaks as of the date it is issued. Any confirmation or update in guidance will only be done in a public manner, generally in the form of a press release or webcast such as this. PSEG may or may not confirm or update guidance with every press release. As a matter of policy, we will not comment on guidance during any one-on-one meeting or individual phone call.  In the body of our earnings release we provided a table that reconciled net income to operating earnings. We've adopted this format to improve the readability of the release and to provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP term “net income” and the non-GAAP term “operating earnings”. The attachments to the press release provide a reconciliation for each of our major businesses.  Operating earnings exclude the merger-related costs and the net impact of certain asset sales during the period presented. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing 2006 results to 2005 for all our businesses. We exclude such costs so that we can better compare our current period results with prior or future periods.  Finally, Tom will take your questions at the conclusion of the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you, I will now turn the call over to Tom. 
 Tom O'Flynn: Thanks, Mort. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I hope you've had a chance to review the release we put out this morning. On this call, I will briefly go over our results for the third quarter, and discuss some of the major issues.  Briefly, operating earnings for PSEG were $372 million for the quarter, an increase of $93 million or $0.34 from the third quarter of last year. Can you just make sure the mic is on mute, please? We've got a little bit of speaker interference or listener interference. Operator, if you're still there? 
Operator: Yes, sir. 
 Tom O'Flynn: Can you make sure all the phones are on mute with the exception of mine? 
Operator: All lines are muted, sir. 
 Tom O'Flynn: As I said, the operating earnings for PSEG were $372 million for the quarter, an increase of $93 million, or $0.34 from the third quarter of last year. Third quarter results were strong for power and holdings and slightly off for utility.  At Power, higher prices for generation output and strong operations boosted margins for the quarter. However, high depreciation and the absence of an NDT restructuring gain in the same quarter last year somewhat dampened the quarter over quarter impact. PSEG results reflect the delay of rate relief caused by merger-related issues. However, we are pleased that earlier this week we reached an agreement to settle the outstanding gas and electric cases, which will allow us the opportunity to earn a fair rate of return. I'll provide more details in a moment.  For holdings, our two Texas plants provided a significant uplift in our earnings for the quarter, both in terms of cash earnings as well as mark-to-market gains. Our overall results continue to support our 2006 operating earnings guidance of $3.45 to $3.75 a share, as well as our guidance for 2007, which is $4.60 to $5 per share.  Power reported operating earnings of $203 million or $0.81 per share for the quarter, $67 million or $0.26 per share above '05 results. ESEG reported operating earnings of $86 million, or $0.34 for the quarter, lower than last year's results of $115 million or $0.47 per share. Finally, holdings reported operating earnings of $101 million or $0.40 per share for the quarter, an increase of $53 million or $0.20 over last year.  As I go through the three major businesses, I'll provide more insight into the changes from last year, using earnings per share as the measure. I should note that PSEG had on average about 8 million more shares outstanding for the quarter compared to last year, a result of our prior mandatory convertible security. Full quarter-to-quarter reconciliation of our operating company's results can be found on attachment 6 of the press release.  Starting with PSEG Power, we continue to benefit from strong operations throughout our generation fleet, and in particular, continued improvements at our nuclear operations. During the critical summer months, our New Jersey units at Hope Creek and Salem ran at a capacity factor of nearly 100%, coupled with the strong performance at Peak’s Bottom, our nuclear operations added about $0.03 per share from the same quarter of last year.  For the quarter, our nuclear operations have shown tremendous improvement. Our New Jersey units ran at a capacity factor of 95% versus 86% for the first nine months of 2005. Our five-unit fleet has a year-to-date capacity factor of 96%, a 6% improvement over last year's results of 90%.  I'm also very pleased to report that Salem Unit 2 synched to the grid earlier this morning after a successful refueling outage completed in just under 21 days 10 hours, a record time for that site. Congratulations to Bill Levis, Tom Joyce and our entire team for continued good work.  As you're aware, our Salem and Hope Creek units are currently run under nuclear operating services contracts with Exelon. PSEG has provided notice to Exelon that it is electing to continue the contract for two years, during which times the companies will move into a transition phase. At the same time, PSEG continues to consider a number of long-term alternatives and we expect to define our long-term strategy well before the two-year period is completed.  Alternatives range from rebuilding our standalone nuclear capabilities to long-term Exelon operations that could also be accompanied by a swap in nuclear capacity. PSEG also retains the right to extend the transition phase of the contract for an additional year if it so elects.  Power also saw large margin improvements as a result of higher contract prices and other market hedging activities. Given our strategy of contracting for a few years into the future, we generally see market prices impacting us on a lag basis. Higher realized prices from our forward sales contracts added $0.34 to Power's earnings for the quarter versus last year's results. One driver to this increase is the recognition of a full quarter of the 2006 BGS auction results. This auction cleared, as you know, at $102 per megawatt hour and replaced a three--year-old BGS contract that rolled off at $55 per megawatt hour. This added $0.17 per share to the third quarter results, including the seasonal effect of pricing. Year-to-date, our margins have improved by over $6 per megawatt hour versus the same period last year, an increase we expect to sustain through year end.  The impact of Power's Linden generation station, which was placed in service in May of this year, resulted in a reduction of $0.06 over the third quarter of 2005. This impact predominantly reflects higher interest and depreciation costs. Also the third quarter of this year overcame the absence of nuclear decommissioning trust fund gains of $38 million that were recognized in the third quarter of last year. These prior-year gains were the result of fund restructuring and asset rebalancing.  We continue to make constructive progress on an environmental resolution regarding our 600 megawatt Hudson coal-fired generation facility in Northern New Jersey. The company has been in negotiations with the EPA and the NJDEP on a proposed alternate pollution reduction plan. The plan would achieve similar emission reductions to those contemplated in a 2002 agreement and allow for the Hudson unit to continue operating on coal beyond the current December 2006 deadline. Such agreement would allow investments in pollution control facilities of approximately $400 million to $500 million to be made over the next several years.  While these negotiations are ongoing, Power is hopeful that a settlement can be reached in the near future. In anticipation of such a settlement, Power has increased its environmental reserves in the third quarter by approximately $15 million or $0.06 per share to cover costs expected as a result of this potential agreement.  Now turning to PSEG, for the quarter the utility was down $29 million or $0.13 per share compared to the third quarter of 2005. The absence of rate relief to offset the expiration of the excess depreciation credit was responsible for $0.04 of this decline. Weather, while above normal, was below last year's record-setting levels and resulted in a $0.03 reduction quarter over quarter. Third quarter 2006 was 9.6% above normal, while third quarter '05 was 29.8% above normal. Moderately lower usage further reduced earnings about $0.02 per share.  Although PSEG was challenged during the quarter with six major summer storms with record heat that pushed electric demand to an all-time peak, it continues to perform in the top quartile in national peer panels for frequency of customer interruptions, average customer restoration time and a number of other variables. Also the quarter was affected by higher depreciation and amortization and increased O&M totaling $0.03 per share.  On the regulatory front, we have reached a settlement agreement with the BPU staff and public advocate and other intervening parties on both the gas base rate case and electric distribution financial review. We caution these settlements are not final until acted upon by the BPU. We anticipate the approval and implementation of the new rates shortly.  Our original gas petition was for $133 million. The settlement provides a $40 million increase in rates and a $39 million reduction in depreciation and amortization expenses resulting in $79 million of incremental margin.  On the electric side, we sought to eliminate the $64 million rate credit authorized in August of 2003. The continuation of the rate credit has put pressure on PSEG's earnings this year. The settlement eliminates most of that rate credit which, with volume growth, represents additional revenues of $47 million. PSEG has agreed that these base rates would remain in effect until November of 2009.  We also settled the BGSS filing that would lower residential gas bills by 6%, reflecting the lower commodity costs. Of course changes in the BGSS rates have no earnings impact to PSEG.  Overall, we're pleased that we were able to lower gas residential bills by 4.4% and only increase electric bills by less than 1%. These settlements are fair, and give us the opportunity to earn an ROE of 10%, but more importantly, they reflect a regulatory climate in New Jersey that recognizes the importance of outstanding utility service to its customers while providing a fair return to investors. We're pleased that the BPU staff and the public advocate have been able to focus on these traditional issues so quickly after the demanding merger proceedings.  Now finally onto Energy Holdings. As you recall, earlier this year Holdings was very successful in selling its interest in two coal-fired plants in Poland and its interest in RGE, a Brazilian electric company. These sales resulted in net proceeds of approximately $612 million, a net after-tax gain of approximately $51 million and improve the equity of Holdings by $240 million. These sales, coupled with operating cash flows, resulted in Holdings accumulating over $750 million of funds which it invested on a short-term basis with PSEG. In September, Holdings utilized these funds, returning $425 million of capital to PSEG and calling $300 million of debt for early retirement.  Operating earnings for the third quarter of '06 were up sharply from the comparable period last year. The results were largely driven by our Texas generation business as the improvement in spark spreads in the Texas market continued into the third quarter. Our 2,000 megawatt plants have operated very well, able to benefit from high spark spreads available in the market. The margins achieved this year will be difficult to repeat in '07, as a result of projected lower spark spreads, planned maintenance outage and more normal weather.  A recent drop in prices at the end of the third quarter led to a sizable unrealized gain for certain of our fixed price contracts that are required to be mark-to-market to earnings under the accounting rules. We have a number of contracts for delivery over the balance of the year, a portion for 2007 and one longer-term contract that runs through 2010. As prices declined at the end of the third quarter, these fixed price contracts became more valuable, leading to an unrealized gain.  Holdings also reported continued lower interest expense for the quarter, driven by the redemption of debt in January and a short-term investment of cash in the asset sales for PSEG. The cost associated with the call of $300 million of notes in September totaled approximately $0.03 and were included in third quarter results. Also, Holdings had lower income taxes this quarter relative to last year, contributing approximately $0.09, largely driven by the absence of tax expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2005 in connection with the repatriation of funds under the Jobs Act.  The balance of holdings businesses including resources leasing businesses, global South American distribution investments and domestic contracted generation plants, are meeting this year's expectations.  That concludes my review of the business segments. I would now like to summarize the mark-to-markets earnings impact. We have experienced some meaningful mark-to-market impacts and have added schedule 11 to the earnings release which indicates that the third quarter impact to PSEG is $0.17, $0.05 and $0.12 for Power and Holdings respectively. As specified in this attachment, year-to-date PSEG has realized a benefit of $0.16 and we currently expect about one-third of that to reverse over the fourth quarter.  Finally I would like to make some comments regarding our consolidated cash flow and liquidity. Through September, cash flow from operations has been very strong, generating more than $1.4 billion from operations. This represents more than $500 million of an increase versus the same period last year, which is largely driven by increased earnings at Power and reduced collateral requirements.  In addition to meaningful excess cash from ops, the after-tax proceeds from the sales of assets at Holdings contributed an incremental $600 million of cash for 2006. Consistent with these factors, combined PSEG and Power have available liquidity of almost $3 billion.  From a financing perspective, in April of this year we hit a maturity of $500 million at Power, and maturities totally $322 million earlier at PSEG. Through September, strong cash flow has allowed us not to refinance these maturities.  From a balance sheet perspective, we have made significant improvements. At the end of 2005, our debt to capitalization as defined by our lenders was about 60%. As of September, this ratio had fallen to 53%, driven by strong earnings, collateral reductions and other equity improvements.  That concludes my remarks. Just my last comment before we take questions is that we are looking forward to seeing everybody at the EI. I'm pleased to say that Ralph Izzo will be joining us for the duration of the conference and giving us his assessment of the company’s current position and prospects. As you know, Ralph has recently been promoted to President and COO of PSEG after serving as President of PSE&G for the past three years.  Operator, and we can now open it up for questions.
 Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys. The mark-to-market gains, how do we model that going forward? What is the expectation in the 2007 numbers for any mark-to-market adjustments? Do you expect any of those to reverse out? What is the expectation for that, since it was a big of a driver this quarter?
Ralph Izzo: It was a bit of a driver this quarter. It does move around, I think over the long run it is expected to be zero, to be honest. If you just go back, even in the first couple of quarters, the first quarter of this year it was down $0.07; the second quarter it was positive $0.06 so halfway through the year we are basically at zero. We were $0.17 up this year, the biggest part of that was Texas. It is one of the few contracts we mark-to-market.  As I said, about one-third of that is based on quarter end forward prices we expect to reverse.
 Tom O'Flynn: Just in terms of our contracts, really the majority of our activities are either hedge accounting, which is not mark-to-market, or get normal purchase and sale. That is for the majority of our contracts at Power and most of our contracts at Holdings. The one major exception we have is a long-term contract we’ve got for 250 megawatts for four-and-a-half more years at Texas. 
Ralph Izzo: In the long run, Paul, I think it is going to move around quarter to quarter, but as we think about our business going forward, it is a net neutral.
 Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Weather versus normal, you had mentioned what it was versus the year-over-year, but what is it versus normal? Do you have a rough idea of the last nine months how much weather has contributed?
 Tom O'Flynn: The last nine months were below normal by about $0.12. About two-thirds of that is gas.
 Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: So about $0.12 a share is lower than what normal weather would have brought in?
 Tom O'Flynn: Yes, and that is largely gas from January/February.
 Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Finally, when is the settlement effective? I know you probably mentioned it, but somehow I got distracted when you were talking about it. When does the settlement become effective after the BPU rules on it? 
 Tom O'Flynn: The settlement has to be reviewed by the BPU, we're hopeful that can be done in the near term. We are hopeful that upon it being approved, rates would be effective very shortly thereafter. We are obviously especially sensitive and optimistic that they will become effective before the winter heating season. 
 Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Was this expected in your 2007 guidance? Was this anticipated or something similar to this? 
 Tom O'Flynn: We generally anticipated getting a fair resolution of this, though this is within the range of expectations. 
 Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management. 
 Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management : Good morning, Tom. Could you just go back, you had mentioned reaching debt targets at September. I was going back to the call a month ago. At what point, based on your outlook for next year, do you start having excess cash or capital return to shareholders? Where does that happen in your forecast? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Sure, Ashar. Just to review our debt to cap is 53%; there are different ways to look at it, but the one we look at the most consistently is how our lenders define it. We expect to have continued improvements to that. In terms of when excess cash can be used to grow the business as opposed to retire debt, if that's what you're getting to, I think that's really an ’08 question. We still want to use cash fourth quarter in '07 to continue to improve our credit profile. And as you know, it's a mixture of cash flow coverage, cash flow to debt, as well as debt to cap. So as we look at the majority of those, I think it's realistically '08 before we would have cash flow that could be used for discretionary growth of the business.  That's outside. We clearly feel comfortable we have the cash flow to run the business, including some CapEx and other fundamental business requirements, but in terms of cash for additional investments or share repurchase, things like that, in my mind that's an '08 question. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management: Tom, can you just mention, I don't know if could you update us on what your hedging is for the next couple of years? Where you are? 
 Tom O'Flynn: It's pretty consistent, at least the ranges are still within where we are. We've shown this slide before. For 2006, we're at over 95% for the remaining couple of months. For '07 we're 85% to 95%, for ‘08 we're in the 65% to 80% range. '09 would be less than 50% is probably how I would characterize it right now. As we characterize those percentages, the denominator is really our base load nuke and coal. That's the majority of our margin, that's the easiest to project.  As you know, looking forward your gas generation (a) it’s less profitable and (b) the volume is a little harder to measure because it’s based on regional prices, weather and all sorts of things. 
 Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Management : Just going to, I don't know if Ralph or you could address it, as earnings grow huge, the next couple of years, how do you look at the dividend in respect to earnings in terms of payout? If could you give some indication as to how you would look at it? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Ashar, this will be the last question and then we have to move on. I think in general, we’ve shown the dividend over the last couple of years, to grow through the dividend. Clearly our financial picture is better so as we assess the dividend in conjunction with our year end financial planning process, we will look to whether we have the ability to continue our growth and whether we can do better.  But other than that, it's going to be hard for us to comment. Those are things that we do in conjunction with our year end financial and business planning process that culminates in our December board meeting. Next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerald Chung - Banc of America Securities. 
 Analyst for Gerald Chung - Banc of America Securities: Can you give us an update on the supply contract you have in Connecticut? I think it's supposed to reprice in '07? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Yes. Our contract with the utility up in Connecticut does end at the end of this year. We would, if it was signed three years ago at this time, I think I've said before, it looked like a good contract then, but it is materially below market. So as we go forward in '07 we would expect materially better profitability out of our Connecticut unit, even for its 375 megawatt coal plant, New Haven is largely RMR, that's not going to change as much.  We've done some forward hedging as you might expect, but we would expect to get prices running through our income statement in January more reflective of the market. 
 Analyst for Gerald Chung - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So, going forward, we should expect a bit of an upside from the current Connecticut contract? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Yes, only because we'd expect to be earning margins that are reflective of current market conditions as opposed to very old market conditions. 
 Analyst for Gerald Chung - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Just one more question. Holdings has been monetizing assets quite a bit. Going forward, how should we be thinking about Holdings as a part of PSEG? Is this something that you guys are continuing to fold completely in the long term? Or is this something that we should see as a part of PSEG in the long term? 
 Tom O'Flynn:  I think we'll continue to look for opportunities to monetize assets. I think we've shown a couple this year that have been quite beneficial for debt holders and for PSEG equity holders. That's been out there for a while. I think as we look forward, as we’ve done before, we'll assess markets, assess the fit. But we'd likely continue to seek opportunities to monetize assets. No material change in the pace of those. That's one of the things we'll look at going forward. 
 Analyst for Gerald Chung - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management.
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: Good morning, gentlemen. I think I missed a couple of things I just wanted to confirm. Did you say on the Hudson plant capital expenditures of $400 million to $500 million? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Yes, That would be the environmental CapEx that I think we had in our Q last quarter, and we'll have it again. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: Has that been updated? I'm just trying to understand if it's a view that hasn’t been changed or it has been updated and you still believe it's $400 million to $500 million. 
 Tom O'Flynn: We still believe it. It is consistent with the number that we'll have in our Q that we expect to file later today. It was in our Q -- at least the prior Q, maybe going back a year or so -- it might have been $50 million less. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: Should a settlement not be reached, you do not plan to shut the plant off on December 31st, right? Or in fact would PJM just not allow you to? 
 Tom O'Flynn:  That's hard to forecast. I think as I said, we are hopeful of a constructive resolution. The fact that we took a reserve of $15 million, though being a negative this quarter would be consistent with us having a reasonable expectation of getting a constructive resolution. We have just for technical reasons, we did put PJM on notice that we do not have a final resolution and, therefore, that could cause an issue in January. But that was more of a technical filing. At this point, it's hard to get into other “what ifs”. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: My other question deals with the current rate settlement you've reached -- and congrats on doing that. I wanted to ask you, you mentioned there was a depreciation credit that will come into effect or shall I say non-cash adjustments that will not affect customers that should flow through the income statement. Could you outline them? 
 Tom O'Flynn: The major pieces, part of our increase on the gas side of 133 requested an increase in depreciation. I think it was about $50 million. What we ended up doing was getting an increase of $40 million that would flow through and impact customers' rates. We actually decreased the depreciation or extended the useful life of the plants. The depreciation rate is less than 2%, which would suggest a fairly long life, which is certainly consistent with how we use our gas facilities. Pipes in the ground last a long time. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: So besides the $87 million increase from increase in customer rates, how much of that is going to be additional benefit from change in the depreciation? 
 Tom O'Flynn: There's another $39 million of non-cash expense reduction, if you will. So the total impact to our EBIT would be the $87 million plus the $39 million.
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: If can you comment in general about how the rate settlement compares to expectations. Can you talk about implied earned ROE or anything in that regard? 
 Tom O'Flynn: No, I think what I'd say is the gas, that was a full rate case so that does contemplate a 10% ROE with the capital structure we've got, 47.5%, 48% equity so it's very consistent with our expectations, with our balance sheet. The 10% I believe is what we got in our last cash rate case which was early '02. Those are reasonable numbers.  The electric, we keep on calling it a distribution financial review, it was not a full rate case. So the prior ROE of 9.75% back from August of '03 is still part of that. We were able to get 47 of the 69, I think.  Our sense is there is certainly reason that we could ask for more, but it seemed like a reasonable result consistent with our general expectation of having being treated fairly over the last 100 years. We are appreciative that after a very extensive, exhaustive merger proceeding, folks were able to diligently tackle this quite promptly. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: Just so I understand, if I'm not mistaken, following the merger break-up, you said you were expecting a 10% net income growth at PSE&G into '07? And correct me if I'm wrong on that number. Is that number expected now to be the same, higher or lower? 
 Tom O'Flynn: It's in that range. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: But 10% is the correct number? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Yes. It's generally in that range. We haven't updated specifically subsidiary guidance. We’ve obviously got '07 guidance, got a growth from '07 to '08. We may, probably more towards the end of the year, update specific subsidiary guidance. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: But the rate settlement doesn't change that? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Correct. It's consistent with our prior expectations. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: And you are expecting the new rates to be in effect January 1st? 
 Tom O'Flynn: I think as I said earlier, we would hope that the BPU would be able to look at this in the near future, it's not formally docketed but we would expect it to be looked at shortly and reviewed. If approved by the BPU, we would be hopeful that rates would go into effect quite promptly. Particularly, we would like them to go into effect for gas prior to the heating season, which as I was trick-or-treating last night in my shorts, it wasn't in effect last night. But we're hoping the heating season does start soon in New Jersey. 
 Michael Goldenberg – Loomis Management: Thank you very much for taking the time once again, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Frank – Piqua Capital Management. 
 David Frank – Piqua Capital Management: Good morning. Maybe I was a little confused before. The total mark-to-market for the quarter was $0.17 or was that for the nine months? 
 Tom O'Flynn: That is for the quarter. For the nine months it's $0.16. It's on the attachment to the press release. 
 David Frank – Piqua Capital Management: So the 148 has $0.17 of end-to-end gains in there. 
 Tom O'Flynn: Correct. 
 David Frank – Piqua Capital Management: Texas spark spreads, could you tell us what the realized spark spread was for you guys in the third quarter? The average? 
 Tom O'Flynn: I've got it year-to-date. Generally year-to-date it's in the 19, 20 range. 
 David Frank – Piqua Capital Management: And in the quarter, it was something significantly higher than that, I would imagine? 
 Tom O'Flynn: It was, because I'm thinking year-to-date in June it was 16, 17. So it did average up during the quarter. Expectations for the year, the average in the fall it will be in the 18 range and next year, I think the forwards are in the 14, 15 range, last I saw. 
 David Frank – Piqua Capital Management: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group.
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: I wanted to just follow up with your lease portfolio. Has there been any new developments in that regard with the IRS? 
 Tom O'Flynn: No, there have not been any developments. We will update the rolling exposure we have in our Q, but no, there have not been any meaningful developments. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: And it continues to be something that you can't easily unwind, right? If you wanted to, to help generate some cash proceeds? 
 Tom O'Flynn: I'd say in general, the leasing portfolio is one we expect to be in for a long period of time. Most of the time the leases do have tax recapture if there's sale or exits at an early time. That being said, there have been some leases we bought in the secondary market that are coming to the latter part of their lives and we have had some gains. But those are generally exceptions, rather than expectations.  Just as examples we had the Seminole deal that we sold and had a nice gain at the end of '05. Prior, about a year-and-a-half ago, we did have a lease out in the Midwest with one of the generation companies, that they bought us out of. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Tom, do you have any other leases that are close to the end where the counterparty may look to buy out the leases again? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Some pieces here and there, there is a lease out in the Northwest that we expect to file. It will be in our Q. We expect to buy out in the mid $20 million range, something like that. It's out about two years, 08/09. But nothing, certainly on the Seminole side.
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: On your Connecticut plants, following up on a previous question, when you said that you are now looking to re-contract, does that mean you do not win the latest auction?
 Tom O'Flynn: I'm not sure for confidentiality we're not allowed to comment on what we did and didn't win. I would say that there's no material contract that we won such that we would feel an obligation to report it, put it that way. There's obviously forward hedging that we do but nothing of a material size that we feel it was reasonable or meaningful to an investor to report a specific contract. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Can you remind us again under the hypothetical situation of you guys looking to split your regulated and unregulated, would you need New Jersey BPU approval? 
Ralph Izzo: We generally don't believe that we do. That being said, I want to be cautious to not be providing detailed legal opinions, but we generally provide that the current structure would allow for a separation. I think we've said that is something that we would think about over the longer term but certainly it is not on the near-term action list. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Great, thank you. 
 Tom O'Flynn: The near-term action list is very much in the meat and potatoes – and Ralph will address this when he is out there for a couple days -- very much meat and potatoes, getting our feet on the ground, getting fair rate for PSE&G which we seem to be close to doing; getting the operations running well which certainly Salem with their return to ops is super; and other blocking and tackling. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Tom, one last thing. In your analyst day coming up in December, what should we be expecting for that, other than segment details? Are you guys going to help us out with longer-term guidance? What are you guys thinking about? 
 Tom O'Flynn: We may touch on that a little bit at the EI. We'll hopefully give folks a good update. As I said, I'll be out there, Ralph will be out there for the duration for two-and-a-half days. I'm looking forward to showing him that there's not a lot of fun and games, not a lot of time at the gambling table at these things. So we hope to give people a detailed update.  We want to circle shortly after that and just make sure that the December 4th date is the right time to have our investor conference. We just had a discussion over the last couple of days as to whether that may be too close to the EI such that it might be some of the same commentary, but we'll get back to you out there. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. So at EI, you will give us the longer-term drivers? 
 Tom O'Flynn: Yes. At EI, we'll speak to some of the longer-term drivers and then we want to come back and add a half-day investor conference that's currently scheduled for December. We just want to think about whether if we push that off until the first couple of months of '07, whether that wouldn't just allow us to have more time between EI and provide more depth to the story. We'll update you next week. 
 Steven Huang - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. Sounds good. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists. 
 Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists : What do you mean no gambling? 
 Tom O'Flynn: I can't stay up that late. 
 Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists : Most of my questions have been asked. But just to understand, your comments from before, I guess after the conference call that you did after the merger ended, there was probably a little bit more emotion. So it sounds like on the conference call you seemed a little bit more hot and heavy back then about possibly taking a look at breaking yourselves up. But I guess for the time being, which is probably the wise thing, is just really get the house back in order, focus on the regulatory environment, get that back in order and go from there. Is that kind of where we're at? 
Ralph Izzo: I think that’s right. I think it was a combination that we perhaps discussed it more and then I think some of the subsequent reports in the press may have picked it up as suggesting it might have been more imminent. Clearly it's something that we and other companies like ourselves need to assess. But I think it's something we would look at over a longer-term basis. Certainly not an imminent question. 
 Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists : Just real quick, you're not 100% sure whether you would need regulatory approval from the State of New Jersey, is that up in the air? Or is that something you're pretty certain that if you wanted to do some type of transaction a year or two down the line, it would be fairly easy to do, as far as the regulatory aspect of it? 
Ralph Izzo: I'd stay with where we are, Andy. We don't expect that we would need it, but I'm not in a position of giving definitive legal opinions. We think that there's the route for us to do it if we go like that. 
 Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists : Great. Thanks. 
 Tom O'Flynn: And your rates are going down, Andy both at gas and only up a little on electric. I don’t want to see any customer letter. 
 Andrew Levy – Bear Wagner Specialists : I hear you. Have fun this weekend. 
Operator: I have no further questions at this time. 
 Tom O'Flynn: Okay. Thanks very much. Thanks for joining. We look forward to seeing everybody, Ralph, I and the team look forward to seeing everybody and are certainly pleased with the quarter. Earnings up, we appear poised to have a settlement at PSE&G, which is really one of our key action items coming in. We continue to have a good ops story, congrats once again to Bill Levis, Tom Joyce and the Island team for a 20 day, 10 hour refueling. See you next week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-01 09:45:00) =====
Executives: Sue Carson - IR  Tom O'Flynn - CFO  Jim Ferland - CEO 
Analysts: Paul Fremont - Jeffries & Co.  Ed Kressler - Angelo Gordon & Company  Louis Sarkes - Chesapeake Partners  Ashar Khan - SAC Capital  Clark Orsky - KDP Investments 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group second quarter 2006 earnings call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Sue Carson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sue Carson: Thank you and good morning. We appreciate your listening in today either by telephone or over our website. I will be turning the call over to Tom O'Flynn, PSEG's Chief Financial Officer, for a review of our second quarter 2006 results. Jim Ferland will then join us to discuss the status of our pending merger with Exelon. But first, I need to make a few quick points. We issued our earnings release this morning. In case you have not seen it, a copy is posted on our website, www.pseg.com. We expect to file our 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission shortly, which will contain additional information. In today's webcast, Tom will discuss our future outlook in his remarks and so I must refer you to our forward-looking disclaimer. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance they will be achieved. The results or events forecast in our statements may differ materially from actual results or events. The last word on any of our businesses is contained in the various reports that we file with the SEC. As a reminder, our guidance speaks as of the data it is issued. Any confirmation or update in guidance will only be done in a public manner, generally in the form of a press release, a webcast such as this or an 8-K or other SEC filing. PSEG may or may not confirm or update guidance with every press release. As a matter of corporate policy, we do not comment on questions regarding guidance during one-on-one meetings or individual phone calls. In the body of our earnings release, we've provided a table that reconciles net income to operating earnings. We have adopted this format to improve the readability of the release and provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP term “net income” and the non-GAAP term “operating earnings”. The attachments to the press release provide the required reconciliation for each of our major businesses. Operating earnings exclude merger-related costs and the net impact of our various asset sales during the period presented. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing 2006 results to 2005 for all of our businesses. We exclude such costs so that we can better compare our current period results with future and prior periods. By excluding the merger-related costs, our results in the guidance are consistent with the way Exelon is treating their merger-related costs. Finally, Tom and Jim will take your questions at the conclusion of the prepared remarks. In order to accomplish this call effectively, we would appreciate it if you'd limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Thank you, and I will now turn it over to Tom.
Tom O’Flynn:  Thanks, Sue. Good morning everyone, thanks for joining us today. I hope you have had a chance to review our release of this morning. On this call, I will briefly go over our results for the second quarter, review our expectations for the remainder of the year and then I'll turn it over to Jim Ferland to discuss the current status of our pending merger with Exelon. Briefly, operating earnings for PSEG were $166 million for the quarter, an increase of $62 million or $0.23 from the second quarter of last year. Results for the second quarter exclude $3 million of after-tax merger-related costs, a net gain of $51 million from the sales of Global’s assets in Poland and Brazil, and $5 million of losses from operations in Poland. Second quarter results were mixed for our three operating companies: Our overall results continue to support our 2006 operating earnings guidance of $3.45 to $3.75 a share. As always, our guidance does not contemplate the impact of mark-to-market accounting, asset sales and related costs or merger costs.  We've updated our expectations for PSE&G and Energy Holdings, which offset each other. I will walk through the details as I go through each company's results. Just a reminder that the full year 2006 guidance for PSEG is unchanged. While on the expected closing of our merger with Exelon, all results would obviously be integrated into Exelon Electric & Gas. Jim will have additional comments on the merger in a few minutes. PSE&G, our regulated utility, reported operating earnings of $34 million or $0.13 for the quarter over 30% lower than last year’s result of $48 million or $0.20 per share. Power reported operating earnings of $78 million, or $0.31 per share for the quarter, $15 million or $0.05 per share above 2005 results. Finally, Holdings reported operating earnings of $72 million, or $0.29 per share for the quarter, an increase of $61 million, or $0.24 over last year. As I go through the three major businesses, I will provide more insight into the changes from last year using earnings per share as the metric. As an aside, PSEG had an average of about 9 million more shares outstanding for the quarter as compared to last year, the result of our prior convertible security. Starting now with PSE&G, for the quarter, the utility was down $14 million, or $0.07 per share compared to second quarter of '05. The absence of rate relief to offset the expiration for the excess depreciation credit was responsible for $0.04 of this decline. Mild weather resulted in a $0.03 reduction year-over-year.  Increased transmission revenues, result of higher peak usage in 2005, added another of another $0.02 to earnings. Transmission tariffs are set based on the highest peak load during the prior calendar year, so we will continue to see some benefit from the 2005 peak all year. Offsetting the benefit of the higher transmission revenues was higher O&M expenses of $0.02. The increase is related mostly to higher labor and benefit costs, something we expect to see over the remainder of the year. We continue to work with the BPU on our gas base rate filing we made last September supporting a 3.8% increase in the gas distribution rate. The earnings are scheduled to end in mid-August and we expect to file briefs and begin settlement discussions shortly thereafter. We're moving on a schedule that would allow for rate relief late in the year or early next year. This is clearly subject to change based on our merger settlement discussions. We continued to experience disappointing returns from our gas business and we clearly need this rate relief. Some of the reduced earnings have been due to mild weather earlier this year, but we've also seen reduced usage stemming from customers' price sensitivity. Our trailing 12-month return on equity for the gas business is less than 4%, far below the 10% allowed in our last rate case. Continuing on the regulatory front, as part of the settlement of our 2003 electric base rate case, $64 million excess depreciation credit was established. This credit expired on December 31, 2005. PSE&G has made all the filings required by the settlement and provided requested updates. Year-to-date, this has reduced PSE&G's after-tax earnings by almost $20 million compared to 2005. As Jim will outline, this case is now part of our merger settlement discussions. As a result of these delays, we are reducing our 2006 operating earnings range for PSE&G by another $20 million. As you may recall, we reduced the range by $45 million when we reported first quarter results. The revised range for the utility is $250 million to $270 million for 2006. By way of comparison, 2005 earnings for PSE&G were $347 million. A summary of the various impacts of PSE&G that resulted in a $0.07 decline in earnings for the quarter can be found in attachment 6 of the release. For PSEG Power, we continue to see operational improvements for both our fossil and nuclear fleets. Hope Creek entered a refueling outage on April 7 and returned to service 29 days later on May 6. This was a significant accomplishment in light of the considerable outage scope that was planned. In addition to the standard refueling process, the team at Hope Creek replaced a large number of control rod drive mechanisms, the B recirc pump shaft and motor and inspected the high-pressure turbine. All these activities, as well as many others, are focused on improving the material condition of the plant were done while setting site records in multiple areas, including safety. For the quarter, the three New Jersey units had a capacity factor of 90%, including the scheduled Hope Creek refueling outage. This compares to a capacity factor of 79% last year, which included the sale on two refueling and vessel head replacements. Without the Hope Creek outage, all units ran at 100% for the quarter. For the full five unit fleets, the quarterly capacity factor was 90% versus 86% for the second quarter of last year. The ongoing improvements at our nuclear operations continue to benefit the financial results for Power. This second quarter, the increased nuclear output added about $0.04 in margin compared to last year.  In addition to the strong performance of the nuclear fleet, we continue to see improved performance in the operations of our fossil fleet. Both quarterly and year-to-date output is higher for the fleet, while the forced outage rate for the core fleet was 20% below the three-year average.  The increased output from our fossil and nuclear fleet yielded incremental margins for Power. In addition, we realized higher prices from forward sales contracts and spot market sales compared to our older, lower-priced positions. Overall, better plant performance and market activities increased margins by $0.18 over comparable results for the second quarter of last year. The majority of this benefit, about two-thirds, resulted from general portfolio management activities in the forward markets and the remainder came from the improved pricing of the new BGS tranches. For the balance of the year, we expect to continue to see benefits from these improved margins. O&M expenses at Power for the quarter were $0.06 higher than last year; $0.04 from nuclear, $0.02 from fossil, both of which were expected. Last year when Salem 2 had the refueling outage and replaced the reactor vessel head, Power bore only 57% of the total cost because of our co-ownership of the unit with Exelon. This year, the Hope Creek outage was top both in terms of duration and cost. However, our costs were borne Power, accounting for the majority of the quarter-over-quarter increase in nuclear O&M. For the fossil fleet, incremental O&M was primarily the result of scheduled maintenance at Bergen and our peaking fleet. The incremental fixed costs related to our new assets, the Bethlehem Energy Center in Albany, which went commercial last summer, and the Linden plant in early May, reduced quarter-over-quarter results by $0.08. Most of this impact was the result of higher interest costs and the depreciation associated with the new plants. Around the other discussion of the variances for the quarter, mark-to-market impacts were flat at Power compared with a $0.02 loss reported last year for the second quarter. In addition, we also reported a $0.02 loss on the BGSS, the early spring impact of the gas prices that we talked about last quarter. A summary of the $0.05 improvement quarter-over-quarter for Power can be found in attachment 6 of the release. Now onto Holdings. As part of our ongoing program of opportunistically monetizing our international assets, in May, Global completed the sale of its ownership interest in two generating facilities in Poland and in June, completed the sale of Global's 32% interest in Rio Grande Energia, RGE, an electric distribution company in Brazil. Combined, the two asset sales provided gross proceeds of $654 million, approximately $612 million after-tax.  Holdings is evaluating use of proceeds, including potential debt redemption in loans and/or dividends to PSEG. As part of this evaluation, PSEG and Energy Holdings will review liquidity needs of their respective businesses and the targeted financial profile for Energy Holdings. Operating earnings for the second quarter of 2006 were up sharply from the comparable period last year. Operationally, the second quarter was very strong for Holdings. Our Texas plants continued to achieve significant benefits in an attractive market and reflected a $0.07 improvement compared to the second quarter of last year. Part of the relative improvement was due to a major maintenance outage last year.  The larger improvement came as a result of increased spark spreads in Texas. For the quarter, spark spreads were about $20, or 40% higher than last year. We had 75% of our peak output sold forward, leaving the remaining 25% to sell into a very attractive day-ahead market during the quarter. For the fall, we've locked in the majority of our expected margins. The continued strength in the Texas market is expected to increase Holdings' '06 operating earnings by an additional $20 million for the year. This is in addition to the $10 million increase we announced on our first quarter call. The current estimate of Holdings' operating earnings for 2006 is $185 million to $205 million, of which $50 million to $60 million is expected to come from Texas. With that, I will now turn it over to Jim Ferland.
Jim Ferland:  Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to make the assumption that most of you probably listened to the Exelon conference call yesterday, and to the extent some of you didn't and you would like additional details, I will try and deal with that in the Q&A section. I would like to give our view of this thing and maybe with some special emphasis on how we think the proposal we have put forth would benefit the state since it's really the BPU and the BPU staff that is one of the most important players moving head. Just quickly, some of the components that John described in some detail yesterday. The enhanced offer that we've put forth provides $600 million of cash for any number of customer benefits. That could be for conservation, the economic development, lowering bills. So the $600 million cash is pretty easy to understand from the standpoint of the benefits to the state. Additionally, the proposal would have us deferring our electric rate case, which we have had under consideration for sometime, for an additional four years. It will have us also completing a settlement of our gas case at a substantial reduction from its filed level. Just delaying those rate cases for some period of time into the future we think clearly has a value to the state. Somebody could easily get to $200 million or $250 million over the next three or four-year time period. So that's another significant benefit to the state. I think in addition to those more obvious factors are a couple of others that really provide significant benefits to the state which we really haven't elaborated on a lot.  One is that, after the merger and as a result of the merger, the state is going to benefit, we estimate between $150 million and $200 million in additional tax revenues over the next three to four years, and that comes about for a couple of reasons. One is, it has to do with certain loss carryforwards that we have currently. They're going to disappear when you put the companies together.  The second contributor, you've heard John Young talk about this in a different context. John was talking about some of the painful aspects of selling many of these fossil generation assets and the fact that we're going to realize capital gains on those and that's a cost obviously to the combined companies. Well, it turns out the state is a beneficiary of many of those additional tax revenues. So there's another $150 million or $200 million here over the next several years.  I think the one that's probably most overlooked but is of incredible value, it's the performance of our nuclear plants. I think it's readily apparent to everyone that trying to run three plants, which is what we have been doing for some period of time, as opposed to having those three plants being part of a 20 nuclear unit fleet which we hope to achieve after the merger, we're not going to get the same results as a large fleet operator can create. As a result of that, the benefits, one of the additional benefits of the merger is that there will be increased nuclear output.  Now it's easy to convert that and to understand how that provides a benefit to the Company and to our new generation company because we have more nuclear megawatt hours to sell. But there's a secondary effect that provides very substantial benefit to the customers really at no additional cost to the Company. That is that, everyday these nuclear plants run where they wouldn't have otherwise or they run at a higher capacity factor than they would have otherwise, that puts downward pressure on the wholesale power markets, which customers will benefit from. There has been a lot of analysis done in the rate case proceedings about the quantification of that. We believe it's a number between $100 million and $120 million per year effects in the form of benefits to the customers of New Jersey as a result of lower wholesale prices that go along with higher nuclear performance.  So in the aggregate, you roll up those numbers, there's $600 million of cash, there's $200 million to $250 million associated with deferred rate cases, there's $150 million to $200 million associated with taxes which the state otherwise would not get, and there's something on the order of $450 million in nuclear benefits over a four-year time period. So I personally view this as a benefit of something approaching $1.5 billion in benefits to the state over the next four years. So if we look at our situation today and the decision-making process, the standard of the BPU is to apply a positive benefits test: is this thing, in the aggregate, good for the state, its customers and so forth. I think just on its face, it would seem to me it would be hard to argue that the state is not a clear beneficiary of this merger, and that it clearly would demonstrate satisfactorily meeting any positive benefits test.  The issue gets to be, when does someone reach a conclusion like that? I would say at this time and you got some of this from John I know yesterday, time is our biggest enemy here. It's really a schedule issue at this point, because we have been waiting now 18-20 months and one can argue, there may be a lot of good reasons for that. But it's easy to understand from Exelon's side how they could be somewhat frustrated and feeling like, hey guys, we have to get this done or not, and I think John clearly stated that the other day and I know that the view of his Board as well. Schedule is not unimportant to our company, particularly on the recruitment and retention of employees. Our employees have, since we announced this transaction on December 20, 2004, there has been uncertainty associated with how this is going to work out and what the impact will be on their jobs. That has affected our ability to hold onto and attract additional people. We still have adequate people here to run the company and run a stand-alone business, if that's necessary.  But this cannot go on much longer. So our Board is, while they have not given me a near-term deadline, they really, they share the vision of the Exelon Board generally, that we need to get this transaction done, or in the absence of the ability to do that, get about our businesses in general. So that's where we are and it's a schedule issue and how fast we can get some agreements on these broad parameters that we've described.  Now with regard to when do you close a transaction like this, even if we had an agreement with the various parties -- and I should say that, even in the short time period we have put out this new offer, we have made considerable progress with many important parties in this proceeding. The parties that are most important that we still haven't gotten there yet and that's the BPU staff in working out some sort of an agreement with them within this broad framework.  We are aware that, even if we had such an agreement today, which we don't, it's going to take some period of time to get this thing closed. This deal is a closing issue. We know that even after you have an agreement, you have to develop a very detailed stipulation, and currently, that document has been circulating back and forth, but it's 50 or 60 pages of material and we've made good progress on a lot of it, but there's still some things to nail down.  Even after we have that, it's got to go to the administrative law judge. The judge has to rule on it, and then it goes to the BPU for final approval. So the point I'm making on closing schedule is that, even if all of this stuff falls out and we can reach an agreement here relatively quickly, it could still pass the September 30 date that we've been talking about, could find its way into the fourth quarter. A final thing I would say is, obviously, our Board like the Exelon Board is reserving the right to look at this transaction when it's all done and all the various aspects have been identified. As I see transaction now, the transaction continues to make very good sense for our Company and it provides many of the strategic benefits that led us into the transaction in the first place. With that, I will stop talking and I think Tom and I would be pleased to address questions you may have.
Sue Carson:  Operator, can you please provide the instructions for the Q&A?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Paul Fremont - Jeffries & Co.
Paul Fremont - Jeffries & Co.: Thank you. Yesterday, we heard John Rowe indicate that he was hoping to get a response from the other intervener parties in the negotiations over a period that sounded to be one or two weeks. Can you indicate whether the other parties seem willing to negotiate on an expedited time schedule, or have you been able to gauge any type of reaction to the deadline that was put forward by John Rowe?
Tom O’Flynn:  Well, clearly, some of these parties are willing to negotiate on these type of terms because we've made significant progress with certain of them. The group that we just don't know currently where they are and probably the most important single group we have to deal with Paul, is the BPU staff. And at this time, we're continuing to have discussions with them. We just don't know at this time, we can't be certain what their willingness to accommodate that kind of a deadline is.
Paul Fremont - Jeffries & Co.:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Kressler - Angelo Gordon & Co.
Ed Kressler - Angelo Gordon & Co. :  Thank you. Just a quick question on the up offering. What period of time expired between when you actually made the up offer to the BPU staff and the decision to go public? The only thing that was disturbing yesterday about Mr. Rowe's comments and about yours today are that, why are we even hearing this? Why isn't this just going on kind of behind the scenes? Are things that bad at the BPU staff?
Tom O’Flynn: I think that in part, first of all, I don't know how long, I guess ten days or something, a week, something like a week, that has been available. It appeared that -- there are many parties to this proceeding and a lot of people got copies of this material. It appeared to us that this stuff was leaking out from somewhere and the information was finding its way selectively into the financial community. We felt that we had to say something about that. We don't like the situation, but if some of this stuff is getting out, we felt that from a fair disclosure consideration, we had to get the information out. So that's why it came out and the timing was driven largely by when it appeared, elements of this were showing up in the financial community.
Ed Kressler - Angelo Gordon & Company:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Sarkes - Chesapeake Partners.
Louis Sarkes - Chesapeake Partners:  Thank you. Are there ongoing discussions this week with the staff? Is it a question of really no response from them, or is it an issue of they have rejected? Because this offer as you describe it, at least from what we had seen and heard, what New Jersey wanted, it seems to either meet or exceed the outlines of what they wanted. So is it a question of them just getting that and then refusing it, or is it just a question of just no response?
Tom O’Flynn: It's not either. Nobody has refused anything yet, and we do have ongoing discussions with them.
Louis Sarkes - Chesapeake Partners: Okay. But just to characterize it, is my characterization a correct one? I heard a rumor that the ask, I guess, from the state was something on the order of $1.2 billion or so, and you had a much smaller reported offer out there. Is this something that you believe responds to what they described as they wanted?
Tom O’Flynn:  First on the $1.2 billion number, I have heard all kinds of numbers, but nobody has come to us with a proposal that says we need $1.2 billion. That's just not there. I have described this proposal to you. It's beyond me how someone could look at this and say -- keep in mind, there's standards that they're judging this thing against, are there positive benefits for the state for customers? How somebody can look at that collection of data and information and reach a conclusion that there is not is beyond me.
Louis Sarkes - Chesapeake Partners:  Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Ashar Khan - SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Jim, can I just ask you, I am assuming is the market power issue totally resolved, so it's all about the number right now? What is a satisfactory number, which is it coming down to?
Jim Ferland:  I would like to think it's there, but I'm not sure that the Commission would fully agree. As you know, FERC is done with this thing, they have signed off on it. DOJ is done with it, they've signed off on it after looking at it for over a year. The BPU staff has surfaced a couple additional questions to the market monitor, Joe Bowring at PJM, and they've indicated they would like to have us address a few of these things.  It looks like any remaining concerns, I don't think they are legitimate, but it doesn't matter. If somebody thinks they are, we need to deal with them. It looks like any additional concerns could be dealt with the behavioral changes of changing bidding practices and so forth in a way which would not affect the economics of the transaction.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital:  Can I ask you, with your offer which is pretty generous, what is the response? We will take our time and come back to you? Is that what the response was you got? I'm just trying to understand what the other side's response was when you presented your new revised offer?
Jim Ferland: With regard to the timing issue, I don't think they've gotten back to us. They haven't said anything yet about it being acceptable or not. That is the issue here. That's what we're dealing with. We've put a proposal out there and we know that some of the fine details in a 60 to 70 page stipulation is going to take some time to work out. But frankly, the framework of this offer that we've put on the table, they can move parts around inside of it and the rest, but the economic effects on the Company cannot be any greater than that.  Frankly, unless we can get some kind of assurances that we're working within that envelope, it doesn't make any sense to continue pursuing this because if a month from now or two months from now, they're going to conclude, well, we cannot settle this within these boundaries, all we've done is waste another couple of months.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: I agree. Are there any further meetings scheduled in the next week or two weeks where we move forward towards?
Jim Ferland:  The meetings never stop. The meetings have been going on hour by hour, day after day. This is nothing that somebody is dealing with from time to time, there are people dealing with this every minute of the day.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital:  Okay, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Clark Orsky - KDP Investments.
Clark Orsky - KDP Investments: Can I just ask a question about holdings? I think you said the decision about dividends or debt repayment would be based on some sort of financial parameters for holdings. Can you tell us what those goals are?
Jim Ferland:  Sure. We've generally talked about FFO to interest coverage at the holdings being three times or greater. It's a target that we've had in place for some period of time. As you look at our performance over the last number of years, we have generally been there or exceeded that. That's generally a guideline, but we look at other credit ratios. As we monetize assets and get cash and obviously reduce the asset size of the business, we generally look to maintain the credit quality of holdings as we determine use of proceeds.  On a short term, we may use that within PSEG as we're doing now. Actually, Holdings is loaning some money out to PSEG. But on a longer-term basis, we obviously look to Holdings' longer-term debt and potential dividends from Holdings up.
Clark Orsky - KDP Investments: Can you tell me what the debt is at the end of the quarter at Holdings?
Jim Ferland:  I think it's $1.4 billion.
Clark Orsky - KDP Investments:  $1.4 billion?
Jim Ferland:  Yes. I will remind you that we bought back 310, something like that, the first month of this year. The end the year was 175 or something. I think 1450, something in that ballpark.
Clark Orsky - KDP Investments:  Thanks.
Jim Ferland: That's on a gross. On a net debt basis, it would be cash that Holdings got, that number would be under $1 billion.
Clark Orsky - KDP Investments:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Mr. O'Flynn, there are no further questions at this time. 
Tom O’Flynn: Okay, well thanks all for joining us. Just in summary, I think we've had a good quarter. Jim has is obviously told you what we know about the merger and we'll provide updates as they go forward. But our base businesses continue to do well, Power is a very good operation, super on the nuclear side. The rolling nature of our escalating prices that we realize in Power, we're realizing that with good margin improvements. Holdings is generating cash, enjoying benefits of Texas and stability in our other businesses. PSE&G continues to operate very well, safely, reliably and has a couple of rate cases stuck with the broader merger proceedings. But other than that, the broad business is doing well. So thanks all for joining us today.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may disconnect and thank you for your participation.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sue Carson, Director of Investor Relations Thomas O’ Flynn, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gregory Gordon - Citigroup Investment Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association Andy Lewis Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Ridzon - Key Banc Capital Markets John Ali - Zimmer Lucas Partners Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company Unidentified Speaker - Deutsche Investment Management
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group First Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Monday May 1, 2006 and will be available for telephone replay for 48 hours, beginning at 1 PM Eastern Time today until 1 PM Eastern Time on May 1, 2006. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG’s corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sue Carson. Please go ahead.
Sue Carson: Thank you and good morning. We appreciate your listening in today either by telephone or over our website. I’ll be turning the call over to Tom O’ Flynn, PSEG’s Chief Financial Officer for review of our first quarter 2006 results. Jim Ferland, PSEG’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will also join us this morning to discuss our pending merger with Exelon and other key events. But first, I need to make a few quick points. We issued our earnings release this morning, incase you have not seen it; the copy is posted on our website, www.pseg.com. We expect to file our 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission later today, which will contain additional information. In today’s webcast Tom and Jim will discuss our future outlook in their remarks and so I must refer you to our forward-looking disclaimer. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance they will be achieved. The results or events forecast in our statements today may differ materially from actual results or events. The last word on any of our businesses is contained in the various reports that we filed with the SEC. As a reminder, our guidance speaks as of the date it is issued, any confirmation or update in guidance will only be done in a public manner, generally in a form of a press release, a webcast such as this, or an 8-K or other SEC filings. PSEG may or may not confirm or update guidance with every press release. As a matter of corporate policy, we will not comment on questions regarding guidance during one-on-one meetings or individual phone calls. In the body of our earnings release, we provided tables that reconciled net income to operating earnings. We’ve adopted this format to improve the readability of the release and provide the required reconciliation’s between the GAAP terms, net income, and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP term operating earnings. Operating earnings exclude merger-related costs. Operating earnings is our standard for comparing 2006 results to 2005 for all of our businesses. The exclusive merger-related costs that we can better compare our current period results with prior and future periods. By excluding the merger-related costs, our results and guidance are consistent with the way Exelon is treating their merger-related costs. Attachments to the press release provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP terms, net income and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP term operating earnings for each of our major businesses. Finally, Tom and Jim will take your questions at the conclusions of the prepared remarks. In order to accomplish this effectively, we would appreciate it, if you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up. Thank you and I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas O’ Flynn: Thanks Sue, good morning everyone and thanks for joining. I hope you’ve had a chance review our release of this morning. On this call, I’ll briefly go over our results for the first quarter and review our expectations for the remainder of the year. Then I’ll turn it over to Jim, to discuss the current status of our pending merger with Exelon. Briefly, operating earnings for PSEG were $204 million for the quarter. We expect it excludes $5 million of after-tax merger-related costs, a decrease of $79 million or $0.36 per share from the first quarter of last year. Although these early results were disappointing, they continue to support our 2006 operating earnings guidance of $3.45 to $3.75 per share. As always our guidance does not contemplate the impact of any new mark-to-market accounting issues, positive or negative, or the impact of any asset sales. We’ve updated our expectations for each of our operating subsidiaries, which all made out to zero. I’ll walk through the details as I go through each company’s results. Just a remainder that the guidance for PSEG is for the full year 2006, we continue to expect to close our merger with Exelon in the third quarter and such results post quarter-some would obviously be integrated into Exelon electric and gas. Power reported operating earnings of $112 million, or $0.45 per share for the quarter, just slightly below their 2005 results of $116 million of $0.48 per share. PSE&G, our utility reported operating earnings of $78 million or $0.31 for the quarter, about 33% lower than last year’s result of $117 million or $0.49 per share. Finally, Energy Holdings reported operating earnings of 28 million or $0.11 per share for the quarter, a decrease of $37 million or $0.15 per share from last year. As I go through our three major businesses, I’ll provide more insight into the changes from last year using earnings per share as the measure. As in aside, PSEG had, on average about 10 million more shares outstanding for the quarter compared to last year which will impact the comparable per share results. The PSEG Power, we continued to see improvements from both our fossil and nuclear fleets. As you know, our three nuclear units in New Jersey are currently being operated by Exelon under the Nuclear Operating Services Agreement. For the quarter, these units had a capacity factor of 101%, using the summer rating. This compares to capacity factor of just over 89% last year when Hope Creek was offline for most of January. After a very successful 214 day run, Hope Creek entered a refueling outage on April 7th. The unit is currently in a final stage of this outage and we expect it to return to service shortly. The improvements on our nuclear operations had a direct impact on the financial results for power during the first quarter, with the absence of the replacement power cost incurred last year for Hope Creek adding $0.12 to earnings for the quarter. Recontracting our positions at higher prices in spot market sales added another $0.13 over comparable results for the first quarter of last year. By a way of comparison, the average realized margins on our portfolio during the first quarter were about $5 per megawatt-hour higher than the first quarter of 2005. We anticipate enjoying a similar margin differential for the balance of this year. We also anticipate further expansion of margin in future years is more of our older lower price contracts well-off. Offsetting the benefits, the improved operations for mark-to-market losses are $0.04 for the quarter, when compared to the $0.05 gain reported in the first quarter of last year, the quarter-over-quarter swing is a net reduction of $0.09. We expect the $0.04 loss on the current positions to reverse before the end of the year, this transaction’s under-term. In our release, we mentioned briefly the negative impact moderating gas prices we had on Power’s results for the quarter. Power supplies all of PSE&G’s gas customers under the PGSS contract is in combination of physical storage, pipeline capacity and forward hedges. For residential customers, power passes through the inventory cost for the gas commodity, the PSE&G. Any difference between the tariff and the inventory cost for residential customers is differed on the utilities books for future recovery or refund. For commercial and industrial customers or C&I customers, a tariff structure is applied that is adjusted monthly based on the current NYMEX prices. Power results were compensative services such as the carrying cost of the gas. The PGSS contract, including the C&I component has generally provided a steady source of margin to power. During the first quarter, market prices were declining while the cost of gas and inventory was relatively stable. The increase in Power’s margin, the mild weather also contributed to decline in earnings as volumes were lower for our customers. The combined impact for the first quarter of 2006 was about $0.11 per share for the first quarter 2005 which was, was by contrast a very strong quarter. O&M expenses of power was slightly higher than last year during the first quarter, the net result of higher maintenance cost including labor and benefits partially offset by reduced cost at our nuclear site. Nuclear savings had the result of the headcount reduction and other efficiencies have taken place as part of the Nuclear Operating Services Agreement. As summary, the $0.03 decline quarter-over-quarter power can be found as attachment here at the press release. As the result of the higher prices for recontracted nuclear and coal output partially offset by the lower than expected PGSS margins, we’re increasing our 2006 operating earnings expectations for power by $25 million. The revised range is $500 million to $550 million, a significant increase over 2005 actual result of $480 million. Finally for Power, today we announced commercial operation of our 1220 megawatt Linden facility. This is sufficient to combine cycle gas plant will provide much needed capacity to the eastern region of PJM, the unit replaces 430 megawatts of coal fire capacity at the site. Now turning to PSE&G, for the quarter the utility was down over $39 million or $0.18 per share compared to the first quarter of 2005. Weather was a single largest contributor to this decline with degree days 20% warmer than the first quarter of ’05. This mild weather reduced margins by $0.07 per share. In addition to the weather impact, residential customers continue to curtail the usage of natural gas, further reducing PSE&G’s earnings on the distribution of natural gas. For the quarter this impact was about $0.02 per share. As you continue to see reductions in customer usage for gas, absent weather impacts, timely, regularly becomes even more important. Our current rates are insufficient to recover cost increases and infrastructure improvements approved in our 2002 rate case. As you know, we fall for a 3.8% increase in the gas distribution rates last September to recover cost incurred since 2002. We continue to respond to interrogatories from the BPU staff in this case; however the schedule for decision of this case was moved from October to December of this year, further reducing our earnings expectations for 2006. Continuing on the regulatory front, as part of the settlement of our 2003 electric base rate case, a $64 million excess depreciation credit was established. This credit expired on December 31, 2005. As part of this settlement, PSE&G either financial filing at the BPU in November of 2005 to compensate the elimination of this credit. We made that filing in early February, the BPU denied our request and suggested we file when our first quarter results were available. We will be making that filing shortly. However, it appears that until the merger is resolved with the BPU, decisions on such filings maybe difficult to achieve. For the first quarter, the resulting increase in depreciation expense reduced PSE&G’s earnings by $0.04 per share. Finally, higher wage and benefit cost increased quarter-over-quarter O&M expense by $0.02 per share. As summary, the various impacts with PSE&G could be found also in attachment file. As a result of the regulatory delays in the electric and gas distribution businesses of PSE&G as well as the unfavorable first quarter weather, we are reducing our operating earnings range for PSE&G by $45 million. The revised range for the utility is $270 million to $290 million for 2006. By a way of comparison, 2005 earnings for PSE&G was $347 million. Now the Energy Holdings, operating earnings for the first quarter of ’06 were down sharply from a comparable period last year. Firstly all the decline, gains on asset sales took place during the first quarter of 2005. In January 2005, we received the final payment of $36 million on, our withdrawal from Eagle Point contract. We also reported modest gains on sales of two investments, MPC in China and semis (ph) in California. The absence of gains from asset sales, reduce holdings comparative results by $0.13 per share. Higher tax rate on the overall earnings of PSEG Global, negatively impacted holdings for the quarter by $0.05. With a larger portion of the earnings coming from domestic sources, the result of higher Texas earnings and International asset monetizations, the full US tax rate is applied to the earnings. Operationally, the first quarter was very strong for holdings. Our Texas Plant continues to achieve significant benefits from attractive market, saw $0.04 improvement compared to the first quarter of last year. However, although margins taxes have increased which is, it improves our business outlook; our forward sales, contracts that hedge a portion of our output result in an unrealized mark-to-market losses for the quarter of $0.02 per share. We expect that happened to $0.02 to reverse during current year. The strength in Texas market as well as improvements in some of our South American operations should increase the expected operating earnings and holdings by about $10 million for the year. As a result, we are increasing the range for holdings to $165 million to $185 million for 2006. That pretty much sums up the quarter; I’ll now turn it over to Jim Ferland.
James Ferland: Hey thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Before getting to the, on the merger front, I’d like to say just a couple of things about nuclear operations. Tom has already discussed the performance Salem and Hope Creek in terms of plant output and the financial effects of improved operations which are obviously very important. I’d like to report to you that those are not the only indicators we’ve got and well, how things are going down at nuclear. Now without exception, the feedback with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, INPO (Institute of Nuclear Power Operations) special review team we’ve employed our own internal quality assurance folks, all now are meaningful improvements across all aspects of our nuclear operations. But we’re not, not the earnings perfectly and these reports don’t say that, but all of us have work to do. Power from the trends are extremely positive and they made me feel real good about, we can, are being able to look forward to some very strong performance from these facilities in the upcoming years. I may hope out now to the, to the merger for a little bit. I suspect many, if not most of you participated in the Exelon teleconference last Wednesday. And as you heard from John and the Exelon folks were the two key remaining regulatory proceedings, we have to deal with, The Department of Justice and then here in New Jersey, the BPU. The Jury hearings concluded sometime ago, now at the end of March, the initial briefs were all filed last Wednesday and the final briefs, I’ll do by May 10th, that’s next Wednesday. So we’re reaching the end of that process. And we feel very good about it, (indiscernible) established and we believe that our arguments that will be persuaded. I suspect many of you, but maybe not all of you are aware that end of juristic cases, this nature of almost all was settled as suppose to litigate it to a final decision. And I suspect that will be the case of here as well. But it is likely that the settlement demands will be greater than the $120 million in rate credits that we have on the table. We’re currently having discussions with New Jersey and The Department of Justice to resolve these proceeding as quickly as we possibly can. Now this morning for example, PSE&G is trying to establish a million with BPU, trying to sort out, and reach agreement on reliability and customer service issues. Now we got a, a lot of issues to queue with here in New Jersey and well its always hard to know for sure that I really can’t predict these things, not expect by the timely guess at the end of this month May we’ll, we should have sorted out pretty well what the outcomes going to look like, what we’d be able to workout in the way of a settlement, here in this state. At the same time, we’re actively engaged with the Department of Justice, to try to make us all come together at roughly the same time hopefully this month. Obviously, we are not going to be discussing the status of our settlement discussions in either at jurisdiction, I wouldn’t say that they, they are ongoing. While the pace and the length of the BPU and DOJ processes had been to long than expected. We are now finally actively engaged to discussions with both parties. While the, standard nature these proceedings have been, have been frustrating hardly and so that probably extremely frustrating, the developments would have taken place over the time period when we signed as merger agreement back in December of ’04. Today I have strongly reinforced our judgments regarding our strategic value of this transaction of both companies. Over this period, since our signing in a merger agreement both natural gas and electricity absolute prices and volatility have significantly increased with frequent and substantial swings in forward market prices, first in the east and then go back to the west and then they swing back again, highlighting the risk reduction benefits of a large geographic footprint which encompasses numerous power markets, the importance of scale is called our retention everyday becomes more obvious as our competitors continue to grow through mergers and acquisitions and on the legislative and regulatory front, there are lot of action going on in a variety of states including states which including states in which our companies operate. And that highlights again the benefits of the diversification of such risks across multiple jurisdictions. And the strategic benefits are combining under nuclear operations we’ve already produced a very remarkable results and the improvement of plant Salem and Hope Creek. Developments such as these have served to strengthen our result to complete this transaction as soon as possible. This is not the sale-over that we are insensitive for the outcome of the Department of Justice and the BPU proceedings. They are obviously very important. We remain firmly committed for these transactions and continue to expect to bring it to a successful closure with reasonable outcomes at the Department of Justice and the BPU; we continue to feel that it should occur in the third quarter. I agree totally with the John Rowe in his assessment of resulting new company should be extremely well-positioned to be an industrial leader. Final comments, some of you may have noticed in the April 17th issue of Fortune Magazine, they put about the business of rating companies on a variety of parameters and on electric and gas utilities and on the parameter of total return over a 10-year time period of compound a quick return, PSEG illustrates second excellent with the title, a little company down of south outselling company, with a compound rate of return over the 10 years of 14%. It turns out a little higher up in the performance levels; Exelon was #1 with the 10-year return 18%. Both of these companies have a long history of doing well for investors and I feel very good about what we are going to be able to do on a combined basis. That concludes my prepared remarks, Tom and I would be pleased to take questions.
Sue Carson: Operator, can you provide the instructions for the Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session for the members of the financial community. (Operator Instructions). One moment please, for the first question. The first question is from Gregory Gordon from Citigroup Investment Research, please proceed.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup Investment Research: Thanks, I’ve got a couple of much in both questions on the quarter and then a larger question on the merger. First on the, on the new guidance for the utility the $270 million to $290 million operating earnings guidance, what type of ROEs at the electric and gas business does that infer?
Thomas O’ Flynn: Greg its Tom, we usually don’t give specific ROEs for each of our segment which are electric gas and of course, our transmission business. I’d say the gas business is materially under earning to 10% it got in this last case of 2002. It’s in the, it’s materially under earning it’s in the, it’s currently in the 6% to 7% ROE kind of range. So we certainly need a rate increase. The electric has been earning on historical basis somewhat higher than the 975 it got back in its August ’03 case. So on a rolling basis, we will over the next quarter or so, come down to that level and ultimately below that level and I feel to get the kind of credit recognition that that we need in the transmission business to go better.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup Investment Research: Yeah and then the other question before I get to the larger is, strategic issues is on the, that transmission the PGSS, it appears that you guys are well aware that there is a structural mismatch there that can happen because the pricing is based on NYMEX but you obviously take positions in terms of storage for gas. So I would like to, I want to understand how you wouldn’t hedge some of that financial risk, sort of near-term fluctuations in NYMEX versus the gas that you have in storage, the NYMEX is a liquid financial product, to lose $0.11 because the gas price is falling sort of month-to-month versus the basis you had in storage is sort of, doesn’t make any sense to me that you wouldn’t somehow try to hedge that risk?
Thomas O’ Flynn: Yeah it’s a fair point Greg. Let me just put in context the $0.11 was versus first quarter of last year which is the very strong quarter versus that normalized year was about $0.07 below that. So, of the $0.11 but $0.04 was, comparing to a strong quarter last year and then $0.07 was a more was versus expectations of our internal plan. Of this $0.07, about a four of that number is just plain volumes. There is a general volume based kind of number, so we’re talking about $0.04 or $0.05. Historically, this has been very solid stable business frankly we talk about a lot because it’s quite solid and reliable. And generally, we find some, in a normal, continual as I guess you call it curved, it has upward sloping curve generally our inventory cost compared reasonably favorably with our cost during the season. This year as you know prices were quite high, quite high and then sell-off dramatically over a very short period of time, we do, do some hedging. It varies from period-to-period, we do, do some hedging of course we can’t hedge, everything as you know always volumes are going to be. This year volumes were down materially but we did do some hedging this year, in hind side, we probably wished we would have hedged a little more back in fall, but I would say over time, over the last number of years we’ve done very well. In fact the first quarter of ’05 we would be testament to that.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup Investment Research: Great thank you. And then the larger question is for Jim. Its sounds like your confidence as you are making headway now on both fronts both at the DOJ and then the New Jersey BPU, I guess my question for you is, is the June 20th, date in the merger document, after which either company come to the unilaterally choose to no longer pursue the merger, a significant deadline in your mind in terms of getting these agreements done or not? And can you say in terms of that a little bit?
James Ferland: Yeah the short answer for your last question is no. But let me elaborate on it, a little bit. First of all, as for as engagement, it has been frustrating to get everybody engaged but at this time, the source and the process was Department of Justice, they worked on this for but something like north of a year and until they were completing with all their work and they are now simply are not willing to tell us anything. And that was frustrating, for such an extended period of time, well now they are willing to start to say some ideas and thoughts and they are willing to share those with us and we are actively engaged with them and the same thing now at the BPU. On the June 20th, let me comeback for that after a minute. No, I don’t view that is a particularly important date at this time for a variety of reasons first just to remind everyone, what avails when we sign this merger agreement back in 2004, we didn’t want the merger agreement to be outstanding forever so we have, let’s take a data out there somewhere where if we can get all the approvals, we can walk away and I can remember thinking, its time, My God! That could never be as late as you know June of 2006, what as I know, as an effort that date was created for and it does give the parties the ability to walk away. The reason I don’t like that’s going to be, of any particular relevance is, I suspect, by the time they get to the end of this month, we’re going to have a pretty good idea about what this transaction will look like and what we are going to be achieve at both Justice and with the, and with the BPU. Now, half of that time before we can reach a settlement with either of these parties, both are respected companies, they’re have to agree that these agreements and settlements make sense. Now if we reach agreements with those parties and they make sense to both companies, the June date becomes not, no particular relevant it is like the, either that we can successfully reach settlement agreements with these two organizations, the papering of those in a various approvals could extend and will past the June 20th day and John and I has talk about that, and if we think it was beneficial of that time, we’d probably just move it ahead.
Gregory Gordon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay thanks guys.
Sue Carson: Thank you. Just to remind everyone, we’ve got a number of calls queued up so please limit yourself to one question. Thank you. Let’s go to next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Association. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: Good morning guys.
Thomas O’ Flynn: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: Just the follow up here, I am not sure, I completely understood the answer to the, to the electric ROE that you guys expected to get this year. Could you just elaborate a little bit on that and also on the weather versus normal, I think you said it was $0.07 on the gas side versus 2005, what would have been normal. And was there any impact on electric at all?
James Ferland: Yeah Paul, let me try to do this one at a time, the gas number I think I said was in the 6 or 5, close to the 5% range. The electric and I am comparing these two what our latest allowed was, the electric the latest slab was 9.75 which is in summer 2003, we’re currently a point or two, above that on a rolling historical basis, the request for making an offset to depreciation credit on a look forward basis as well as historical basis. And as the year progresses, we’re going to fall at or through that 9.75% range without the credit.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: You fall below the 9.75
James Ferland: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: Okay that’s nice go ahead.
James Ferland: Towards, towards, towards end of the year, yes. So in another words, we, that’s something we mainly and we think it’s appropriate to be getting. Just on, on the rate impacts, PSE&G was down for the quarter-to-quarter about $0.07, the 90% of that was gas, that’s the PSE&G. And the PGSS, it’s the contract between Power and PSE&G for gas supply that was half about $0.07 versus a normal year, our expectations result $0.11 versus last year which was an unusually strong year, strong quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: Okay but the, but the $0.07 of PSE&G versus normal would have been, would have been what, I mean, if you look at the first quarter, it says weather is $0.07 that’s gas is at the same as what, what it would have been versus the, versus the normal year?
James Ferland: Actually, the, yeah the seven is versus a strong year last year. So versus normal, it’s about 5.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: Okay thanks.
James Ferland: It was a, it is a cold winter first quarter 2005, which help both PSE&G and the PGSS. The PSE&G is half about $0.07 versus first quarter about 5 versus normal and the PSEG Powers is half about $0.07 versus normal about an 11 versus last year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Association: Great thank you.
Operator: The next question is from (indiscernible). Please proceed with your question.
Andy Lewis: Hi actually it’s Andy Lewis, how you doing? I guess only got one question. Let me go with this one, can you just comment on John Rowe’s, (indiscernible) Exelon’s press release are related to earnings and just your comment or their phase of using economic sense…
James Ferland: Yeah Jim Ferland here I’m in.
Andy Lewis: What you’re thinking…
James Ferland: I think that’s, I could make that chain comment. See, the figure remaining uncertainties in this issue and in this, in this combination, what we are going to have to give up if any thing at The Department of Justice and the BPU and obviously those are important outcomes and if we give away too much then we could bow away the economics of the transaction. And that’s going to be a very important to both of us. And we are both going to be looking at that. But the, we’ve got away, we’re pulling that, we are going to be forced to be over that in reaching settlements with these various organizations. So we’ll, once we’ve done that, we’ll obviously, we won’t get in to those agreements unless they produce a satisfactory outcome.
Andy Lewis: Are you two both on the same page, with the two companies or is there a little differing of opinion on…
James Ferland: I don’t confuse it; I don’t think there is a inch of space between John and I. We are talking all the time; we know what’s going on. Frankly, people ask how do guys get along in this kind of thing frankly, we could be a better person or made do be doing this transaction with, then John Rowe I don’t know where you will find him. This guy has been incredibly flexible, reasonable; we are communicating all the time and I don’t think there is a space at all between the two of us when it is to how we look this transaction.
Andy Lewis: I received that’s a bit of extra question but yeah you both good guys I agree thank you.
James Ferland: Yeah.
Operator: The next question is from Leslie Rich of Columbia Management Advisors please proceed.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Hi I wondered if I could just ask some question on attachment for which is your cash flow statement. You have a big positive swing in sort of, other cash flow come Ops with no breakdown I assume, about $200 million of that its depreciation just wondered what else or causing a $500 million positive swing? And then also in financing activities negative $750 million approximately I thought you paid down from debt I just wondered what else was, sort of the big drivers in those two buckets?
Thomas O’ Flynn: Okay Leslie, we are filing our Q, we expect by the terms of business today so obviously the full cash flow statements in it. The biggest up was really margining as prices came up somewhat and I think we said in our K, that our margin-posted, collateral-posted came down by about which got basically in half during February and we did continue to see that now some of that’s in letters of credit some of that’s in cash. Those were the, those are the biggest pieces, there were some other pieces in terms of pension in some other pieces but there was no collateral and, collateral was the largest. In terms of debt coming down, the biggest piece is Power had a maturity, I think it was a five year from initial deal that was done, $500 million maturity we paid that up with short-term debt.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ashar Khan, SAC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just with two short question how much did the PGSS make last year and how much are you expecting to make on that this year?
Thomas O’ Flynn: Yeah, I’m sorry rather we don’t report that as a separate segment. And I think in the past we’ve shown some large numbers for over all ER&T numbers, I’d rather get away from specific numbers that’s what I talked all about it all in terms of differentials.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay but Tom, is it fair to say that for the rest of the year are you expecting further negative variance or the negative variance is the only one in the first quarter?
Thomas O’ Flynn: Well PGSS just like our PSE&G gas business is largely pretty 4-month season. And certainly January and February are the biggest piece and that’s probably about, first quarters’ by 50% of our send out the rest would be Novembers some on close December.
Ashar Khan, SAC Capital: Okay if I can just end up, you mentioned end of May on both agreements I can rely to New Jersey but can I just ask why would it take the end of May at Department of Justice just trying to get a sense of the timing your anticipated timing?
James Ferland: Well I would like to think it wouldn’t take that long but it, but it may obviously, we are going to make this time further short as we possibly can. And I can say that all are taken the Department of Justice so long time that it’d be willing to talk towards they have been very forth-coming and very responsive since they have provided their first feedback to us.
Ashar Khan, SAC Capital: Jim, can I just ask you when that first feedback was provided?
James Ferland: I don’t remember the exact day but that was a not longer, maybe of a week or two.
Ashar Khan, SAC Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is Paul Ridzon of Key Banc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon - Key Banc Capital Markets: Good morning, throughout the balance of the year, is it tax rate that holdings are going to be a headwind or it was, was just a particularly owners quarter?
Thomas O’ Flynn: This is a, a little more honest but, but we should have somewhat of our higher tax rate during the years we said, some of that is just an increase percentage of US based contribution. But that’s all cooked into the guidance that we gave you.
Paul Ridzon - Key Banc Capital Markets: Can you, just back on this PGSS because it is initially the kind of the first time referred about it. Is there kind of a sense to stay in the course and kind of try to almost outcast the market or do you want to put more maybe you can just ride the market more?
Thomas O’ Flynn: Yeah I just, this is been a very good business for us. It continues to be good business, it is doing something we’ve done for many and many years which is procure gas on behalf of customers for PSE&G. Obviously, it, the residential costs are pass through. I think it was in our third quarter earnings call, where we talked about the inventory costs that the PGSS had based upon our ADBs or sell store generates about 30% below the market. So that’s, its obviously doing good things for customers. This is one year when there was a dramatic decline of prices and that and that took about $0.04 or $0.05 off of the margins just on that price to decline if you will, keep in mind also when we look at this, we look at this in the context, the Powers overall risk return relative to gaps, it just because we’re we have to look at this is part of the overall portfolio. So we don’t want to suggest that we will only expose to Gas, there were some hedges on, difficult for hedge given volumes with complete certainty, but also we look at this on a portfolio basis for Power.
Paul Ridzon - Key Banc Capital Markets: Given the uncertainty on volumes is this inventory mark-to-market or it is or do you, is it you think qualifies hedge counting.
Thomas O’ Flynn: It’s largely normal. Anyway, next question.
Sue Carson: Okay Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from John Ali of Zimmer Lucas Partners. Please proceed with your question.
John Ali - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning and just a quick question on the utility guidance. You said weather it’s about $0.07 which is like $17 million over that $45 million. How much you’re now including in guidance of the $64 million depreciation credit? And then, how much of any of the gas rate increase?
Thomas O’ Flynn: I don’t want to go into these specifics on outcome of rate increases, I think on the gas side we’ve said that decision has been put off until December so obviously we are not.
John Ali - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay.
Thomas O’ Flynn: That’s the humble expectation, the 64 which is ruining out 68 technically on the electric side, we expect to get that during the year. But obviously, we were, we didn’t get a last quarter but we think as the year goes along, we should get some reasonable piece of that.
John Ali - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Daniele Seitz of Dahlman Rose and company. Please proceed with your question.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company: Actually it’s just a follow up on one before. I was wondering you kind of really covered that $0.04. So, whatever the cost of the delay, it’s going to be on the depreciation issue.
James Ferland: That’s right Daniele, it is fine to us.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company: Okay, so and okay I’ll speak to that question, I’ll come back later.
Sue Carson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of (indiscernible) from Deutsche Investment Management. Please proceed.
Unidentified Speaker - Deutsche Investment Management: Well, thank you, a question for Jim regarding the two discussions you are having with New Jersey and DOJ. But is the public benefit, is the primary criteria for department for the New Jersey as well as how does the DOJ defer from first review of the same issues?
Jim Ferland: Well, it was a great question on New Jersey, the BPU they have separate area that describes the one of that is supposed to consider when they look at a merge like this is a product yet demonstrates pulses of benefits to the state of New Jersey and the customers and then you’ve got a group a lot of parties and that going to held at least been different that cant stop any losses in those significant number of those. On the, with regard to the DOJ, I think maybe some people might have thought at one time that DOJ would simply differ up to further on these issue, some scrap leads to conclusion quite soon and they, and they choose not to, and they have been working this issue and enormous detail for an extended period of time, in the last numbers I’ve saw, we have produced something in the order 10 million documents for their review and dozens and dozens of interviews in sale-force and I really went after this is a very, very federal way and they are obviously not simply going to take whatever, whatever, whatever friction, so we’re kind of, workout with them and we know we can work something out here as we work our way to the rest of this month.
Unidentified Speaker - Deutsche Investment Management: Okay thank you.
Operator: That will conclude the Q&A session. Mr. O’ Flynn I will turn the call back to you. Please continue.
Thomas O’ Flynn, Chief Financial Officer: I think just one thing Leslie, I was really confused on the debt maturity the one we had was after the quarter. The biggest piece of the fiber of the large debt decrease was the call we enhanced a few days before the end of 2005 were holdings for about $309 million, $310 million and then so the other meets our demand, so that’s was, that was the biggest chance that therefore let PSE&G (indiscernible). But the, the Power maturity half in the first, a few weeks to second quarter, I think right, folks thanks all for joining. We will start the quarter we expect it would continue to, see yourselves getting the guidance and see some good improvements especially in the latter part of the year at Power. Again we continue to like our business model; I think we’ve got a good balance of earnings growth and prudent risk management and thanks all again for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today; you may disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-09 13:15:00) =====
Executives: Sue Carson, Director of Investor Relations   Thomas. O’Flynn, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ashar Khan, SAC Capital   Paul Fremont, Jefferies   Stephen Long, Citigroup   Michael Goldenberg, Luminus Management   Clark Orsky (phonetics), KGP Asset Management   Greg Schultz, SAB Capitals
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by, welcome to the Public Service Enterprise Group Fourth Quarter 2005 Earnings Conference Call and webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session for members of the financial community. At that time if you have question, you will need to press “1” followed by the “4” on your telephone. As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Thursday February 2nd, 2006 and will be available for telephone replay for 24 hours beginning at 1’ O’clock PM Eastern Time today until 1’ O’clock PM Eastern Time on February 3rd 2006. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEGs corporate website at www.pseg.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sue Carson, Director of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Sue Carson, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. We appreciate you listening in today, either by telephone or over our website. I will be returning the call over to Thomas O’Flynn PSEG Chief Financial Officer for review of our fourth quarter 2005 results and a discussion of key issues, but first I need to make a few quick points. We issued our earnings release this morning, Incase you have not seen it the copy is posted on our website www.pseg.com. We expect to file our 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission later this month, which will contain additional information. In today’s webcast Tom will discuss our future outlook in his remark and so I must refer you to our forward looking disclaimer. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance they will be achieved. The results or events forecast in our statements today may differ materially from actual results or events. A last word on of our businesses is contained in the various reports that we filed with the SEC. As a reminder our guidance speaks as of the date it is issued, any confirmation or updating guidance will only be done in a public manner, generally in a form of a press release, a webcast such as this, or in 8K or other SEC filings. PSEG may or may not confirm or update guidance with every press release, as a matter corporate policy we will not comment on questions regarding guidance during one on one meetings or individual phone calls. In the body of our earnings release we provided tables that reconciled net incomes to operating earnings for both the quarterly and year to date results. We’ve adopted this format to improve the readability of the release and provide the required reconciliation’s between the GAAP terms net income, and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP term operating earnings. Operated earnings exclude merger related costs, operating earnings is with our standard for comparing 2005 results to 2004 and 2006 in all of our businesses. We excluded merger related cost so that we can better compare our current period results with prior and future periods. By excluding the merger related costs our results and guidance are consistent with the way Exelon is treating the merger related costs. Attachments to the press release provide the required reconciliation between the GAAP terms net income and income from continuing operations to the non-GAAP terms operating earnings for each of our major businesses. Finally, Tom will take your questions at the conclusions of prepared remarks, in order to accomplish this call effectively we would appreciate it if you limit yourself to one question and one follow up, thank you and I will now turn the call over to Tom
Thomas. O’Flynn, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Sue, good morning everyone, thanks for joining us. Hope you got a chance to review our release, we put out earlier this morning, on this call I will go briefly over our results for the quarter and the full year 2005, I will also discuss our expectations for 2006 the overall market environment and finally the current status for our pending merger with Exelon. Briefly, operating earnings for PSEG were $226 million for the quarter, which excludes $6 million after tax, merger related costs and increase of a $116 million with $0.46 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year operating earnings also increased by $116 million, with $0.41 share. I will talk more about the cause of this substantial what we expect to be sustainable increase in operating earnings in a few minutes. Power reported operating earnings of $105 millions or $0.42 per share for the quarter, more than four times the $23 million or $0.10 per share contribution last year. For the full year, Power contributed $418 million or $.1.71 to PSEG results. This was an increase of $76 million or $0.28 share over 2004. PSE&G our utility, reported operating earnings of $68 millions, or $0.27 per quarter, $4 million improvement from last year. For the full year PSE&G reported operating earnings of $347 millions or $1.42 a share, $5 million increase. And finally holdings reported their operating earnings of $74 million or $0.30 per share for the quarter, an increase of $34 million from last year. For the year, holdings had a record year with operating earnings of $196 million, a $61 million increase over 2004. Summarizing the contribution by business, Power 44% PSE&G 36 % and Holdings 20%, good balance. When I go through the three major businesses, I will be using earnings per share to describe the various impacts. Our Power improvement to our performance was the key to this significant increase in earnings per quarter in the full year, overall the five units of PSEG Neclear fleet had a quarterly capacity factor of 93% versus 64% of the fourth quarter 2004. For the full year of our five unit fleet operative had a 90% capacity factor despite Hope Creek been out from most of January. This represented an 8% improvement over the 82% of capacity factor for 2004. For 2006 the plan anticipates an overall capacity factor slightly above 91%. We’ve made very good progress with operational improvements at the site since the start of the nuclear operating services agreement with Exelon last January. Our corrected maintenance backlog has reduced by 75% and is now the best in Exelon fleet. Upgrades to the facilities and improved communication to improve the work environment for the employees. We have also improved a capital and online efficiency. We appreciate that we still have work ahead of us, before we achieve the performance level for the Exelon fleet. However, we are very pleased with our progress to-date and remain firmly committed to achieving this objective. From a financial perspective, Nuclear was a very strong contributor in the fourth quarter, they are the only ones, contributed the fueling average in the active vessel head replacements in a world record 25 days, that is 17 days ahead of our original schedule. Also during the quarter all three New Jersey units performed well, and had a combined capacity factor that was 8% higher than planed, these two improvements provided 483,000 more megawatt hours into this system the, the time when prices average about $80 per megawatt hour. The higher energy prices were driven by the onset of cold weather in the region which increased natural gas prices. This combination of high prices increased nuclear output added about $0.09 to operating earnings for the quarter. The strong fourth quarter we experienced in 2005 directly in subcontracted fourth quarter of 2004 and Hope Creek was on an extended outage for most of the quarter. In the release we indicate a 2005 benefit of $0.22 in the fourth quarter related to replacement power cost in 2004, $0.14 in the extended Hope Creek outage and $0.08 for replacement power during the oil spill on the Delaware river the last December that shut boat sailing for more than a week. As a reminder Hope Creek wanted to go with it’s refueling outage under the Nuclear Operating services agreement with Exelon in the Spring. The fall this year Salem 2 will undergo a refueling outage consistent with the 18 month refueling cycle for all three Jersey plants. 2005 was also a year for improved operations for our coal fleet, we improved availability over 9% from 75% to 82%. The continued execution of our established 36-month plan, we an overall reduction of 20% in the total outage days, and our capacity factor increased from 66% to 73%. The year also saw record runs at each of our Bridgeport Harbor and Mercer stations. The absence of O&M comps associated with the Hope Creek outage in the fall of 2004, was somewhat offset by higher O&M cost (indiscernible) in the quarter. The net O&M benefit for the quarter was $0.07 per share, for the full year O&M was about $0.09 per share lower than 2004. We also saw year-over-year increase in depreciation and interest with our BEC plant in Albany coming on line mid year and a full year impact of Laurenceburg which came online in mid 2004. Turning now to the market environment, in the fourth quarter the increase in natural gas and energy prices resulted in mark-to-market losses of $0.04 per share for our non-trading energy related hedge positions. For the full year mark-to-market account accounting reduced margins by $0.05 per share. The vast majority of transactions we entered into a power are not subject to mark to market account. The few contracts that do require this treatment historically, not had a significant impact on our overall results. We recognize several that companies perform out mark to market accounting, we have now taken a step, we will do our best to clearly identified these impacts within power and potential holdings. The summary of the 28% improvement from 2004 to 2005 that power can be found in attachment 7th of the press release. Operating income for power in 2006 is expected to be in the range of $475 million to $525 million. The midpoint in this range represents an $80 million increase over our 2005 results. The key drivers to this increase are the higher prices for our nuclear and coal output. And it was realized because of the rolling nature of a forward hedge positions. The continued improvements in operations both into nuclear and fossil. There are three major items that will mitigate some of this gross margin improvement. Number one higher depreciation and interest gross facilitating with the commercial operation of the Linden facility in full year of the BEC. Secondly increase on land cost and finally lower Nuclear Decommissioning Trust or NDT earnings. Perhaps earning PSE&G. For the quarter the utility reported a slight improvement in earnings from $64 million to $68 million a increase of $0.01 per share. For the quarter the weather was about normal but slightly colder than the fourth quarter last year, which counts for most of the difference. For the full PSE&G reported earnings of $347 million, an increase of $5 million from 2004 but, a decrease in the earnings per share contribution of $0.02, due to higher shares outstanding. Expected earnings for 2006 in the utility are $315 million to $335 million, the reduction of $10 million to $30 million. Most of the reductions about $17 million due to the assumption of normal weather for the year. The part of settlement of 2004, electric based rate case, a $64 million annual depreciation credit was established. This credit expired on December 31st 2005. As part of settlement PSE&G was required to make a financial filing with BPU in November of 2005 to support the corresponding increase in rate offset for the lost of this depreciation credit. This issue would expected to be resolved before the first of the year. However, we now expect the decision to be delayed until after the first quarter. The cause of this delay on both cash and earnings which adds to $5 million pretax per month. Later this month we expect to file updated financial for our GAAP based rate case. We are expecting a decision in September 2006 with new rates effective October 1st. Now to holdings, to systemize our strategy to opportunistically monetize the absence of energy holdings, in late December we announced the sale of interest in the Seminole plant in Florida, a gain a $0.18 per share. Earlier this week we announced the sale of our two plants in Poland, we expect the proceeds will be about $300 million after-tax which compares to the book value of about $110 million. The gains in Seminole is included in Holding’s quarterly results of $74 million or $0.30 per share. While the sale is a significant contributor to the $34 million increase in Holding’s results for the quarter, it was not the only driver. Operations at Global primarily Texas and South America, produce strong results earning $0.08 more in the fourth quarter 2005, than in the same period of ‘04. Offsetting these favorable earnings were cost associated with redemption of 2007 bonds, premium payable to bondholders, one is in cost, online swaps totaled $0.04 per share for the quarter. It was also $0.04 loss year-over-year in the KKR portfolio due to Miles (phonetics) losses in the portfolio, in 2004 disposition gains not returns. Our remaining investment in the portfolio is about $6 million. Turning back to our Texas investment we had $0.01 loss from Mark-to-Market accounting related to a multi-year market contract we signed in the year-end. Such contracts provide financial stability but also increase our exposed to the mark-to-market impact. During the year Holdings also made $400 million of cash distributions to PSEG in the form of dividends and redemption for preference units. In addition Holdings called for redemption of all $309 million outstanding for the 2007 sedimentary quarter percentage bond in late December and closed on that a few days ago. Looking forward to ‘06 Holding’s expect to earn $155 million to $175 million, excluding any gain from the sale of the assets in Poland. $25 million to $45 million reduction from ’05 record earnings is essential to the absence of the favorable impact from the Seminole sale we just saw. We expect Holding’s to contribute to 15% to 20% of PSEGs overall results in 2006. Now for review of financial cash flow. Tax from operations excluding changes of working capital was fairly consistent with last year. Higher commodity prices will provide meaningful growth of power but it will result in increase working capital requirements in the form of cash collateral posting and fuel purchases. In the near term these factors increased working capital requirements by about $500 million at Power during 2005. In support of these higher collateral needs during the fourth quarter PSEG and Power established an additional $1.125 billion of bilateral credit agreements with various maturities. We are very comfortable with our liquidity position and as of the year end PSEG had total liquidity available of $2.5 billion and joint PSEG and power facilities of approximately $1.9 billion available. Despite the working capital needs I discussed earlier total excess cash available to pay down debt which include the asset sales securitization financing and offshore tax activity was about $150 million positive. In addition operating cash flow, this includes about $950 million of additional items. Namely Holdings $525 million of net proceeds from asset sales and offshore cash, totaling net proceeds of $325 million from sale of Waterford and PSE&G an 100 million of securitization bond that were issued since September. As I reminder, last month, we announced a $0.01 increase in our quarterly dividend, this was a third consecutive annual dividend increase we provided to our shareholders, demonstrates the continuing cash and earnings strength of PSEG. As you are likely aware the BGS auctions will start shortly, New Jersey will auction off 1/3 of it’s residential and small commercial load for a three year period. With this structure most Electric consumers in New Jersey pay an annual price based on the average prices for past three years. In an rising price environment this helps to minimize the impact to customers. I’ll brief you with the merger. Last week the Pennsylvania PSC approved our merger with Exelon. In New Jersey earnings for the merger review have been extended and are now expected to conclude on February 27. This will leads to enable the PGM market monitor to complete an analysis of the bears alternatives through asset sales, we provided in late December. The asset sale alternatives were all consistent with the proposed sale of 4000 Megawatt fossil generation, and the virtual divestiture of 2600 megawatt to Nuclear generation was approved by Fork last summer. Settlement discussions began December and expected to resume after the hearings conclude. Schedule dates for the administrated law judges and initial decision and final order from New Jersey BPU will be extended as a result but no firm date has been set. We expect to complete all the regulatory reviews including the DOJ and closed the merger late in the second quarter of 2006. It may occur earlier I the settlement is concluded and accepted by New Jersey BPU. That concludes my remarks and I will now open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session for the members of the financial community. If you have a question please press the number “1” followed by the number “4” on your telephone, you will hear three tone prompt acknowledging your request. If your question has been answered and you wish to withdraw your polling request you may do so by pressing the “1” followed by the “3”. If you are on a speaker phone, please pickup your handset before entering your request, one moment please our first question. Our first question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from SAC Capital, please proceed with your question.
Q – Ashar Khan: Good morning.
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: Good morning
Q – Ashar Khan: Tom, could you just mention to us, what is the average in the ‘06 forecast for power, what kind of that average PGS implied prices there for the BGS market that you will be serving in New Jersey. Could you share something, previously you guys had provided as part of your presentation, what the average embedded price was in the context , could you share, what the average embedded price is right now for 2006, based on which the power forecast is based on?
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: Yeah. Ashar, I say it no.1 on any commentary on the BGS, the price or any market there, I think, it’s with the auction, the FP auction starting on Monday, I won’t need to stay away from any market commentary. In general, I think, it’s part of that, we just want to need quantify or specify what ever assumptions were, I tell you that, when we put out our guidance, it was griping end of 2005, so it was generally a longer line of the market at that time, since that time, has been some put’s and take’s, generally comfortable with where we are at this point, but it was generally consistent worth the market towards end of the year.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay but could you just, you can’t give us a data point as to, what is that right price in your forecast right now. What are you expecting your - the sales, I guess, you have some old contracts and new contracts and all that, but what is the current embedded price is right now in the portfolio, is this is something you can give some measure?
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: No, I think, all I can say is just regards to the PGS contracts, the public number that will last the end of May of ’06, informed to get our forecast, we use generally the end kind of market numbers.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay.
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: I am not trying to duck your question, I was still want to get any indicators at a certain point of time, our price of PGS was X.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay.
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: That’s unfair with the market, with the auctions just days away.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay, could you share with us, how much you have hedged in your portfolio this year and next year?
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: I would say that late in the year, I think, it’s a third quarter call and at EEI, we talked about general forward hedge percentages, you may remember, we talked about nuclear and coal generated about 80% of megawatt hours while like 90% of our margin in megawatt hours if you will. At the end of the year, I think, in November EEI in our earnings call, just before that, we said, for ’06, we are about 85% to 90% sold on nuclear and coal, in ’07 we are about 65 to 75, in the following year, ’08 we have about 35 to 50.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay.
A – Thomas M O’Flynn: Those are generally good numbers, we nearly happy with things that we generally look to sell 75% or more of our output coal for an 20 to 24 month period, I think, those themes are still there, I think, what we would BGS so close, we probably wanted to stay away from ticking in time those numbers to the extent there is any meaningful updates in those other script are okayed that we file by the end of February. We haven’t any up dates on those.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, and Tom previously you had indicated that you would based on where you were last year, I guess there was language that you expected double digit earnings growth going forwards?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Q - Ashar Khan: Is just, I am just trying to is that is to reaffirm Greg, you are seeing double digit earnings growth beyond ’06 for the next two or three years going forward, is that a better statement?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, what we said is, we put our guidance growth ’06, it was so good with 3.45 to 3.75 and then we said the expected earnings per share growth in each of ’07 and ’08 to be 10% or more of that base. Yes, we still go ahead.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, and then can I just ask you went through the power guidance for ’06 and you said the impact were positive were the higher prices and the rolling nature and the negative toward the high depreciation, the O&M and the nuclear NDT. Could you quantify any of these either on the negative or on the positive, so we can do the offsets, what you are facing?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, I have just couple of thing right now and then I should talk to that question, but in general the NDT, the net contribution of that, this year is going to be around $0.16, $0.17 range. That’s above consistent with where it was in ’04, but on a normal year, we just release balancing from realignment of some of that funds and in normal year we expect it to be a few penny.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: So, that’s a $0.14, $0.15 differential or reduction from ’05 to ’06. The other plant there is Linden and that’s going, we expect that to come online in April or May. And just ballpark numbers, the cost of that. The asset cost about $1 billion, and so if you can see fairly easily figure out that we’ve got depreciation that about 40 year period and there is also got IDC on that reflects 7%. So, that’s going to cause an increase in depreciation and relevant interest cost. Those are the big pieces other pieces BEC will be online for full year. Obviously those plants we can see margin, at least the gas fire powered plant increase the gas prices, energy margin is minimal in the nearly years, they will buy those plants within capacity in, and we expect that our profitability as our RTM is more firmly in place.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Paul Fremont from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Q - Paul Fremont: Thanks, just quickly can you go through the guidance for each of the segments again, I guess, I heard power 4.75 so 5.25 Holdings is 1.65 to 1.75?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Q - Paul Fremont: So, PSE&G and other would be what?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: You said for Holdings you said 1.55 to 1.75?
Q - Paul Fremont: I thought, I had I heard 1.65 to 1.75?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah. normally you still do. Power you are right 4.75 to 5.25, E&G is 3.15 to 3.35 and then Holdings is 1.55 to1.75.
Q - Paul Fremont: 1.55 to 1.75
A - Thomas O'Flynn: 1.55 to 1.75 and then we got up an offset at the parent and yes, it was up year shares outstanding, we need to put in that offset for the parent, its in the 70, 80 offset negative range, which is expenses and financing cost.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay, and …
A - Thomas O'Flynn: It is laid out on, you know in the press release its laid out on the second, third page.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay, and in terms of potential reaching a settlement in New Jersey, I guess in the past both Public Service and Exelon has indicated that they were optimistic about potentially being able to reach a settlement rather than having a go to a litigated decision, would you, would that sort of remain the case today as well?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, we something catch up, that’s a reasonable expectation, Paul, it is consistent with how we manage things in the past, if you look at the year ’04 (phonetics) rate case, we had as the major restructuring, we had back then 5, 6 years ago that’s consistent. I would say that for the next few weeks Dr. Bowring the market monitor for PJM, is scheduled to put some information forward to the BPU and I believe it will be public to the PJM, that will be over next few days, he is on the – he will be providing some testimony next week and then we will back, late in February. So, during that process we will obviously be adhering to the schedule, after that point of time, there will be an opportunity, we have had some discussions in December, but obviously the last since the start of the year there has been very active and productive schedule. But, after that point of time there will be an opportunity, we have, try to atleast welcome us if it possible.
Q - Paul Fremont: And the last question from me is, any update on DOJ from the conversation in the Exelon conference call?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: No, we continue to have a dialogue. We have no material updates, obviously continue to have interaction and dialogue with those folks, it is taking longer than we had initially, potentially anticipated but we continue to have fruitful dialogue and I think we are making progress. Right in that, I should stay away from these specific playback, right Paul.
Q - Paul Fremont: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from line of Stephen Long from Citigroup. Please proceed with your question?
Q - Stephen Long: Hi, good morning. Had a question here on in Q4 for, in the power segment, you guys reported $41 million in other income, how much of that was NDT related or it was something else there?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah I’d say the lions share, that would be the NDT. Of the $0.15, $0.17 that I mentioned I think they are our share that was largely third quarter and fourth quarter.
Q – Stephen Long: Largely in the third and fourth quarter.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, if I can remember.
Q – Stephen Long: When you guys gave out your 2006 guidance, you guys talked about PJ and after revising a $3 per kilowatt year. Has that changed much since you guys came out with that rate last year I means that seems to even below what you guys talked about in 2005 and going into 2005. Any near indications there Tom.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: No we’ve not seen need for changes in ‘06 capacity prices. The real discussion on capacity prices would be in the development of the RPM that would impact ‘07, ‘08 obviously thereafter. So there hasn’t been material changes to ‘06.
Q – Stephen Long: And in regards to the Energy Holdings and the repatriation, how much money did you guys bring back because of the job back then did any of that report as a gain in earnings that we might to look to strip that?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Now it’s 242 we pay tax and that costs us $11 million. So those actually is an offset because we paid a modest 5% tax on, those 242 I think is in our press release.
Q – Stephen Long: Okay, and then deprecation, can you just remind on the BEC side and how much more additional deprecation would you expect there, what was the total cost of the plan?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: It a $500 million plant and it came in roughly in the middle of the year.
Q – Stephen Long: Okay
A - Thomas O'Flynn: So it would you ever have a full year opposed to half year.
Q – Stephen Long: Okay and then the last question I have was on a 64 million depreciation, what you guys are saying is that it you guys won’t be able to deal with this until atleast into the first quarter so that’s more than less employing that there is $15 million at the pre tax is going away is that embedded in that guidance that you gave or this is sort of everything is going to be incremental.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: No it’s not. I think the guidance we put out last October, November contemplated that we would get reasonable resolution of that effective January 1st but obviously a headwind if I call it, this fortune tend to grow up the organization.
Q – Stephen Long: Okay. And just one more thing, In the old days you guys, in 2004 you guys just talked about the trading in BGSS items in your power division to generating about a $150 maybe $200 million of gross margin, now that everything is going on is that still the case or is that a number that is now sort of changed.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: It’s till a change, I think it’s come down if you look at year-over-year it’s probably come down about $30 million if you look at overall activity which would include BGSS, it would include other assets activities we have like FTR and AR it would also include a modest amount of trading that we do. I think I’d say our trading ‘05 to ‘04 is not been a substantial part of that business but it was a lower number. Some of that market activities and then also we have had some attrition of folk to be honest as the merger is pending is not easy on people frankly as this anxiety and we had some attrition that has caused us to bow down activities.
Q – Stephen Long: So when we are thinking of the modeling aspect at least for now we should think of that as a sort of a run rate of the lower end of that like the 150 and then but going forward with merger of Exelon do you anticipate that ramping back up to more that 200 range.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah I think that a strategic discussion with ourselves and Exelon we have not done joint business planning if you will, you need to be careful with DOJ and other things out there but having some modest increase is not unreasonable.
Q – Stephen Long: Okay great thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come for the line of Michael Goldenberg from Luminus Management please proceed with your question.
Q - Michael Goldenberg: Good morning guys. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions, couple of confirmations. Now, I know Oyester Creek is run by Exelon but could you give us more updates on what’s happening there lately. I know there’s been a couple of reports about Oyster Creek, I just wanted to -?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: I ask you to stay away from that, that part of plan would speculation sure, the Exelon folks would happy to address any question.
Q - Michael Goldenberg: But given that you jointly operation most of the plants now wouldn’t you be purviewed to what’s happening there?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: No, We really in fact, we need to be very careful about information sharing from a regulatory standpoint so, no. We are obviously doing a great job Bill Lader and his team, they are at the island, where our three plants are, two Salems and Hope Creek, they are obviously doing a great job for us. So that is really where I am going to comment on.
Q - Michael Goldenberg: And secondly I wanted to ask you about the 630 projected merger closing date. Could you outline the top two things or maybe the top one thing that could delay the merger also top one or two things that could speed up the merger.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: I think the major piece, the two outstanding things are DOJ and BPU. I think the we are just thought that, general thought that the BPU would be the critical path that schedule the month of January was productive in terms of we had a lot of witness up, got through the schedule, Dr. Bowring was the market monitor for PJM, and is a very important person, we in late December, filed on two scenarios on the 4000 megawatt to divesture that we think is consistent with work. It (phonetics) consistent while it seems that we had to date we did put more, look at two scenarios out there, Dr. Bowring has in his evaluating notes, he will make that information available and then there will be some additional hearings at the BPU and he will have an opportunity to talk about those and have some Q&A so that’s going to be February. That is on next week and then they’ll come back in late February. After that then there will be the proceedings will still go along but there would an opportunity to have the settlement discussions. The current date for the BPU to reach a settlement is May 15th as I think in my prepared remark said we would expect that to be delayed and that there is no specific timeline but Dr. Bowring scheduled pushes things out four, five weeks. So that could cause a delay as much as of that period of time in the form of schedules. But as we said before we hope to have an opportunity to have some reasonable settlement discussions and I think that is going to be the major determinant of time.
Q - Michael Goldenberg: Gotcha. I mean would you say the probability of your closedown time is greater than say 70%.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, I would rather stay away from that as well as there from the typical?
Q - Michael Goldenberg: Yeah. Understood, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you.
Operator instructions:
Q – Clark Orsky: Yeah, I had a couple questions on holdings. The proceeds from the Polish plant sales, what is the plan there, are you going to take out more debts that Holdings, that hold any hope?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, we have not made any firm determinations at this point, obviously if you look at ‘05 we paid up about $400 million upto PSEG, paid off $320 million or so including the premium in terms of debt retirement. As there is been in the general practice we look at general full in coverage ratios. Look to provide some fairness to the PSEG bondholders but also look to buy some cash upstairs, so the closings are not expected for number of months, it was just announced a couple of days ago. The center of agreements isn’t expected for a number of months, we will accept that as we go along but no firm plan to this time.
Q – Clark Orsky: Okay, can you tell us what the total debt at holdings was at the end of the year?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: I think it was $1.7 billion, that was the full or the 300s so the 300 GAAP redeemed a couple of days ago so $1.4 billion in about that range.
Q – Clark Orsky: Okay and I guess just on Just on the Texas plants, I think you said you entered into some contracts or whatever I was wondering what the hedge position for ‘06 is.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: We generally are with our project finance, we are project financings down there in both, definitely while we are looping we generally 50% or more like with 75% hedge on our one year basis.
Q – Clark: Okay and your saying
A - Thomas O'Flynn: If you look out we are generally on the 50% range
Q – Clark: Okay. And you were saying stronger pricing there?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes we had a Texas was a good pick up from ‘05 to ‘04 we are seeing a good pick up in parts spreads and in the contract we had talked about we did sign a multi year contract generally multi year contracts we are able to get normal hedge accounting on for a variety of accounting reasons we were not able to get a hedge accounting, it makes senses for us and it is only a penny now the reason that we are bring it up is just that it may increase, we are likely to do it getting mark-to-marketing issues going up going forward.
Q – Clark: Okay. I appreciate you thanks
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Greg Schultz from SAB Capitals, please proceed with your questions.
Q - Greg Scholes: Hi. just a couple of questions, how much power do you generate for the year? and what do you expect for you know, I know your guidance, what are you sort of assuming, I know you gave me the-?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: I think, our generation is about 49, 50 megawatt hours if I guess, I remember it was-
Q - Greg Scholes: Yep. 50 gigs and then next year what are you sort of looking at?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: The same kind of range.
Q - Greg Scholes: Okay. And then your guiding, If look at this right for PSE&G your guiding operating earnings down a little bit.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, it is mostly weather.
Q - Greg Scholes: Yes, it is largely weather.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: As I said Its down 10 to 30 and weather was 17 so.
Q - Greg Scholes: And my last question is just how much debt you had at the end of the year at the parent please?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Unconsolidated. I mean they have to circle back again that number its probably about $1.5 billion so we may circle back you in, including taxes, but we are preferred to note, things of that nature.
Operator: Thank you and follow up questions from the line of Stephen Long from CitiGroup. Please proceed with your questions?
Q - Stephen Long: Thanks, Tom on parent and looking out into ‘07, ‘08 are we still going to see 78, 80 a year
A - Thomas O'Flynn: For this year we will, we shook them down over time in cash generation to page down debt over 2 years.
Q - Stephen Long: Okay and then what did you guys talk about in terms of stated strategy that you had in Connecticut, once the contract ends at the end of this year, with the power prices that you guys are getting out there right now but the step up is quite significant depending on what you guys plan to do with that?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: We haven’t specifically addressed our market strategy, we obviously aware of what is out there in the markets and there is liquid market out there, so we don’t give hedge ratio’s market by market.
Q - Stephen Long: Right.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: But, as you know there was obviously the opportunities for us to use the market to look things beyond, to look at opportunities beyond the expirations of our contract at the end of this year. Just in terms of lie cap, we have been involved in lie cap discussions, the recent settlement we have not signed on to, we think there is some improvement that could be done, we continue to be in active participant in that process we think that number of constructive pieces of it.
Q - Stephen Long: Okay and then was there environment issues with Bridgeport? I thought there was something that you needed to look at.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: There are some and that would be some CapEx, will be consistent with our, generally consistent with our CapEx that we provide on a five year basis. I think it’s a ‘07, ‘08 generally in the plan we provide a CapEx, how do you look forward every K, we would be doing that in our K that we be filing at the end of the month.
Q - Stephen Long: And then was there anything down about, I believe is it Hudson that you guys were looking at any update on that?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: No update on that from what was in our Q with our settlement there are issues with us running that after the end of this year it is a very valuable plant for PJM and we have been some discussions as out lined in our Q with environmentally, it is largely the New Jersey authorities on thinking about managed way to continue that had that plants available but there is no material updates from our Q, I mean its pretty well online.
Q - Stephen Long: Okay but the CapEx is often not embedded in there, right?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: That’s correct. That at this point if I am clear the lifecycle of Hudson it’s very clear on our minds its Bridgeport is an extremely valuable plant it here to stay there is some CapEx we need to deal with it, generally consistent with our table, Hudson is more subject to discussion.
Q - Stephen Long: Okay great thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have another follow up question from the line of Ashar Khan from SAC Capital
Q - Ashar Khan: Tom, could you just provide, I believe there is some upgrades on the nuclear coming up could you just provide us the timeline of those upgrades or they have been done I thought they were ‘06, ‘07 timeframe.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: It’s more ‘07, ‘08. It’s been, the nuclear industry has had some other issues with a couple of other plants that have upgrades and that’s slow down approval process.
Q - Ashar Khan: Could you remind us that, the amount in climbing down in the planning?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: If we created a 170 megawatts and it is in the ‘07, ‘08 timeframe.
Q – Ashar Khan: ‘07 and ’08 timeframe. Okay and then just going back to what you said, you said it was the output for about 50000 and if I heard you said same output in ‘06 and in the beginning part of the call you said nuclear and coal is about 80% correct?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay. Thank you.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Assume one of our tables, the nuclear call was-
Q – Ashar Khan: Just about 40,000?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: I think it is a little over, I think it is about 85% this year.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay is that what you are expecting next year in ‘06
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Q – Ashar Khan: So 84%, 85% of the 50.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: It’s actually it is 85 its 86 I am sorry 85 nuclear is 55% and coal is 31%.
Q – Ashar Khan: Ok that’s what you expect again 2006?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Yes that’s an indication our facilities are running well and we continue to expect that to continue.
Q – Ashar Khan: Okay
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. The next follow up question comes from the Greg Schultz from SAB Capitals, please proceed.
Q - Greg Schultz: Hi, a couple of follow ups. The fuel costs, are those expected to go, it would sort of go next year I don’t know how your coal, how you are hedged on coal, just a general?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: In general we did see fuel cost to be, we asked the question before but fuel cost ton for ton, we thought it was going to be in a 13% to 15% increase ‘04 to ‘05 it would be probably more like 20% increase, there is some deliverability issues and other things or these-.
Q - Greg Schultz: Are you paying sort of full market on that at this point?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: We’d expected to be more the increase, probably more about 10%.
Q - Greg Schultz: Okay and just back on.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: That’s what I think 20% that ton for ton you’ll find the total of coal is larger good news cause plants are doing more.
Q - Greg Schultz: Sure, sure and then just on your – on the sales that you make and it prices you hedged when the BGS comes up whatever price you get is the price get and you don’t’ and so all your hedge sales are just on the, on what you don’t call, BGS is that, how it works, we knew it’s at 85%.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: The numbers that I threw out, I think Ashar asked me, I threw out the hedge ratios, they were in our EEI presentation 85, 96, 75, 35, 50 that’s on our expected total coal in nuclear output, which is the lion share obviously the margin, in large we have shown pieces of them in our IR stuff in the past, we had to get CGF contracts that we are through that, to the extent that doesn’t do all the full hedging that we want then we look at other contracts that, the contracts that just the counter part is a general contract that within PJM or various liquid markets.
Q - Greg Schultz: But you don’t. I am just confused, you don’t hedge the BGS piece before indeed?
A - Thomas O'Flynn: We generally I don’t want to go into BGS capacity but we generally have capacity here and we are, we have facilities that are in New Jersey generally situated in goods parts relative to load and we generally have BGS contract coming often then we would have generation available, that could be used.
Q - Greg Schultz: Priceless. Right so, whatever, you generated 50 gigs of what is chunk of it, a portion of that be BGS, some price we will find out and then the large remaining stuff you sold last I guess some point last year and what point at throughout the year you sort of a the hedge out remaining piece.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: I mean, generally I mean if you assume the hedge ratio that I talked about and time aggressive then things will allow other things were added, sometimes BGS contract sometime the general market contracts, we generally think that kind of forward look is low forward that we want try to maintain some have a little more head, sometimes a little less hedge depending on variety of factors.
Q - Greg Schultz: And I guess that problem that I am having is your, may be you guys are very constructive but on the guidance, like if I sort of take it, so what I think to be genesis kind of look like and sort of our prices were last surely, you hedged that sort of hard to get the numbers you to talking you about.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: For big centers if you look at ’06 price, ’06 price is quite good. But as we said in November we are 85% or 90% hedge.
Q - Greg Schultz: No but I may be unfaking though, even faking sort of those lower sort of mid ’05 prices and then throwing in something for the BGS seem like I am missing something.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Like you mean that there should be more margin?
Q - Greg Schultz: Yeah that’s a right.
A - Thomas O'Flynn: Actually, I said should be $18 million of after tax incremental margin for prices and amounts about, by then it is offset, as I said is up so that you are right, there is some probable assets other than it offsets and I mean, O&M, NDT and Linden, where you will see depreciation. And ITC, so happy I threw it off.
Q - Greg Schultz: Okay. Thank you for the detail.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. O’Flynn, there are no further questions at this time please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Thomas. O’Flynn, Chief Financial Officer: Okay thanks everybody for joining in, we are also very pleased with our year end results, we think we got a business model with balances and earnings growth, and proven risk management and we are pleased that we had some very good numbers coming out of all our businesses and also look forward to continue progress, and in terms of the merger with Exelon.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that conclude your conference call for today, you may disconnect and thank you for participation.
