===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2025 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, President of PCA; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call, as usual, with an overview of the first quarter results, and then I'm going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details. After that, I'll wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $204 million or $2.26 per share. Excluding special items, first quarter 2025 net income was $208 million or $2.31 per share compared to the first quarter of 2024 net income of $155 million or $1.72 per share. First quarter net sales were $2.1 billion in 2025 and $2 billion in 2024. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter, excluding special items, was $421 million in 2025 and $333 million in 2024. First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.05 per share, primarily for the closure costs related to corrugated products facilities. Details of special items for both the first quarter of 2025 and 2024 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.59 per share increase in first quarter 2025 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2024 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.78 per share and volume $0.27 per share in the Packaging segment. Higher prices and mix in the Paper segment $0.01; lower freight and logistics expenses, $0.01; and lower scheduled outage costs $0.01. Partially offsetting these improvements, operating costs came in about where we expected at $0.37 above last year's level. Although we did see lower fiber prices during the quarter, we continue to experience inflation across most of our cost structure. Our focus on operational efficiency, cost reduction initiatives, capital project execution have helped minimize the negative impact of the persistent inflation. In addition, Paper segment volume was lower by $0.02, depreciation and other expenses were higher by $0.03 per share. Our tax rate was higher by $0.04 per share, and we had higher interest expense of $0.03 per share. The results were $0.10 above the first quarter guidance of $2.21 per share, primarily due to higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment. Looking at the Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter of 2025 of $409 million with sales of $2 billion resulted in a margin of 21% versus last year's EBITDA of $326 million and sales of $1.8 billion or an 18% margin. Excellent margin improvement for the quarter was driven by sound execution in our price increase implementation, solid box shipment volume, record containerboard production and outstanding operational performance at our mills and box plants. We are also able to end the quarter at targeted inventory levels, which puts us in a great position compared to last year's historically low inventories. Our employees continued to deliver on numerous cost reduction initiatives, efficiency improvements, integration and optimization enhancements and capital project benefits to not only minimize the negative impact from the persistent inflation, we currently see across most of our cost structure, but also to capitalize on our longer-term strategic goals. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who's going to provide further details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. The disciplined implementation of the price increases for liner, medium and boxes according to our announcements was a significant contributor to this year's first quarter results. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix were $0.72 per share above the first quarter of 2024 and up $0.41 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2024. Export containerboard prices were up $0.06 per share versus last year's first quarter and down $0.01 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2024. Although we began to see some pullback in the middle of the quarter related to the uncertainty created by trade tensions around the world, box demand was solid and exceeded a very strong comparative period in last year's first quarter. Total volume and shipments per day in our corrugated products plants were up 2.5% versus last year's first quarter when per day shipments were up 11% over the previous year. Also, in addition to supplying record containerboard production volume to meet the integrated needs of our box plants, outside sales volume of containerboard was 30,000 tons above the first quarter of 2024 and 6,000 tons above the fourth quarter of 2024. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect the economic uncertainty to continue weighing on demand. However, we still believe the box shipments will be higher than the first quarter and above last year's tough comp, which was up 9.2% over the previous year. Regarding the strategic capital plan for our converting plants, I'd like to mention that in March, we had a successful start-up of our new state-of-the-art high-efficiency full-line box plant in Glendale, Arizona. The 365,000 square foot plant was started up ahead of schedule, significantly below budget and all equipment was operational during the first week of production. Previously, we were limited in our ability to serve and grow with our customers in this key marketplace due to the plant's limited capability and aging equipment that required us to pull from several different locations, some of which were quite far away geographically. Our new plant will increase box capacity by almost 2 billion square feet, significantly increase productivity on a unit labor hour basis, reduce costs and allows us to optimize our service capabilities, not only in the Phoenix area, but also in the growing markets in Las Vegas and portions of California. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter was $40 million with sales of $154 million or a 26% margin compared to the first quarter of 2024 EBITDA of $41 million and sales of $164 million or a 25% margin. The employees of our Paper business continued to deliver excellent customer service and remain focused on efficient and cost-effective operations in order to deliver outstanding margins for the quarter. Similar to the industry, sales volume was 7% below a particularly strong first quarter of 2024, along with current economic uncertainty. Volume was 2% above the seasonally weaker fourth quarter of 2024. Paper prices and mix were 2% above the first quarter of 2024 and flat versus the fourth quarter of 2024. Our previously announced price increase began to be implemented during the quarter for all office printing and converting grades. Prices have begun to move up according to the terms of our customers, and we expect to begin seeing higher prices in the second quarter results. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations set a first quarter record totaling $339 million and free cash flow was also a first quarter record at $191 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $148 million and dividend payments of $112 million. Our quarter end cash balance, including marketable securities was $914 million with liquidity of just over $1.2 billion. As mentioned in our earnings release last night to help manage the current economic uncertainty and its impact on our demand, we have adjusted our planned maintenance outage schedule and pulled up into the second quarter an outage that was scheduled for later in the year. This will result in a $0.16 per share increase in planned outage expenses for the second quarter versus the first quarter. The revised total company estimated cost impact for the year is now $1.22 per share versus $1.18 per share previously. The actual impact in the first quarter was $0.23 per share and the revised estimated impact by quarter for the remainder of the year is now $0.39 per share in the second quarter, $0.16 in the third and $0.44 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the first and into the second quarter, as always, our attention will remain on what we can control. Our North American focus, together with our balance sheet strength, well capitalized mills and plants, our commitment to strategic goals and our proven ability to respond quickly and effectively to external factors will serve us well during a period of economic uncertainty. We anticipate continued ambiguity relative to domestic and foreign tariff actions and their effect on global trade and our demand trends. Therefore, we've made certain assumptions in our guidance to recognize potential negative impacts to volume and costs from the uncertainty. In the Packaging segment, we expect domestic prices to improve with continued implementation of our price increases along with fairly flat export prices. Although we see box shipments improving, operating costs will be negatively impacted due to lower containerboard volume as we run our operations to match demand assumptions. Also, as Bob mentioned, adjustments to our planned maintenance outage schedule will result in a $0.16 per share increase in outage costs compared to the first quarter. In the Paper segment, implementation of a higher published price index prices from the first quarter will continue, although volume will be lower with the planned maintenance outage at our International Falls, Minnesota mill. Rail contract rate increases at 6 of our mills during the first and second quarters will result in higher freight and logistics expenses and depreciation expense is assumed to be higher as well. Considering these items, we expect the second quarter earnings of $2.41 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to open the call to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos : Hi everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Good morning Tom. You mentioned ambiguity, obviously, in the macro environment, and you mentioned that you had made some change in how you're looking at your guidance and forecast. You laid out a couple of things. Were there some other points that you wanted to delve into in terms of how you're adjusting how you're looking at forecast and guiding for the year? And relatedly, what are the early bookings and billings for 2Q?
Mark Kowlzan : Everything we just talked about and the way we are looking at the quarter is based on, and I'll use the term caution that's being exercised by our customer base. A lot of our customers are looking at their business and everybody is being very prudent. And so therefore, on the -- how the ordering is flowing through, everybody is just again, being very cautious about how they present their business to the marketplace. So again, across the board, our business is still robust, but it's just -- again, I'm just going to use the word cautious. Tom, do you want to talk about cut up for the --.
Thomas Hassfurther : Yes, George. Our bookings and billings are up 4.1% starting out the quarter. So we are starting out well at about what we expected. I think the caution relates to a number of different things. You've got, obviously, the tariffs and these sorts of things. And you can listen to all the experts and talk about it, but there is no real expert in this arena right now because there is attempting to do things that haven't been done for a long, long time. So I think there is some caution related around that. And also, this is happening at the same time, we are fully implementing a price increase. And in addition, the mix is changing somewhat in corrugated in total because e-comm continues to be a growth engine for corrugated, and that's really related to the second half of the year more so than the first half. So a lot of moving parts, and that's what we're reflecting.
Mark Kowlzan : Bob, do you want to --.
Robert Mundy : Yes, George. I'll just add one other thing, George. You have to also consider that, and we mentioned last night that we exceeded our guidance because of better price realization in our Packaging segment. So that number -- the amount we exceeded our internal guidance by was more than the $0.10 beat we had in the first quarter. So said another way, that was something we thought we would get more likely in the second quarter. So that -- you have to consider that as well when you look at our second and first quarter together.
George Staphos : I see. I see. I appreciate that, and that adds some good color. Relatedly, so you said that inventories are where you'd like them to be. You're seeing an increase in box volumes. Yet we're seeing containerboard production, I think you're implying coming lower 2Q versus 2Q. Help me understand if there are any missing parts in what I've just relayed. And if not, why you're reducing production if your inventories are in good shape as your box volumes are going up. And I recognize things are pretty cautious out there overall, which you mentioned. And then lastly, you mentioned in fourth quarter reporting that you were anticipating a richer mix for 1Q. From our numbers, profit per ton produced was up a couple of bucks, which is fine from 4Q. Is that where you expected it? Was it up or down versus expectations? Thank you guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan : Let me talk to the first part there. As far as, again, based on what we are seeing in the marketplace, as we've always done, we're running to our expected demand across the board, what we see with our customer throughout North America. There -- because of some of the trade tariff debate going on, we have pulled back from a very small amount of export going specifically to China. And it was just -- and again, it is a very, very small amount. But again, just as we've always done, we're running to our customer demand. That being said, we anticipate the month of May, we'll probably have two of our smaller machines down for the month unless something changes dramatically. And so that's how we're going to manage our inventory. That has something to do with some of what we talked about with the cost impact on these outages. We are taking the mills down for their annual outage. We're pulling up -- the outage we referred to that we are pulling up from the latter part of the year is at Filer City, Michigan. That was planned for the fall, and we're pulling that up to the month of May. But that will probably keep one of the small machines down for the extra number of weeks, as we see the inventories and demand move around. And so we're just -- we're being cautious in our own right on how we look at the world. And -- but that's -- again, we have that ability to move very quickly if we need to. There was another part of the question that you had there. Refresh me on what was that second part?
George Staphos : Mix.
Thomas Hassfurther : I don't remember really talking about richer mix in the first quarter because the first quarter is just a pretty stable mix. And of course, you are not going to have a tremendous amount of graphics or anything like that in the first quarter. So the one -- couple of things that did impact us though in the first quarter that we haven't really even talked about, and that is we did have more weather related closures than we would typically have in any winter. So that was impactful. And then also in Southern Texas, the weather did impact the ag business down there to a large extent. But I think also what we are talking about when we talk about the mill outages and moving those up is because we do see the second half demand being significantly higher than the first half. So we see an opportunity to get that done. And so it just makes good sense so we can run full out in the second half of the year.
George Staphos: Thank you Tom. Make sense, I’ll turn over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Roxland : Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And congrats on good results in a tough operating environment. In terms of just the $0.10 beat, can you just -- and you mentioned that due to higher prices and mix in packaging, can you just provide a little more color with respect to your operations? Was something specifically the way you ran your mills? Was it something with the contracts where price was able to flow through faster? Just want to get a sense of how you were able to beat your expectations by $0.10 in 1Q.
Mark Kowlzan : Well, as I called out on my portion of the script, we operated exceptionally well, but we also moved our price increase through very, very effectively. Tom, do you want to comment?
Thomas Hassfurther : Well, I just -- the only comment I would make is that we implemented the price increase exactly as we said we would in our announcements. And I think that's very important. So there was a larger portion, obviously the price increase related to our outside sales of liner and medium along with the noncontract box price increase. And the rest of the contractual box price increase will continue to be rolled through in the second quarter and will be completed by July. So that will have that normal 90-day cycle that we typically see.
Mike Roxland : Got it. I appreciate the color there, Tom. And then just following up on your comments on e-commerce. You gained some share in e-commerce, I believe. Obviously, it is continuing to flow through ops and some of it, obviously, is maybe more traditional brown box type products as well. Can you just give us a sense of some of those business wins that you had in e-commerce, where they stand with respect to EBITDA margin and return on invested capital relative to your underlying business? Is that the business that you picked up from an e-commerce vantage point, your 20% type EBITDA margins, call it, mid-upper teens return on invested capital type business?
Thomas Hassfurther : Well, Mike, I would say we picked up -- our volume growth is primarily a result of our existing customers, number one. Number two is we did add some additional outside customers. We don't typically target any particular segment. We target customers that we know will be around for the long haul and that we've done business with for decades. Now that said, e-comm is the #1 growing segment in corrugated. And obviously, that becomes a larger segment for us as well since we do business with the e-comm providers. And are the margins better or worse, whatever? No. The margins are what they are, and we make -- we don't take on business just for the sake of taking on volume. I mean I think we've said that many, many times. We have a business to run. Our customers have a business to run, and we both expect to be able to make good returns in our businesses. So we've done a lot of things in our mills that we've talked about in terms of customizing our boards for different industries and different demands. And so I think that a lot of -- there's been discussion about let's say, as an example, well, price doesn't seem to move as much for certain industries or your mix -- the mix is getting more towards brown than it is towards graphics, things like that. Well, that's really just a result of what's happening in the marketplace. If e-comm is growing, that means big box is probably going the other way, which also means there's less graphics and displays and things like that and some of that other, what you call richer mix. So we're just adapting to whatever the marketplace is. And that's demonstrated also in what we've talked about, what we're doing in the second quarter.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan : Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Gabe Hajde : Tom, Bob, good morning. Tom, I want to challenge maybe a little bit of what you said. I mean, two of the other competitors in the marketplace are talking about value over volume and trying to extract more from customers. Maybe I don't know if they are talking about retail-ready packaging or figuring out ways to upsell customers, maybe wow them when they get that package on their porch and when the opening experience and things like that. I'm just curious if you all are seeing that as you talk to your sales force across the different channels, those types of opportunities or if you've seen any change in behavior or if there is anything that you're seeing when you're going out for RFPs, things like that?
Thomas Hassfurther : Well, Gabe, I think that some of that's a little bit of gee whiz, if you ask me. But what we see -- we lead in this area, in my opinion, to offer our customers the very best value and the very best options that they may use the box for. And that's what makes the box very unique is that we can -- it can advertise, it can protect, it can do all these other sorts of things, and it's the greatest -- probably the greatest product in the history of mankind from a sustainability and recyclability standpoint, too. But -- so our customers are very sensitive to those sorts of things. They want us to bring the innovation and the ideas to them, which is what we do always. So I'm not -- I don't want you to misinterpret what I'm saying that PCA is headed towards nothing but brown because that couldn't be further from the truth. But at the same time, we accept the realities of what's happening in the marketplace.
Gabe Hajde : Okay. In the press release, you mentioned some rail increases. I know those are typically timed around April 1, the day before Liberation Day. I'm just curious, it sounds like there were some increases that from a contractual standpoint that were put through if you are willing to comment that they're more or less than what you were anticipating. And then if I could slip one other one in. I think you talked about CapEx at $148 million. The guide, I want to say from memory, was $840 million to $870 million, tracking a little bit below if we were to annualize it. I know things are lumpy. Just curious if that $840 million to $870 million number is still what you're tracking towards. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan : Yes. On the CapEx, we're still tracking on that $800 million level of spending. We've got -- we broke ground on the new plant in Ohio back in February. So that's well underway, and we've got some other big projects going on, one big project at one of our mills and then just the numerous projects reconfiguring a couple of the other box plants on the East Coast. So there is a lot of good activity happening there on the capital side.
Robert Mundy : Yes. And on the rail increases Gabe, we had, I think, three in the first quarter. So you'll get a full quarter's worth of those in the second quarter. They happened around midway or a couple in March. And then we have three additional that will take place in the second quarter. So that was what drove our comment around freight.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you, good luck.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub : Thank you. Good morning. A few follow-ups. First off, on the sequential pricing, which, as you know, was very strong. Can you share kind of roughly speaking, how much of your box business is non-contract and/or has that share increased meaningfully over time?
Thomas Hassfurther : Our non-contract is about 30% and 70% on contract, and that's been pretty consistent for years.
Mark Weintraub : Okay. And so I guess just -- can you help us a little bit more in -- explaining kind of how you are able to get as much as you got in the first quarter. And I think you noted it was better than you had expected to. And so I'm just sort of trying to understand what you'd be able to do. Was that because you were also recouping kind of inflation outside of just the price increases in some of your negotiations? Or any more color you could help provide?
Thomas Hassfurther : Let's just put it this way. We announced whether the publications picked it up or not, we made an announcement on linerboard and medium as to what we were going to do in terms of raising price, which we did. That's one. Another factor is what we've done in the noncontractual area, and we got that through in very quick fashion. So that part from a timing standpoint, that was better. And although we've expressed some disappointment in terms of the amount of the contractual side that's tied to the publications, that's rolling through in its normal cycle over a 90-day period, like I said. So the majority of that will be recouped in the second quarter and then some into even the month of July.
Mark Weintraub : Okay. Thank you. And then second, you mentioned you expected volumes to be significantly higher in the second half than the first half. Maybe a bit more color there. Are there customer wins that are part of that equation? Or is that largely a macro view? What was sort of behind that comment?
Thomas Hassfurther : That's more of a macro view. But furthermore, in addition, I mean, we know what's coming on. As I mentioned we don't build these facilities like the Glendale, Arizona facility. We don't build these things and then hope the customers will come. I mean we've got them lined up, and we built it because they have the demand for it. And of course, that plant will be ramping up and will be – it is doing incredibly well starting out. And I got to call out all of our engineering and technical staff as well as our plant staff and leadership teams. They've just done an unbelievable job. And I'm very proud of the fact that we can start up a plant literally with no hiccups and just ahead of schedule, below cost and be fully operational like that. But we'll build into that plant as an example. And furthermore, just on a macro basis, the mix continues to be a little more second half loaded than steady year-round, which is not unusual for our mix, by the way. But it's just as we've gotten bigger, I mean, it becomes a little more impactful.
Mark Weintraub : Got you. And then just the last quarter's call, you talked about big cost increases, 1Q, 4Q. You'd indicated that you probably -- Bob, I think you'd indicated you'd probably get close to half of that back in the second quarter. I recognize you've layered in a whole bunch of other factors, too. But is that still conceptually true that about half of the types of costs that you were seeing in 1Q, 4Q would be recouped in 2Q?
Robert Mundy : Yes, Mark, I'd say that is correct. But as you also mentioned, the other things that we talked about relative to running our mills according to demand and pulling the outage, an outage into the second quarter and those types of things, obviously overshadowed that improvement you would have seen otherwise.
Mark Weintraub : Understood. And then lastly, just -- so you mentioned changes in the marketplace, e-commerce being a bigger part of the market. What implications does that have on your kind of views about lightweighting? And how important it is to increase that capability as that part of the market grows faster?
Thomas Hassfurther : Well, Mark, I think as we've -- as I've mentioned in the past, and I think it's a competitive advantage we have, and that is that the investments that we have made in the mills, the investments we made in the box plants, what we've done in the marketplace, I mean we are literally tailoring everything to what meets the needs and the demands of our customers. So the answer -- the short answer is yes. I mean a lot of lightweighting has taken place, not only with PCA, but in the entire industry. And that's why I think that, as I've said before, when you use tons now as a measuring stick and if you don't make the adjustments for lightweighting, I think you can begin to fool yourself as to what to expect because this -- you just can't lightweight for the sake of lightweighting and you can't just continue to run heavyweight board if that's not going to fit the demands of the customer. So this is all very, very customer-driven, and we've been on the cutting edge of this for quite some time and are very, very happy with the position we're in. And we measure what we sell, which is MSF, and that's really important to really understanding what's changing in the marketplace and what your margins really look like.
Mark Kowlzan : One thing I was thinking about with the new Jackson # 3 machine running, that one machine, and we'll have to calculate, but probably that one machine now is making more square feet of board than if you went back 15 years ago, then Counce and Valdosta used to run combined with the machines that they had. And so it's just a testament that, again, we've gone significantly into taking advantage of the marketplace and the lightweights have been very beneficial for us. But machines also like Jackson have enabled us to do that.
Thomas Hassfurther : Well, I think one other thing I'll add to that, Mark, is that we have to be -- we have to have performance. And that's the technology that is, I think unique to PCA that we've been able to really lightweight and get tremendous performance out of our board. And we spent a lot of capital to be able to do that.
Mark Weintraub : I appreciate all the color. And Bob, I'm not sure if you're planning to be on next quarter's call. If not, thank you for all your help. If you are, chat next time around.
Mark Kowlzan : Thanks Mark, appreciate it. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari : Hi, good morning. Mark, you talked about cost inflation. And I'm just wondering, is there any tariff impact on any cost categories, whether it's steel or equipment from Europe or China? And then maybe following up on Gabe's question on just these box plant projects. I guess you kind of reiterated the full year CapEx guide. But is the sort of time line for these projects maybe at all impacted by some of the cost inflation that you're seeing?
Mark Kowlzan : Nothing in particular right now. We've had some small items, anecdotal results of steel in particular, with a few of the equipment purchases that we've been involved in. And so we've got our eyes wide open and our purchasing team is really working with the supplier base and understanding what the implications are in a real-time fashion. And that's something that, again, it's been all hands on deck trying to understand. If you're ordering a piece of equipment that's coming from Germany or coming from Finland or France or Japan, they're probably sourcing the steel and it's various types of steel, the different alloys, where is that coming from. And so there's a lot of moving parts here on the complexity of what's been happening with the tariff discussions out of the marketplace. But we've been watching that. We haven't had anything substantially that we've had to change. We are making sure that we understand what the implications are. Bob, you got anything?
Robert Mundy : No, that pretty much sums it up.
Anthony Pettinari : Okay. That's very helpful. And then I'm wondering, you gave that a very helpful example on Jackson and just kind of the productivity that you've been able to drive maybe at the mill level. I'm curious with Glendale, how you'd compare it versus maybe sort of average box plant in your system with whatever metric you'd think about, whether it's throughput or cost or just if you could help us kind of understand sort of the capabilities and how it compares versus sort of a "average box plant".
Thomas Hassfurther : Probably the simple answer, Anthony, is that Glendale is going to give you 2 times the output at less labor cost. So that's -- than your average box plant. Now huge investment to do so. Don't forget that. And we have to recoup those -- that capital investment and those sorts of things. But that's -- in order to get that, you are going to have to pay for that. But that, in a nutshell, is probably the easy answer.
Mark Kowlzan : And don't forget, if you go back over the last eight years, we have significantly recapitalized the majority of our converting operations. I don't throw a number, probably 80% of our converting operations have been modernized and recapitalized to provide the type of efficiencies that a Glendale provides only in a smaller footprint. And so we've taken advantage of our technical capability to put the needs of what these plants are required to service the customers. So we're in a very strong position nationwide. Even though you might look at our operations and go, well, those plants are 50 years old. If you walked in the door, you'd realize that they're 50-year-old plants, but they've been capitalized. So they are modern infrastructure and they perform in that manner.
Thomas Hassfurther : Right. And we've consolidated a lot of facilities over the years, too, as a result of this. So that we're not operating -- we're virtually not operating any really what I'd call inefficient small footprint, inefficient operations that we used to have a lot of. Those have all been consolidated over the years.
Mark Kowlzan : I think if you went back over the last 15 years, we made 24 acquisitions, and we've built a number of new plants, but we probably closed what, 20 plants or so, Tom?
Thomas Hassfurther : A little more than 20, yes.
Mark Kowlzan : Yes. So people tend to forget that, that we've closed and shut down a number of plants and really rationalized the business. So the PCA footprint today is unrecognizable to anybody that was looking at it 20 years ago.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s super helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Philip Ng : Bob, congrats, and thanks for all the help over the years. I guess first question, Tom, it sounded like you are pretty confident in back half demand is going to be better than the first half with perhaps some of the wins from the investments you made. So let's say that demand outlook does play out as you anticipate. Will you need to be drawing down production in the back half? Part of the reason the 2Q outlook is a little more muted, pull forward of maintenance and then running containerboard production with demand. So if demand is better like you expect, will you need to kind of draw down production in the back half?
Thomas Hassfurther : Well, I think in the back half, we are trying to match our mill production with what we expect the demand to be, and that's why we're pulling forward an outage in the second quarter that we would have had in the second half of the year. And that's -- we -- I think the thing to keep in mind is we're always going to run the demand. And we are going to do it in the most efficient manner we possibly can. And we don't -- we're not trying to manage quarterly results. We are trying to manage the business based on doing the right things for our customers and doing the most efficient thing we can for our facilities.
Philip Ng : Well, Tom, I guess, asked differently. So the back half, you would expect your containerboard production to match pretty closely to box shipments, right, just because 2Q, there's a mismatch weighing on your profitability. So the back half should line up --.
Thomas Hassfurther : Yes. And if an example export picks up in the second half, obviously that we'll be exporting more in the second half than we will in the first half. We'll just have to see how all these things settle out. We're in a kind of a questionable mode right now, and I think that will clear up here in the next 90 days pretty significantly.
Philip Ng : Okay. And then from a commentary, I mean, April sounds like booking billing is still reasonably strong. I think if I heard you correctly, up 4%. Maybe your -- the order patterns from your customers are a little more mix. Is that largely destock on the end? Just so my question is really, do you have a view how much inventory is in the channel, whether it's the actual end customer or maybe customers in general, how long would it take to kind of flesh out that destock and how much inventory perhaps is in the channel?
Thomas Hassfurther : I think our customers have been operating pretty lean with their inventories. This is what they are telling us because they're also concerned about what's happening globally and what's happening with tariffs and those sorts of things. So they're buying materials. They're doing all sorts of other things. And I think they are operating cautiously. So we have to be able to react quickly to changes in demand, which I think will occur once this thing really clears up. I expect that our customers will operate with pretty lean inventories over the next 60 or 90 days. And again, I think that will play a role in the second half of the year when they restock a lot of those inventories.
Philip Ng : Okay. Super. And then a question for you, Mark. You guys are, as you kind of pointed out in your press release, well capitalized, strong balance sheet, you are going to be generating a decent amount of cash flow. The stock is down quite a bit. Is there an appetite to kind of step up your buybacks with your share price here?
Mark Kowlzan : Yes. I think you just termed it well as an opportunity. We'll let you know what we do.
Philip Ng: Okay, guys. Thank you guys. Good luck.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you Phil, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead with your question.
Charlie Sands : Yeah. Thanks very much. Apologies acknowledging your comment about not running the business for quarterly reports. I just wanted to understand though the pattern of what you're seeing at the moment. I think you previously called out bookings up about 8% in the first month of Q1. You were then up 2.5% for the quarter overall. You're now saying that what you're seeing is up 4% in the first few weeks of Q2. I just wondered how much of that slowdown do you think that sort of implied there was temporary or were there calendar effects in that? And were there any particular customer segments that you'd call out that took more significant action? And secondly, you've obviously said directionally that you expect volumes to be up year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter in the second quarter. But just to sort of triangulate a bit, can you clarify whether your second quarter guidance is predicated on the 4% growth that you are seeing in the current run rate or you're aiming off a little bit on that? Thank you.
Thomas Hassfurther : Charlie, let me see if I can make a stab at a couple of these things. Yes, we did start out the first quarter with very strong bookings. It's -- first quarter is always probably the emptiest quarter there is in terms of how -- what's really going to happen in the quarter. The major impacts in our volume in that first quarter in my opinion, were, number one, weather, which we know took place in a number, as I mentioned. But in addition, I think when these tariffs started to roll out, and our customers became much more cautious about what they were going to do going forward. I think what you saw is they were drawing their inventories down and that changed the demand curve quite a bit. Second quarter of course, and again, I'm going to say, keep in mind that you are talking about a first quarter increase in volume over double digits that we had the previous quarter in 2024. And again, in the second quarter, we're going to be up. We are starting out a little ahead of maybe even a forecast. But again, it's -- I think we were up 9.2%, I think, if I recall, second quarter of 2024. So we're -- we've got some really, really big comps that we are beating. And given the environment we're in and everything else, we feel very good about that. So I think -- and then of course, then I made comments about the second half of the year, and we'll see how those play out.
Charlie Sands : Great. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan : Thank you. Any other questions, Jamie? Anybody trying to get back into the queue?
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your follow-up.
George Staphos : I'll keep it quick. I appreciate the follow-up. So Mark, you talked to this periodically on these calls. How do you view your paper supply situation in containerboard as you look out the next couple of quarters? Because even with the volume risks that are in the market, you're doing well relative to the industry trends. And your -- if we take your production and look at it relative to your capacity, there's not a ton of headroom. So how do you view your ability to keep up with demand? Are there any risks as you see it in terms of being able to supply?
Mark Kowlzan : George, if you went back over the last 15 years, we've always looked out at the future needs. And also, there's a number of levers that we can move to satisfy what Tom needs in the box plant side. Don't forget, we are moving export around the world, a very small amount, but that's a portion of containerboard tons if we needed to, that could be pulled back into the domestic market. But also, we've continued to improve the productivity out of the mills year after year. And we're always looking at opportunities out in the marketplace for what could we do in terms of a mill acquisition, a paper machine reconfiguration. So there is a number of things we're looking at. There's a number of things we're doing, and there's a number of things we always do to take care of what the box plants need. Short term, over the next few years, I'm not worried. If you ask me about where are we going to be 10 years from now, yes, if we keep growing at the rate we are growing, we're going to -- high-class problem is we're going to need a significant amount of containerboard to satisfy the kind of growth trend if that were to continue at the pace we would expect. So those are high-class opportunities.
George Staphos : No, clearly. Now if I look at -- and last one for me. If I look at basis weights, it looked like second half this past year trends were, as you pointed out, there was a lighter basis weight versus first half of '24. I didn't sound like there was that much of a change '24 versus '23 when I look at the data. So are there mix factors occurring such that, yes, in reality, the basis weight of your boxes is actually declining, but we're not seeing it in the aggregate data. And how would you say basis weights shifted year-on-year or sequentially in '25 so far? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Thomas Hassfurther : George, I think basis weights are continuing to come down. They'll come down again in '25 versus '24. I think it just depends on -- it depends on the mix at any given point in time or whatever the case might be, but the general trend is down. And that's, again, as I mentioned, we have our proprietary boards that are tailor-made really for our customer mix and they're predicated on making sure they perform. You can't just lightweight for the sake of lightweighting. I mean this is really true, true paper technology here. And so it's -- we'll continue to see that because I think there are opportunities for us going forward to continue to do that, and we plan to take advantage of that.
Mark Kowlzan : A good way to look at that is if you think about the last half dozen years, what we've done at the Jackson mill, when we first converted the Jackson #3 machine to make linerboard, we were doing it without the reconfiguration. So we were not able to make the high-performance grades. And then as we finished the Phase 2 last year of the reconfiguration, that's what's really given us the big uplift. So Jackson has been a game changer in terms of the majority of the calling it the volume of square feet produced of these high-performance grades that we have the capability. I mean the Jackson machine, it's -- there's only one other machine in North America that can even compare to what the Jackson machine does. And so it's been a game changer for PCA. But at the same time, we've modified and brought on all our other linerboard machines to produce these high-performance grades. That's a big beast of a machine.
Thomas Hassfurther : Yes. The beauty of Jackson is we're able to replicate a lot of what we're doing in Jackson and the other mills. And that's a great opportunity we have going forward.
Mark Kowlzan : Thanks George. Jamie, any other questions?
Operator: Sir at this time, I'm not showing any additional questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan : Yes. Thank you, everybody, for joining us, and I appreciate your time today, and I look forward to talking with you in late July. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note today's event is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Colson. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks for the introduction, Jamie, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and full year 2024 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, I'll begin the call with an overview of the fourth quarter and the full year results, and then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up, and we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2024 net income of $221 million or $2.45 per share. Excluding special items, fourth quarter 2024 net income was $222 million or $2.47 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 net income of $192 million or $2.13 per share. Net sales were a fourth quarter record $1 billion in 2024 and $1.9 billion in 2023. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items, was $439 million in 2024 and $394 million in 2023. Excluding special items, we also reported full year 2024 earnings of $814 million or $9.04 per share compared to 2023's earnings of $784 million or $8.70 per share. Net sales were $8.4 billion in 2024 and $7.8 billion in 2023. Excluding special items, total company EBITDA in 2024 were $1.6 billion in both 2024 and 2023. Details of all special items for the year 2024 and 2023 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding special items, the $0.34 per share increase in fourth quarter earnings for 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 driven by higher prices and mix $0.52 and volume $0.40 in the Packaging segment, higher prices and mix, $0.02 and volumes, $0.02 in the paper segment. Lower freight and logistics expenses benefited us $0.06. These items were partially offset by higher operating costs of $0.48 as inflation remains a significant issue across most of our cost structure. In addition, scheduled maintenance outage expenses were higher by $0.08, depreciation expense was also up $0.06 and other expenses were higher by $0.06. Results for the quarter were equal to our fourth quarter guidance. Looking at our Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the fourth quarter of 2024 of $426 million, with fourth quarter record sales of almost $2 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $385 million and sales of $1.8 billion and also a 22% margin. For the full year 2024 Packaging segment EBITDA, excluding special items was $6 billion with sales of $7.7 billion or a 21% margin compared to the full year 2023 EBITDA of $1.2 billion with sales of $7.1 billion or a 22% margin. The operational benefits of our capital spending program and the continued great focus and execution by our sales, customer service, mill and corrugated products plant employees continues to deliver impressive results while helping to minimize the inflationary impact across most of our cost structure. As we've seen throughout the year, demand in our Packaging segment remained very strong during the quarter. Our corrugated products plants delivered record fourth quarter total shipments and an all-time record shipments per day. The plants also set new annual records for total shipments and shipments per day. Excellent operations throughout our mill containerboard systems set new quarterly and annual production records as well. This allowed us to meet our customer service and quality demand needs in a timely manner as well as build some very much needed inventory ahead of this year's annual mill outage schedule that will take place in the first half of 2025. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on the containerboard sales and corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, continuing strong demand during the fourth quarter resulted in record-breaking performance for our plants and mills. Total shipments and shipments per day were up 9.1% over last year's fourth quarter. versus the previous record-breaking third quarter of 2024, shipments per day were up 3.2%. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 9,000 tons above last year's fourth quarter and down 18,000 tons versus the third quarter of 2024 as we emphasized hitting our year-end inventory targets. For the full year, annual corrugated shipment records were set as well, both in total and per day, up 10.5% and 10.1%, respectively, with one more shipping day compared to 2023. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were up $0.46 per share versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Fourth quarter prices and mix, which were impacted by a less rich customer and product mix compared to the third quarter were up $0.05 per share versus the previous quarter. Export containerboard prices were up $0.06 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 and flat versus the third quarter of 2024. As we've indicated, we have continued to see very strong demand and are continuing to experience inflation across most of our cost base. Beginning January 1, 2025, we began invoicing a $70 per ton increase for linerboard and a $90 per ton increase for medium according to our recent price announcement. These prices have been accepted by our customers and for our market containerboard purchases, we are paying higher prices to containerboard suppliers that began invoicing us according to their recent announcement. We were very surprised when, as you are probably aware, a couple of weeks ago, the RISI Pulp and Paper Week publication did not recognize any increase in the industry's benchmark prices for either linerboard or medium. Industry sources and the Pulp and Paper Week publication itself have previously reported that at least 12 or around 90% of the top containerboard producers have issued January price increase announcements. The publication even noted that certain box makers have postponed purchases of linerboard this month to avoid the price increase. Yet the publication left the reported prices unchanged. As the industry's open market has shrunk over the years, we believe that the risky publication is gathering information from a very small sample of the containerboard market and using that to opine on market conditions for the entire industry. Additionally, the publication often references comments regarding box prices when the relevant product is containerboard. As you know, boxes are highly customized to customer needs and have different pricing attributes. This continues to be a source of frustration, not only for us but for our customers who want predictability in their prices. As mentioned previously, we have been moving off of indexing our prices to the RISI publication as quickly as contracts allow. However, this will take some time to complete. I'm sure you will have some questions for us on this topic, and we'll be happy to discuss them with you shortly. I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $39 million with sales of $152 million or a 26% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2023's EBITDA of $35 million and sales of $144 million or a 24% margin. For the full year 2024, paper segment EBITDA, excluding special items, was $154 million with sales of $625 million or a 25% margin compared to the full year 2023 EBITDA of $151 million with sales of $595 million or a 25% margin. Prices and mix were up 2% from last year's fourth quarter and up 1% from the third quarter of 2024, while volume was 5% above last year and down 5% versus the seasonally stronger third quarter of 2024. Additionally, during the quarter, we notified customers of a $60 per ton price increase effective with shipments beginning January 13 for all office papers, printing papers and converting papers. The management team and all employees of the paper business have done tremendous job optimizing our inventory and product mix and remain highly focused on efficient and cost-effective operations in order to deliver outstanding results throughout the year last year. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $325 million and free cash flow was $124 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $201 million, dividend payments of $112 million, cash tax payment $50 million and net interest payments of $37 million. For the full year 2024, cash from operations was $1.2 billion with capital spending of $670 million and free cash flow of $521 million. Our year-end cash balance, including marketable securities, was $852 million with liquidity of $1.2 billion. Our final recurring effective tax rate for 2024 was 24.4%. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we estimate dividend payments of $450 million, total capital expenditures to be in the range of $840 million to $870 million and DD&A is expected to be approximately $565 million. Our full year interest expense in 2025 is expected to be around $56 million and net cash interest payments should be around $65 million. The estimate for our 2025 book effective tax rate is 25%. Compared to 2024, the planned annual outages in 2025 include all of our larger mills with a higher number of outage days, including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs, we currently expect the outages to total $1.18. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2025 is $0.23 per share in the first quarter, $0.32 in the second, $0.18 in the third quarter and $0.45 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. The hard work of our employees, along with strong relationships between us and our customers and suppliers delivered outstanding results for PCA for 2024. In our Packaging segment, new annual company records for shipment and production were achieved in our corrugated products plants and mills. We successfully completed the number three machine conversion to containerboard at the Jackson mill and many other key initiatives throughout the system. We also completed numerous high return and deficiency improvement projects in our corrugated products plants that will allow us to better optimize our entire packaging business for the future and deliver profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities for our customers and shareholders. And we still have many key strategic capital spending opportunities in progress or ahead of us in 2025. 2024 also saw our paper business matched the record margins from 2023, reflecting the capabilities of our employees to optimize our product mix, inventory, distribution channels and overhead structure, along with running very cost-effective and very efficient manufacturing operations. We ended the year with $1.2 billion of liquidity and a strong balance sheet, which maintains the financial flexibility to react quickly to most situations or opportunities in the future. We remain committed to a balanced approach towards capital allocation in order to profitably grow our company and maximize returns to our shareholders while still adhering to our conservative balance sheet views as we've done in the past. I'm very proud of our employees, these accomplishments and the very strong partnerships we've built with our customers and suppliers over many years. Looking ahead, as we move from the fourth and into the first quarter in our Packaging segment, although seasonally slower, we expect volume in our corrugated products plants to set new first quarter records for total shipments and shipments per day. containerboard volume will be lower with two operating days and scheduled maintenance outages at the counts Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia Mills. Domestic prices will be higher with an improved product mix together with our previously announced price increases. Export prices export prices are assumed to be stable. In our Paper segment, we forecast slightly lower volume with two less mill operating days and prices and mix to be fairly flat. With the exception of recycled fiber prices, we expect price inflation across most of the direct, indirect and fixed operating and converting costs along with a higher cost mix of mill operations. In addition, wood, energy and chemical costs will also increase due to the unusually cold seasonal weather negatively impacting usages and yields for these items. Labor and benefits costs will be higher due to the timing-related items that occur at the beginning of a new year for annual increases, the result of payroll taxes and share-based compensation expenses. First quarter rail rate increases at three of our mills will impact freight and logistics expenses, and we expect higher depreciation expense. Lastly, scheduled outage expenses should be slightly lower and we assume a low corporate tax rate. Considering these items, we expect the first quarter earnings for $2.21. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that statement not constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties and direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to go ahead and open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos: Hi. Thanks very much. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the details. Mark, I guess the first thing I wanted to ask of you, Tom and Bob, can you talk a little bit about bookings and billings to start the quarter what you're seeing? And given how busy PCA has been over the last couple of quarters, is that influx of volume creating any sort of inefficiencies beyond normal that you would call out and that we should be at least considering in terms of our modeling for you on a going-forward basis? And I had a couple of follow-ons.
Thomas Hassfurther: Hey, George, this is Tom. Bookings and billings are up 8% so far in January. So we're off to a very good start, and we indicated that in our opening statements as well. So that's very good. The volume increase, I think if you take it, coupled with the capital initiatives that we have, yes, that has caused some cost inefficiencies quite frankly, because we've got a lot of those projects going on a lot of plants and you're shifting a lot of business around. But again, our people have done a tremendous job handling that and taking care of our customers.
Mark Kowlzan: George, interesting -- George, for last year for 2024, we on the converting side, we accomplished 12 major new equipment installations on the converting side. These are major reconfigurations of converting lines. And then within corrugators, we either had major rebuilds or new corrugator installations at 12 locations. And we finished building up the new Salt Lake City plant and then got ready to build up the new Glendale operation. But we continue at this pace. I mean, prior year. And then last year, we're on that pace of around 60 major projects within the corrugated business, and we'll continue that this year. So along with all the benefit, there is some short-term disruption that occurs, but the capability that it gives us is just incredible. We would not be doing what we're doing today if we hadn't been keeping up this pace of spending over the last half dozen years. So it's the gift that keeps on giving.
George Staphos: So we shouldn't call it out because it's what enabling the growth is what you -- is kind of your answer there, right?
Mark Kowlzan: Exactly, yes. It's truly the growth engine, yes.
George Staphos: Now can you help us a little bit in terms of the sequential move from 4Q to 1Q in terms of some of the cost factors. And in particular, I'm thinking about whether usage input costs, what that might be causing you and for that matter, on the incentive comp. And then since you had teed it up on pricing, you're out with your price increases effective in January, others are as well. I know it gets a little bit sensitive because you can't talk about what others may or may not be doing or forward-looking, but how do you square the circle then if you're raising an effective in January? And the arbiters are saying it hasn't happened yet. Are you giving your customers at all any price protection or time delay between when it's effective when you announce and when you make it effective? So two questions there.
Mark Kowlzan: Let's start with Bob.
Robert Mundy: George, yes, just on some of the cost movements from 4Q to 1Q, if you look at the buckets of what's higher, there's a higher mill -- higher cost of -- relative to the mill mix. There's just -- that's a component. Then there's the weather seasonal items that we typically have, but this is sort of exacerbated by the severe cold that the country went through during the month of January. And then there are those timing items that we typically talk about relative to wage increases and tax fringe benefits so forth. So if you say that our cost, round numbers, somewhere between $0.50 and $0.60 higher on all operating and converting costs, 65% of those are the items that typically will flip back the other way, not totally, but I would say 70% of that amount is -- will flip back in the second and third quarters. So that's sort of how we bridge the fourth to the first and then what we expect -- how much of that we expect to turn around in subsequent quarters.
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. George, this is Tom. Let me see if I can fill you in a little bit on the pricing side. So for starters, let's make the distinction here. we're talking about linerboard and medium. So we're talking about containerboard, all right? And in the Containerboard segment, we raised the prices we're billing at those prices. Our customers are paying -- they will be paying those invoices at those higher prices, and we will be doing likewise on the outside purchases that we have as well. So some of that is -- comes from overseas because it's a specialty grade that may or may not be made here in the United States or certainly the products that are made here in the United States that we are a net buyer of and we're paying those invoices as we go. So that is in place, and that is set, all right? The frustration, as I mentioned, in the verbiage that I gave you in the opening statements, is related to discussions around boxes and things like that. Now we've always said our box price increases are between us and our customers. Those aren't publicly announced but we do have some, and it's a relatively sizable amount that are still tied to what happens in RISI and what's reported in RISI. And as I said, we're moving away from that as fast as we possibly can because I think in a lot of ways, and I've been at this a long time. And if you go back in time, there was a pretty large open market and today, it's a very, very small open market. So I think there's become some confusion in terms of how the reporting goes and what the interpretations are. And so we're finding this -- in this vehicle a little less useful going forward. And therefore, we're moving away from it as fast as we can. Hopefully, that kind of wraps up your question a little bit.
George Staphos: It’s helpful. I’ll turn it over. Thank you guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, George. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Roxland: Yes. Thanks you, Mark, Tom and Bob for taking my questions and congrats on a strong year.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Mike.
Mike Roxland: I just wanted to follow up. Can you give us a sense of the operating rate you're currently at? Would it be fair to say you're running full out given the strong demand you have. And if that's the case, can you help us understand the time frame over which you expect to add capacity at Counce and Valdosta. You mentioned that, I think you teased that in the last earnings call. What do you think those projects will be operational? What incremental capacity do they add?
Mark Kowlzan: We've got the opportunity to add capacity as time goes on. As we've always said, we have tremendous flexibility on how we provide containerboard tons into the system. Obviously, we completed the big Jackson reconfiguration. But nevertheless, we also have a lot of opportunity on how we optimize the seven mill system right now. Regarding what you mentioned between Counce and Valdosta, those projects, if we go forward with those would be the next couple of years timing. And so again, that's something that we haven't decided to execute. We're studying all opportunities as we always do, and we have tremendous flexibility on how we bring new tons into the system when they're needed. And so that's the beauty of where we are. The high integration and the continuation of our demand growth presents the high opportunity, high return for these projects in our mills as we go forward. So we'll let you know when the decisions get made.
Mike Roxland: Got it. I appreciate that, Mark. So how much -- can you just comment about where the system is right now in terms of operating rate? How much ability or how much flex you have in the system right now to meet what seems to be really growing demand?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We are running -- I'm not going to say we're running full out, we're just -- we're running hard, which is a good place to be. We run best when the pressure is on. But again, we've got room to optimize the system and the grade mix, and also, as we've always done, we did this back over the years, the ability to buy some open markets within a region where it's -- it makes sense. So we have those opportunities. So again, the ability to really utilize our capacity right now and whether you call it running full out, we always find ways to squeeze more tons out of the system, and we'll continue doing these projects. These are the high-class opportunities we engage with.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And one last question just before turning it over. Can you give us a sense of the volume cadence you're expecting through 2025? Should we expect some more pronounced volume growth in the first half and then maybe lessening as you get towards midyear and the back half, probably due to tougher comps?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I'll tell you, Mike, the comps are going to get much tougher as the year goes on, if you look at last year's. So -- but we see continued volume growth throughout the year, steady growth, but it will be -- but obviously, the numbers come down a little bit on percentages compared when you do a year-over-year comparison as we move throughout the year. But we have plenty of growth opportunities and lots of things that we're already putting in place and will continue to put in place as some of our capital projects come on board, and we're able to produce more.
Mike Roxland: Thanks very much, Tom. Good luck in 2025.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Mike. Next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tom, Bob, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: Let me start with the sequential numbers that you kind of give us on a quarterly basis in terms of the split corrugated price realization and export. And if I'm doing my math right, I'm seeing about $50 a ton of price realization in the fourth quarter -- excuse me, in 2024, which would imply sort of $30 million of unfavorable mix. And that, in my mind, seems a bit punitive and probably uncharacteristic of how PCA would operate. So I'm just curious if you guys have thought about it that way. And if you're still realizing any price in Q1 2025 from movements that transpired in 2024 on a sequential basis from Q4 to Q1?
Robert Mundy: Gabe, it's Bob. There is some of that, that does -- some things that just move on an annual basis. So there is some movement relative to that as you said regarding these price increases of 2024. But the other thing you have to look at is, if you sort of do the math and make sure you account for the inventory change and what's export volume and what's domestic volume, I think it's somewhere around the mid $50-something a ton change. And then you have to compare rather than comparing to $80, which were the two increases at the beginning of 2024, you have to remember, there was a $20 per ton drop late in the year in 2023. So you sort of look at it that way, and I say that's a net $60 a ton. And like I said, I think we're in the mid-50s, something like that, and similar to your math. And then you do have mix changes. You have customer mix, product mix and seasonal mix, things like that, that weigh into it. So we feel good about capturing the price based on those index changes that you referenced.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you. And I guess for the avoidance of doubt in the first quarter, are you telling us that included in the guidance that you gave us $221 million include price increases on open market tons and not on the converted box side? Or are you embedding in the -- what has been announced on both the corrugated and...
Robert Mundy: No, there's definitely some open market. As we've always said, those things happens immediately when there's price change, up or down. But there are some things relative on the box side that regarding those price increases from last year that now will take effect in the first quarter. So that's embedded in there too, along with what we feel like we'll realize from this year's January price increases. Considering the impact of RISI, as Tom was talking earlier, RISI not picking it up in January. So you have to adjust for that a little bit, but there is some of that in our numbers as well.
Gabe Hajde: Understood. Okay. And last one on CapEx. You did signal on the Q3 call that it would be up into 2025, it's probably up a little bit more than what we were modeling. I don't know how others are thinking about it, but the Glendale, I think box facility, should we sort of pencil in numbers that we see are $240 million to $260 million for a new box plant depending if it's out with a corrugator. But even if I adjust for that, when I look at maintenance I think that was also supposed to be down in 2025 and it's actually up. So Mark, are you telling us there is no incremental capacity on the containerboard side in 2025, no debottlenecking or anything like that in that CapEx number?
Mark Kowlzan: No, there certainly is. There's work going on in the mills. Again, there's no one big project. There's just a whole host of small projects that we always do every year to enhance what we have. One of the challenges that we've laid out to the team over the last year that over the last six or seven years of all these conversions that we've done at a very blistering pace. Now is the time to step back in and really optimize what we have. And so we were doing these conversions and moving on to the next mill at such a pace we've never really taken the time to really drill down and make sure we're getting all the benefits from all the spending that was taking place. So now we've got the technology organization stepping back in and engaging with the mills and making sure that what we are doing is extracting all the value we can. So that gives us good return. But as far as the capital spending, this year, if you think about the Glendale project down in Arizona. We're finishing out that box plant. And there is some number, the -- 10 years ago, you could build a box plant for $50 million. And now a big full-line box plant, if you're talking $200-plus million. We've also -- just this week, we broke ground in Newark, Ohio for another big new box plant. That's been in the works for the last few years. We actually bought the land three years ago and so that box plant will be under construction and hopefully have everything ready to run by the end of next year. We also -- with this 800 -- high $800 million capital call out that we're talking about right now. There's a major rebuild taking place at another plant in the Northeast. It's not a new box plant, but essentially it will be like new and we're done with it inside. And then there's another reconfiguration on the East Coast, that's a major enhancement, major rebuild of that plant. So there's four big activities going on within the corrugated products side of the business, along with I'll call out right now, and I'm probably right. There's probably another 50 projects going on for the year that will be the smaller projects, the EVOL, the single converting line replacements that will just continue forever. And so that's all baked into that capital call out. But there's a good portion of new business growth in that capital along with optimization and just enhancing the business, not just maintenance. Maintenance is a small portion of that capital.
Robert Mundy: And Gabe, relative to your question on the maintenance expense, thinking it was down. If you're recalling something from the last quarter's call, there was a question about what's normal relative to what we had as outages in 2024. But it was not an indication of what our plan was for 2025 regarding outages. And the reality is there's a couple of things. One is we have more larger mills with more days down in this year's plan versus last year, larger mills are more expensive, more days down so on and so forth. The other thing is in the second half of 2022, all of 2023 and then for the first part of 2024, certainly in the first quarter of 2024, we were still taking -- running to demand. So we had market downtime and the way we sort of bucket our variances if you're in market downtime and you have a maintenance outage you would not include the profit per ton of those in your -- you wouldn't penalize your outage for that because you're in market downtime, you couldn't sell the ton anyway. So those -- the negative impact of that shows up in your volume variances that we talk about whereas this year, we have none of that. So that profit per ton is in our outage calculations for every ton that's down. That's another reason it's going to be higher relative to 2024, if that -- if you follow me.
Gabe Hajde: I do. Thank you guys for all the detail, and I appreciate the investment in Ohio.
Mark Kowlzan: [indiscernible] Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub: Good morning. So to the extent you can help us -- just trying to understand how much of the higher box prices that would come as a part of the containerboard price increase initiative that's been announced for January, would -- is incorporated in your 1Q guidance? Just really trying to understand how much additional upside there could be through the balance of the year if the price increase gets fully implemented.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, this is Tom. What happens is it's a timing issue, especially relative to the contracts that we have left that relate to RISI. So we got to take a relatively conservative approach in the first quarter to what -- to how those contracts would roll through. However, we are implementing right now the noncontractual business, we're going ahead and putting in place. But again, those amounts and those sorts of things is between us and our customers when it comes to boxes. So we take -- we don't publicly come out and announce some of those things that -- those agreements that we've got with our customers. But I think what you're really referring to is the index and what's left tied to the index. And like I said, that rolls through at a different rate. And until that index indicates the price is a liner medium going up, it won't trigger some of those contracts.
Mark Weintraub: So is it fair to say -- and again, I'm really trying to get the potential upside beyond the 1Q, but another way to maybe ask the same question is, so if for whatever reason, RISI didn't publish the containerboard price increase in February or March, how significant an impact would that have on what you provided in the guidance versus what you then would expect if that's a question you can ask.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, again, I mean, as I said, we're taking a pretty conservative approach here. So is there upside going forward? Yes. I mean, there's no question about it once this is indicated in RISI.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then can you give us any more color in terms of like the process of moving customers off the indexes and or what type of variables are being put in place? Or is it just like a negotiation each time? Or is it being tied to various costs or things like that? Just to help us begin to understand as we want to kind of be able to forecast in the future, what might happen to your pricing, et cetera?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, it's going to be -- it's probably going to be a little more of a mixed bag. The -- as I mentioned our customers have been very, very frustrated with this process, and so have we. So -- and I think at the end of the day, it's more of a discussion with our customers about what's going to happen going forward with pricing and an agreement that we come to. There's -- we've not found any other indicator out there that we feel comfortable with. So I think it's going to be -- it's going to take a little time to unwind, but we feel very comfortable in our discussions with our customers about where we're going to end up going forward. And it's going to be a little different per customer, but I think that the discussions have gone very well.
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, our customers, they are undergoing the same inflation that we undergo and the same cost pressures. They appreciate what we're talking about every day. They also appreciate and they understand the capital spending that we do, and we expect a return for our capital spending. The capital spending provides incredible benefits for the customers in terms of quality and on-time delivery. So there's -- that discussion is truly a customer-driven discussion one on one.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you for the color.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following up on Mark's question, is it possible to say just kind of order of magnitude, what percentage of customers you've moved off of RISI? Is it 5% or 25%? And then given the turnover of customer contracts, like how long it might take for you to get maybe a large majority of customers off the index?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, Anthony, this endeavor didn't start five years ago, it started about a year ago. So this is -- as I said, this is going to take some time to unwind those contracts, some of those are long-term contracts. And obviously, we've stated many, many times, I mean, we've dealt with these customers for decades, and we've got long, long-term relationships. So we're very sensitive to those relationships, and we're making sure that we're doing what is in the best interest of ourselves and our customers as we move forward. So this is going to take a little time to unwind. I'm not going to give you percentages of how this is going to sequentially fall into place here, but it's going to take some time, but we're moving in that direction.
Anthony Pettinari: And then just switching to the CapEx guide, I think you talked about four big box plant project, Ohio, Glendale and then two, maybe reconfigurations in the East Coast. Is it possible to say what -- of the $840 million to $870 million, how much of that is those four big box plant projects? And are there any that you would call out, whether it's Ohio or Glendale or others as being especially large component of the $840 million?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, hold on one second. Let me get some numbers here. Probably $250 million is going to that this year.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. Is the Ohio greenfield the largest roughly or...
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Great. That’s very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: I mean there's -- again, there's another -- one of the projects is -- it's about a $70 million project to reconfigure one of our plants and that's a discrete project that we'll see this year also that's in that number.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: And again, just to remind you, the $445 million that was allocated to the corrugated side for 2024, $370 million of the $445 million was for growth opportunities. So again, most of the capital spending that's going on is to enhance our capability to go to market and work with the customer.
Thomas Hassfurther: And let me remind you, Anthony, also that as we've said many, many times, these are already growth opportunities that are in place. These aren't -- we're not expanding or doing any of those sorts of things in hopes that we get more business. This is growing with the existing customer base we have.
Anthony Pettinari: Understood. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Philip Ng: Hi, guys. Exciting times with all these growth projects. Mark, I guess, perhaps help us think through how the contribution kicks in. I know the Phoenix, Arizona box plant at least was scheduled to come on, I think, late 1Q, 2Q. So that's probably going to be contributing this year, but the other projects you've called out, the reconfiguration in Ohio. Help us size up what that could actually drop to the bottom line? Do we see any of this year? Or is this more of a 2025 event where you could accelerate growth?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, the Arizona project should start up this spring as scheduled. And that new project will take the place of three -- we've been running a business down in the Phoenix for years. But to run that business, we've been operating out of three different locations within the kind of the neighborhood, so to speak. It's not the most effective way to run a business. And so this new plant will allow us to consolidate all the operations to one state-of-the-art, high-efficiency operation. In terms of unit labor and efficiencies, it will add tremendous efficiencies. Probably triple or quadruple the production capability of the region down there now coming out of this one plant. And again, the quality, cost structure, we'll see immediately this year. I don't -- I'm not going to attempt to give you a number, but it's -- it will be immediately accretive to the system when we bring the plant on and we exit the old operation. And the employees are moving over from the existing operation right into the new operation.
Philip Ng: And then the ramp-up of some of these other projects you've called out, New Jersey, the reconfigurations...
Mark Kowlzan: There's a New York and a Pennsylvania project going on, and they'll -- again, those will be more disruptive type of projects that Tom spoke of and that I spoke of, those are the type of projects that you suffer a little bit of pain while you're doing them. But then once they're done, they provide incredible opportunities for the next 10 years for us.
Philip Ng: But any color on the timing of that ramp, Mark? Is that a 2025...
Mark Kowlzan: Well, just again, we'll finish those projects this year and then get them running and get the bugs worked out and then again, we'll see immediate benefits out of those also.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Philip, I'll add just a couple of things to this. don't forget that any one of these projects, we're building in, as Mark mentioned, a lot of efficiency in these projects, including closures of inefficient box plants and things like that, where we can consolidate some operations into one. But in addition, it gives us a lot more capacity to satisfy those customers that I talked about earlier who want to do business with us want us to supply them, have agreements for us to supply them including different markets that we haven't been in, especially when you consider Phoenix because we had a smaller three building operation that couldn't -- didn't have a lot of reach. This will give us -- provide us a lot more opportunities. And the one in Ohio is the same, I mean, which -- where we've got a very large footprint and this will be able to consolidate that footprint a little bit in terms of numbers of plants, but also, more importantly, create a lot more efficiency and a lot more reach for us in terms of our customer base.
Philip Ng: Super. And then from a demand standpoint, Tom, you guys have box shipments in 2024, and that momentum sounds like it's continued into January so far. Can you just help us think through some of this? I mean some of it is obviously the market is recovering, but clearly outpacing the market, you're taking share, called out some share gains on the brown side of things. Certainly still a lot of disruption in the marketplace with consolidation in the making. Do you see that as a big driver that's a catalyst in terms of the momentum you've seen thus far this year? Like how should we think about share gain opportunities this year for you guys?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I think, as I mentioned many times, I said we've got our core customer base. If you're -- if you position yourself as the best supplier and the most reliable supplier to that customer base, there it presents many internal opportunities for you to continue to grow your volume. And I think traditionally, a lot of corrugated customers have split their business and done other things because they just couldn't get comfortable with sole suppliership and things like that. But that's changing dramatically over time. And we're proving in a lot of cases that we're just -- we're a great supplier, incredibly reliable, we got -- we consider the best quality and the best service of anybody in the business. And we're great partners for our customers. And we position our business around those customers and about their game plans. So that's -- I think that gives us a competitive advantage. And fortunately, we've got the financial flexibility to be able to expand at a rapid rate, to be able to do some things quicker than maybe some others can do it. And I see nothing but solid runway for those opportunities going forward.
Philip Ng: Got it. Then, Tom, one quick one. Mix was a modest drag last year on the brown side. Do you anticipate mix be much of a good guy or bad guy when you think about 2025?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, in the fourth quarter, we had that mix impact there was a lot more e-commerce activity, quite frankly, in the fourth quarter. That's done now. And so I think the comment was made during the call earlier that we expect an improved richer mix 1Q versus 4Q. And so we'll probably see that better mix through the first half of this year. And then as the year rolls on, we'll see more e-commerce into the fourth quarter, again, I expect.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, I think our mix is pretty steady compared to what it's always been.
Q – Philip Ng: Okay. Appreciate the color.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead with your question.
Charlie Sands: Yes. Good morning all. Thank you very much for taking my question. Just returning to the capital expenditure. I wondered if you could give us an estimate as to how much you would considered to be a generic maintenance CapEx within the overall budget for this year?
Robert Mundy: Yes, Charlie, this is Bob. Typically, that's about -- it runs 60%, 65% of our total spend. I think that's probably just a good way to think about it. Year-to-year, it's different, but I'd say that's...
Mark Kowlzan: This year, we've got a few bigger discrete projects...
Robert Mundy: Yes, I think a little less.
Mark Kowlzan: With the -- yes, it's going to -- on a percentage basis, it will be less this year because we've got four big discrete projects going on in the packaging side of the business. But as I said earlier, the bulk of the spending is going towards growth opportunities and not just maintaining what we have. We've been fortunate that over the decades, we've done a good job of maintaining our assets and continuing to make sure we stay on top of the asset preservation. So we're not playing catch-up.
Charlie Sands: Yes. Very clear. And on the weather impact that you called out, I recall January 2024, there was some pretty severe cold weather as well. But I'm not sure if it was you, but I think some of the other box makers called that out as an impact in Q1 last year. But I just wondered, is the weather you're talking about here something that you see as adverse just on a quarter-on-quarter basis or also more challenging incurring more costs than last year?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Let me comment and then Bob can fill. Obviously, we've just gone through the month of January, we're wrapping up here, but we've had a couple of weeks of severe weather and not just severe normal weather, but we've had more colder snowy weather and the very deep south region. As you all know, last week, along the Gulf Coastal area, Interstate 10 was shut down from Houston all the way over to Florida for a couple of days. And so that's very disruptive. So it wasn't just the cold weather impacting energy usage and raw material consumption and yield, but it was actually impacting business in general commercial activity. So there will be a volume impact there with the cold weather. But again, we just had -- and generally we had a colder winter right now. We're running well. Operationally, we're running very well, but it's more expenses to run well under these conditions. And again, last week, in particular, we saw some volume impact from that weather.
Charlie Sands: Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Fox from Bloomberg. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Fox: Hi, good morning. I think, Gabe, I think, asked this question, but maybe he asked it in a different way. I was hoping you could clarify it. So if we look at the revenue per produced ton in 2023 versus 2024, it looks like 2024 is down about $50 per ton even while the index is up about $35 a ton creating a margin of about $85. How do you -- how can you help us understand that?
Robert Mundy: Run that -- say that again, Ryan.
Ryan Fox: Yes. So revenue -- If we look at revenue compared to the produced tonnage, over -- year-over-year, that number is down about $50 per ton, even while the index has gone up for containerboard.
Robert Mundy: For which period are you talking about -- Hi, Ryan. Which period are you talking about that it's gone down $50 a ton?
Ryan Fox: 2023 to 2024. So full year 2023 to full year 2024.
Robert Mundy: Yes. Well, if you adjust I think what you're doing, you using produced tons, so you have to account for inventory change. But directionally, I'd say it's probably closer to $40, not $50, but go ahead.
Ryan Fox: Okay. I guess just in light of the fact that there were two price increases last year for about $80. And I realized that there was a $20 slide at the end of 2023. But if you look -- just look at the averages for containerboard over those two years, even that's up. So there's about a -- I call it maybe $85 it could be a little bit less than that, but there's the differential where prices are going in the opposite direction of where the index is going. I'm just trying to figure out how do we square that?
Robert Mundy: Yes. It's -- there's also -- in the way you're looking at that is there's export a good chunk of export volume in that. And during that period, I think export was definitely going down. So that's sort of getting into your math a little bit. I think if you sort of accommodate for that as well as some inventory change thing and some mixed things I think we're right there where we would expect to be based on how that index moves.
Thomas Hassfurther: And let me just add another element to this, too, because if -- we don't actually sell tons, we sell MSF. And if the basis weight is working its way down on MSF, that's going to trigger a different situation in tons. And so there's a lot of variables that go into this. And again, that's a whole another subject that we could get into. But here again, we've got -- we have an industry that is measuring something they don't even sell which is tons. And here, we sell MSF. So when you're factoring everything around a ton, there are a lot of variables that go into that and that have to be taken into consideration.
Robert Mundy: Yes. Just lastly, Ryan, as you know, the prices started moving down at the end of 2022 throughout a good part of 2023 and all the way into late 2023 and just the way those -- that affects our box -- that's -- you've got to overcome all that. Prices come up $80 since then, but it was down $110 with all those decreases. So it's just the way the timing and the way the things -- when they start to appear, it's sort of impacting what you're doing, which is just taking a high-level revenues by tons.
Ryan Fox: My other question for you is you've talked a little bit about how your customers are frustrated. Are you referring to box customers or the containerboard customers?
Robert Mundy: Both.
Ryan Fox: Both. Interesting. Okay. I guess last question. Help me understand, I mean, in the U.S., the mill operating rates are about 90%. I mean we're going to be on pace to export nearly 5 million tons in 2024. Why would an open market -- somebody who maybe doesn't have a mill, why would they be wanting to pay higher prices for containerboard with such overcapacity.
Thomas Hassfurther: You'll have to ask them. I can tell you that our customers don't see it the same way you're calling it out. Again, I'm going to refer to something that you're measuring in terms of tons, but we don't sell any tons. We sell MSF. So there's a large disconnect in my opinion, to what's really going on in the marketplace and what exists out there in terms of numbers. I'll give you another example. There's a relatively large mill that produces -- that is producing everything they can produce and their output is about 50% of what is projected for that particular mill. . So the projections and the realities are very different as well. And although we can buy some tons in the open market, the type of tons that we need to produce the boxes that our customers require is very limited and we've had long-term relationships to be able to do that. If those relationships did not exist, I would have some difficulty buying the proper tons.
Ryan Fox: Yes. Obviously, with the lighter basis weight that definitely creates some disparity in the contribution per machine hour on your mills. Is that lighter weight? Is that a thing that you're going to continue to see in the future where it's going to be a drag there?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I wouldn't call it a drag. I just think it's a fact of life.
Mark Kowlzan: I say, I mean, it becomes an opportunity. We're making more product with less fiber. And that's part of the capital investment over the last decade is to run these mills on a lighter weight grade mix much more efficiently. And so it hasn't impacted the mill profitability and the mill capability.
Ryan Fox: Great. Thank you so much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. I think I know we're out of time, but I know there was one more question. I think George Staphos may have had a question if you're still on, George.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question is the follow-up from George Staphos. Please go ahead with your follow-up.
George Staphos: Thanks, guys. I'll try to make it painless, Mark. Just to wrap up all the pricing discussion, when we look at fourth quarter last year, fourth quarter this year, prices are up a ton. They're not down. They're up about $43, recognizing it's tons produced. And what you're saying is when we consider the price drop that entered last year, and the fact you're building back from that and you look at mix, you're pretty much where you expect to be. Is that a fair statement?
Robert Mundy: Yes, George, with my math, I would say we're closer to $55 a ton, something in the mid $50s rather than $40, but go ahead.
George Staphos: Understood. Okay. And then the other question I had, aside from fiber, where are you seeing the most cost inflation? Because when we look at cost per ton, it's been trending steadily higher over time, despite the fact that you are spending a good amount of capital to become more productive and more efficient. So looking at your return on capital history over time, you don't spend bad dollars, so you're being coming up more efficient. Where are you seeing the most pressure on your cost and what are you going to do about that on a going-forward basis? What kind of products do you have that will take -- bend the curve back the right way on cost per ton?
Mark Kowlzan: For the first quarter, energy is obviously a glaring factor. But don't forget, over time, fiber has become less of a component. You've got all of your labor medical benefits, all of that element. Transportation is another example. All of your service costs, services in general, all the lease expenses, everything is up dramatically. We called this out on the call earlier. We've got rail increases taking place significant rail increases, again, taking place in this first quarter. And so the fact that we are fortunate in the ability to effectively spend capital, it helps us maintain our position, but it certainly is not able to overcome all of your inflation. And so that's why you have to have price along with a very, very effective capital spending program to stay ahead of the curve here. But energy right now is probably the big.
Robert Mundy: Yes. In energy, as far as your direct items, George, I mean, even chemicals, but chemicals are going to be up. And you look at just pretty much across the board, for the types of chemicals we use. We're seeing price increases in the first quarter, and those will stay with us throughout the year. But as Mark alluded to 65 -- the majority of the inflation we're seeing is in those items below all your direct costs, the things that Mark was referring to. That's where the biggest hit will be.
George Staphos: It also means you need to be given the expense inflation on labor and medical services, rail, which you can't control necessarily. You've got to be very, very precise, very strategic about where you put that next box plant so that you optimize around those various factors. But..
Mark Kowlzan: And that's -- and George, that's what we've been doing. I mean think about the rate of spending over the last seven or eight years now, especially the last six years, the benefits that we've gained from this activity are immense. It's allowed us to do what we do and be where we are. Now good news is we're going to continue at this pace, and we'll continue to take advantage of this. But nevertheless, with this comprehensive inflation across the board. It doesn't matter how much capital you spend. You will never -- unless you see appropriate pricing, you can't keep up with all of the inflation.
George Staphos: Thank you, Mark. Good luck in the quarter. Talk to you soon.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Appreciate it. Jamie, I think that may be wrapping things up. If you want to conclude this.
Operator: Absolutely, Mr. Kowlzan, I do see that there are no additional questions. If you have any closing comments, feel free to proceed at this time.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, everybody, for joining us, and I look forward to talking with everybody at the end of April. Take care. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Sir, please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. With me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our packaging business, and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, I'll begin the call with an overview of the third quarter results, and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details and then I'll wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions later. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $238 million, or $2.64 per share. Excluding special items, third quarter 2024 net income was $239 million, or $2.65 per share compared to the third quarter of 2023 net income of $185 million or $2.05 per share. Third quarter net sales were $2.2 billion in 2024 and $1.9 billion in 2023. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter excluding special items was $461 million in 2024 and $388 million in 2023. Details of special items for both the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding special items, the $0.60 per share increase in third quarter 2024 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by higher volume of $0.94 and prices and mix $0.03 in the Packaging segment, higher volume in the Paper segment for $0.03, lower freight and logistics expenses of $0.09, lower scheduled outage expenses for $0.06 and lower interest expense for $0.05. These items were partially offset by lower prices and mix in the Paper segment for $0.02, higher operating and converting costs, $0.51, and higher depreciation expense, $0.05, and other expenses, $0.02. The results were $0.20 above our third quarter guidance of $2.45 per share, primarily due to higher volume in our Packaging and Paper segments and higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter of 2024 of $446 million with sales of $2 billion resulted in a margin of 22.2% versus last year's EBITDA of $374 million with sales of $1.8 billion and a 21.3% margin. The operational benefits of our capital spending program and the continued great focus and execution by our sales, customer service, mill and corrugated products plant employees continue to deliver impressive results. Setting new all-time quarterly records for containerboard production, total box shipments and shipments per day, while meeting the service and quality needs of our customers would not have been possible without a long-term, well thought-out strategic capital spending plan and the hard work and dedication of our employees. Even with record production, as a result of the strong demand, we were not able to meet our inventory target at the end of the quarter. With some adjustments we made to the DeRidder Mill’s scheduled outage plans for this year, plus two less corrugated shipping days during the fourth quarter and with a lighter than average schedule in the first half of 2025, we do hope to reach our target by the end of the year. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on containerboard sales and corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. The corrugated products demand strengthened throughout the quarter and, as Mark mentioned, resulted in record-breaking performance for our plants. Shipments per day were up 11.1% over last year's third quarter, and total shipments with one additional shipping day were up 12.9%, versus the second quarter of 2024, shipments per day were up 5.8%, and total shipments with one less shipping day were up 4.1%. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 45,000 tons above last year's third quarter and 7,000 tons above the second quarter of 2024. Prices and mix came in ahead of expectations as implementation of our previously announced price increases for containerboard and corrugated products was managed very well. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were up $0.35 per share versus the second quarter of 2024 and flat compared to the third quarter of 2023. Export containerboard prices were of $0.03 per share compared to the second quarter of 2024 and the third quarter of 2023. I'd like to mention that in addition to ensuring our customers' quality and service needs were met during a record-breaking quarter, our employees did not get complacent. Their focus on continuous improvement regarding customer service as well as efficiency, quality, productivity, and optimization improvements across our packaging segment is relentless and drives our industry-leading results. They fully understand that there are always areas that can be improved upon even with record-setting performance. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan : Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $43 million with sales of $159 million or a 27.0% margin compared to the third quarter of 2023, EBITDA of $35 million and sales of $158 million, or a 22.4% margin. Our previously announced price increases were implemented as planned, with average prices and mix up 2% versus the second quarter 2024 levels, and down 2% versus the third quarter of 2023. Volume, which exceeded forecast levels, had very good back to school shipments and strong printing and converting demand. Volume was up 4% versus the third quarter of 2023, and was 5% above the second quarter of 2024. No operations were managed very well with excellent machine efficiencies and material usage, especially with chemicals and energy. And now I'll turn it over to Bob for more financial details.
Bob Mundy : Thanks, Mark. Cash provided operations during the quarter totaled $327 million, with free cash flow of $180 million. And more significant cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $147 million, common stock dividends totaled $112 million, $77 million for federal and state income tax payments, and $26 million for pension and other post-employment benefit contributions. We ended the quarter with $841 million of cash, including marketable securities, and our liquidity on September 30th was approximately $1.2 billion. Lastly, our planned annual maintenance outage expense for this year has churned slightly due to the adjustments made to the DeRidder Mill outage that Mark referred to earlier. The third quarter outage impact was $0.17 per share, or $0.03 unfavorable to our previous guidance. And the new estimate for the fourth quarter is $0.20 per share, or $0.04 favorable to our guidance. The total estimate for the year is $0.87 per share. I'll now turn it back over to Mark. Thanks, Bob.
Mark Kowlzan : Thanks Bob. Looking ahead as we move from the third and into the fourth quarter, we expect demand in our Packaging segment to remain strong with corrugated shipments per day continuing to strengthen and slightly higher containerboard volume. However, total shipments for the corrugated business will be impacted by two less shipping days and the recent hurricane damage to the strawberry crops in Florida. With current containerboard inventory below our target levels, we will also attempt to build some inventory prior to yearend. We expect continued realization from the previously announced price increases and higher export prices, although with a seasonally less rich mix compared to the third quarter. In our Paper segment, shipments will be lower versus the seasonally stronger third quarter. While prices and mix should be fairly flat, operating and converting costs are expected to increase, driven by higher seasonal energy costs and chemical costs. Scheduled outage costs are estimated to be $0.12 per share higher than the third quarter, and depreciation expense should be slightly higher also. Considering these items, we expect four quarter earnings of $2.47 per share. With that, we'd be happy to answer any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward -looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations, and projections of the company, and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, Jamie, I'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And congratulations on the progress so far. Gentlemen, I guess the first question I had is standard. Can you talk a bit about where bookings and billings are to start the fourth quarter with whatever adjustment you want to make either per workday or actual? And if you could shade or provide some color in terms of what end markets or product lines are seeing the most or lease traction. Second question I had for you, and you talked about it last quarter. You had favorable results versus your guidance. Can you talk about how whatever growth you're getting incrementally in the brown market, so to speak, is impacting your overall mix and sort of any implications for the outlook for earnings and EBITDA growth for the future?
Tom Hassfurther: Hey, George, it's Tom. I'll take that question. First of all, on a per day basis, our bookings and billings are up just a little over 8% versus ‘23, so we continue to be in a very nice growth mode. The end markets involve a little bit about your question regarding growth and mix as well. So let me talk about the growth first. And where we're seeing some end markets that are growing more than perhaps others. And probably the biggest difference that we're seeing right now ow is that the e-comm area across the board, and of course, I've mentioned many times that we have a lot of e-commerce customers, and that a lot of our customers got into e-comm a number of years ago. That segment continues to grow nicely, and that's evidenced by anything you see out there data-wise regarding big box stores and some of this other stuff. So a lot of online shopping. And then on the other hand, some of that graphics mix which is POP related, point of purchase displays and things like that, those are pretty flat. So we've got one area growing quite nicely and another area that's been pretty flat over the last few years. And it's the same thing as we talked about in the past because of consumer spending and because of kind of where consumers are right now. The durables certainly haven't performed as well as the non-durables, at least from our segments of business that we have. So hopefully that gives you enough understanding of kind of where we are and what we're seeing.
George Staphos: Tom, that's great. I guess my last one, I'll turn it over. Can you talk a little bit about what the crop damage might mean to you in terms of volume? And as you look out to next year, do you need to ramp any investment, whether it's working capital, CapEx, to keep the growth that you'd like to have looking out to ‘25, given how tough the comparisons are. Thanks and good luck.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, George, that's a great question. Number one is, it's a little unknown how severe the crop damage is going to be. It's a spotty all over the state of Florida and, of course, that's a very big market for us. So we anticipate that what would traditionally be a full crop that would come in during the fourth quarter is now going to come in at the end of the fourth quarter and bleeding into the first quarter of next year because they're going to have to do a lot of replanting. All those plants were quite young, so that's what caused a lot of the damage. And relative to CapEx and investments, as I've said many, many times, we invest where the customers need us to invest, and we're continuing to do that. One of the commentary I said about our employees and what a great job all of our associates have done is because we've had a lot of capital projects going on while we've had this surge in demand, and they've done just an unbelievably great job of making sure that we serviced our customers the way they need to be serviced with the quality products that they demand.
Mark Kowlzan : And keep in mind with that commentary, George, as we said on the July call, this year we will have worked on at least 60 major projects within our box plant system with new corrugators, major corrugator rebuilds, new converting lines. As we announced in July, we're heavily engaged at this point in building out the new operations in Glendale, Arizona that will start up early next year. And then just going forward, and we'll talk about this more in the January call, but we've got plans on the books to build out a couple of new big plants over the next two and a half, three years also. But we will continue the pace of reinvestment in these plants. This has been the -- it's driven the capability to be where we are today. We said this on the call, I believe, in July. If you include this year's capital spending over the last five years, we would have spent $2 billion just on the box plant system, recapitalizing and building out some new plants. And in many cases, in almost all cases, we've either quadrupled or increased even over that the capability of these box plants to produce quality packaging for the customers. And so we're not going to let up on that momentum that we have. That's what gives us the ability to grow and take care of our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist.
Mike Roxland: Thanks, Mark, Tom, Bob, for taking my questions and congrats on a real good quarter. Your volumes continue to outpace the industry and your nearest peers. And how should we think about your volumes and when growth should normalize? Is that something that should occur early next year, second half of next year? Or could this even play out longer, given the ongoing telehealth infrastructure and use that your larger peers are going?
Tom Hassfurther: Mike, we plan to take advantage of every opportunity we get where we can profitably grow our revenue. And I think right now we're able to perform in a way that is very desirable for a lot of our customers certainly most of our growth comes within our existing customers and then we get opportunities outside of that as well but they happen to be looking for something we're able to deliver and I think those opportunities will remain. Now, there's no question that starting next year the comps are going to get tougher. We made a big jump this year and but we -- our key objective is profitable revenue growth and we'll continue to go down that path and I'm very confident of it especially given the fact that as I've mentioned many times our capital expenditures are not a build it and hope they will come it's we do it based on what our customers have asked us to do and that provides us a lot of opportunities and efficiencies as well.
Mark Kowlzan : Mike what Tom just said about the comps, don't forget last year's fourth quarter, I think, we were up probably 5.5% to 6% last year's fourth quarter over the prior year's fourth quarter. So the 8% he's calling up is over a very big comp. So again if you also look back over the last 20 years, PCA has a track record of significantly outgrowing our customers on the packaging side year-over-year, decade after decade and we intend on continuing that trend.
Mike Roxland: Got you, that's great color. It sounds like Mark, Tom basically just said that you could probably outgrow your peers probably at a faster rate than you had historically given some of the moving pieces that are happening in the industry.
Tom Hassfurther: Mike, I don't want to really compare ourselves to our competitors because we just basically stay focused on what our opportunities are, and we stay focused on our customers and what their demands are. And that takes us forward.
Mike Roxland: Got you. One quick follow up. Mark, you said you put out a teaser, you mentioned some new plants you're looking to build out over the next few years. You mentioned more details in January. Anything you could share with us now on those new plants, particular regions, and, Mark, is there anything you could share regarding what you're looking to accomplish with those new box plants over the next two to three years?
Mark Kowlzan : No. We'll give you more details in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tom, Bob, good morning, and congrats on the good quarter. I wanted to dig in a little bit on a comment you made about a lighter maintenance outage schedule in H1 ‘25, marrying that up with, again, comments about having a little bit of difficulty seemingly, rebuild inventories, and, of course, that's a function of the performance. But it seems like in the outside world, I mean, maybe that's a little bit of marginal contribution on the production side, I don't know, 50,000 tons or something like that. Two part questions. One is, can you give us a sense for maybe the swing H1 versus H2 on the maintenance outage? And second, Mark, you guys have been really diligent about investing in the system and the business. You've talked about before being okay, being over-integrated, but you're seemingly kind of hit in red line right now in terms of your ability on the containerboard side. How long could you buy paper in the open market or maybe some thought there in terms of what the plan could be?
Mark Kowlzan : Gabe, I think you asked 10 questions in that one question. First of all, as far as the outage schedule, where are we calling it lighter for next year. Don't forget, we had that massive annual outage at Jackson to finish up the last phase of rebuild work at Jackson. That was about 40 some odd days’ worth of effort. And then just the learning curve through the springtime to get the machine up where we wanted it to be. But for the 2025 year, we won't have those types of outages at any of our mills. But frankly, we're planning on just the normal routine annual outages where you take the mills down, clean inspect, routine boiler work, turbine work, machine efforts. So it ought to be a significantly lighter year in that regard without calling out a lot of details. So that’s what we're implying in that. As far as the containerboard supply into the market, never underestimate us. We have long-term plans on how we will take care of our customers after the discussion that we have internally every day, so I'm confident that for the next few years we're going to be in a really great place to grow and take care of our customers' needs. That's all I want to say about that.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then I guess maybe Bob, you did mention any sort of share repurchase, $851 million I think on the balance sheet, but just good leverage position. What opportunities do you see for the capital on a go-forward basis?
Bob Mundy : Well, Mark may be the better one to answer that, Gabe, but as you know, we always evaluate how we allocate capital, looking for the biggest return for the shareholders, what makes sense for our strategic capital spending plans and that's again and be as opportunistic as we can with our share repurchases. So, Mark, unless you have something different that's I think that's how we'll continue.
Mark Kowlzan : Yes I think if you look at our capital spend this year we called out I think the original number was $470 million dollars and then when we identified the opportunity down in the Phoenix area which specifically Glendale that number went up plus, we saw some other opportunities within some of the plants for new corrugators and some converting lines so the call out for the rest of the year I believe is up closer to $700 million right now it's $680 some odd million as we sit here but these are going into high return very, very valuable accretive opportunities within the system and we've got a runway and a portfolio of those opportunities we're going to continue to take advantage of and but frankly that's the best use of our excess cash right now. And I do believe our investors tend to agree and they do support the way we handle our cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Congrats on another great quarter. So I just got maybe a little bit following up along the lines of containerboard production et cetera and opportunities to increase. Where were you in terms of operates in the third quarter? Were you pretty full out? Was Wallula running full in the third quarter?
Mark Kowlzan : Yes, all the mills were up and running. Last year, if you'll recall we brought Wallula back up and then in January, I think we finished the start-up of Wallula with the complete start-up of the mill. So essentially, we've run Wallula full out this year. And then again, don't forget, though, we had the big shutdown at Jackson. So that was a big disruption. And so, but as you could expect, we never sit still. We're always working on optimization opportunities at all of the mills. And so these will continue. But I think the good news is that we continue to run in a very effective, very efficient manner of taking advantage of our assets, and then planning out into the future years where tons, where, I should say, containerboard will come from to supply the customer's needs on the corrugated side. And I'm very confident. We've got a good plan for the next few years.
Mark Weintraub: Understood. And are there potentially significant internal Jackson type opportunities? Or is it more, at least internally, going to be smaller projects across the board, perhaps?
Mark Kowlzan : It's a combination. We've got a few projects identified right now, quite frankly. We've got some paper machines in the system that time goes by pretty quickly. Counce Mill received the lion's share of capital spending in the 1990s and the early 2000s. That's 25 years ago. And so we've got opportunities to look at Counce number one machine as an example and really do some things to that machine to get some good incremental capability out of that. Valdosta is another example of a machine that has incremental opportunity. And then, depending on how much capital you want to spend in the future years, in terms of adding another paper machine, if we had to in the future years. But right now, for the next few years, we're in a very good place on how we take care of the customers. It would be a containerboard supply.
Mark Weintraub: And just because it deserves a little attention, the Paper segment did phenomenally in the quarter, the EBITDA margins. I guess it's now just I Falls, and that's always been a great facility for you. How much of it is it that everything that's now going through I Falls versus what else might have been going on that you basically, at least based on my numbers, were as strong as you've ever been margin wise in the Paper segment?
Mark Kowlzan : Yes, I believe we had one quarter a couple of years ago that was at the same 27% level. But no, we have I Falls, it's the one mill, it's producing close to the 500,000 tons a year of uncoated freesheet production. That's a blend of the converting grades, and probably 75% of that is cut size for a copy machine type paper. But that mill is hitting on all eight cylinders, and it's been a great place, and well capitalized, and great management, great employees. So we rationalized that paper business as we were converting the Boise assets. And we're in a good place with the market, and we'll just continue to take advantage of that.
Mark Weintraub: Super, I appreciate it. One last real, quick one. I think you mentioned $0.87 for maintenance outage this year. If I heard you right, you're saying that might be lower next year. What would normal be for annual maintenance outages?
Bob Mundy : Yes, Mark, it’s normal, I don't know, this year obviously with Jackson included in that, it was higher than normal, but yes, we anticipate, and Mark sort of touched on it earlier with just incremental volume next year if you just look at it from a change in our outage schedule this year to next year, right now at a high level, there's probably close to 100,000 tons of additional production next year. So, using that as sort of a way to get at, what's normal would take that off of the $0.87 and that's probably the good ballpark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jeffries.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Congrats on another strong quarter. You're certainly lapping tougher year-over-year comps, but operating costs stepped up noticeably. Any color, Bob, I guess perhaps what you're seeing where it's a little bit more elevated and are you starting to see that level off? And then I think you guys called out how Jackson and maybe some of the inefficiencies and shutdowns. Was it dragged this year when we kind of look at the 2025, could this flippin be a good guy?
Bob Mundy : Well, I think your first question, Phil, to answer that, we said on the last quarter's call, and it played out that way, that sequentially costs, we didn't see a lot of increase, obviously sort of somewhat stable, slightly higher, but obviously at a very high level with all of the inflation that's been going on for several quarters. If you look, if you're referring to year-over-year, you have to keep in mind that third quarter of last year, we did not run Wallula, and we did this year. So this year we brought in our highest cost direct variable mill along with a lot of in-directs and things that you don't incur when you're shutdown, you bring that on, and there's probably close to $30 million of cost just for that alone, third quarter this year versus last.
Philip Ng: Okay. And when you think about 2025 with all that kind of level set, and as you kind of pointed out, you're starting to see that level off, could that operating cost be a good guy next year?
Bob Mundy : I mean, we'll have to see. Obviously, keep in mind, the first quarter was always, you'll see a big jump because, as we talk about every year with sort of the reload of a lot of the fringes and benefits on the salary side of things, you have increases that go into effect in that first quarter, so you'll expect a jump for that reason alone, fourth to first. But right now, obviously, we don't get too far ahead of ourselves regarding guidance, but hopefully, if we don't see a lot of costs going down, but hopefully, yes, they have moderated for a while for the next few quarters, and that would bode well for us next year.
Philip Ng: Okay. And just some of the big inputs, as you see, could come down a little bit, energy's been a little more favorable. Anything else to call out in terms of costs that you're seeing, good or bad, trend -wise?
Bob Mundy : No, as I said, other than the two you mentioned, things are seemed to be fairly somewhat stable right now, Phil.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's great. And when we think about your three key price mix, as you kind of pointed out, was better than we expected, and I think a little better than you anticipated as well. Was that more mix, or is that more box price realization coming through perhaps a little quicker than you expected? In the fourth quarter, per your guidance, you pretty much have all the box price increases fully implemented by now?
Tom Hassfurther: Phil, this is Tom. Relative to the box price increase, I'm going to remind everybody here because there was some discussion about this earlier, we have a very disciplined approach to our box price increase, and we do it by customer, by item, and we track every single one of them and make sure that they get implemented properly. And the timing of that hasn't changed. It's the same timing we've always gone through. We will have the lion's share of it through the third quarter. We will have some tracking into the fourth quarter and actually a couple of contracts that trigger annually. so we'll have it pretty much implemented certainly by the end of the fourth quarter and it's, that that certainly has had an impact and I think our mix, if we've done a very, very good job of as this mix has changed a little bit figuring out how to produce that very effectively and efficiently and that's helped us as well.
Philip Ng: And, Tom, these are annual contract triggering that trigger in 3Q or that triggers in the fourth quarter? Trying to make sure I understand that comment.
Tom Hassfurther: The couple annual ones are on a calendar year so trigger at January ’25.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning. Tom, you talked about growth and maybe some business wins in e-commerce and I am curious historically PCA has been really virgin weighted but you have the ability to swing into recycled. Is this new business like a bit more recycled based than your existing business and as you think about adding maybe some incremental tons or debottlenecking over the next few years, did you think about the kind of virgin versus recycled mix maybe differently than you would have 5 -10 years ago or just kind of wondered if you can comment on that and maybe just that industry trend in the US, whether that the kind of mix in the lightweight recycled has really taken hold or maybe is overhyped or how your position there?
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, we really -- we look at whatever the performances that any customer needs and we have done as we talked about in the past. We've done some significant things in the mills to put us in a much better position to be able to run even lightweights and things like that and that's been important to us. Now, we don't take that directly to any particular market or anything like that. We just are able to now react very well to whatever the customer needs and whatever their demands are and we're able to do it on a performance basis that is most important and that really has always set us apart from the recycled industry, the 100% recycled boards and I think gives us somewhat of a competitive advantage. But again, it’s not -- we're not purposeful about taking a particular grade or anything like that to the market. We actually work the other way and do whatever the customer needs and meet those needs.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful, and that makes a lot of sense. On inventories, you talked about, you plan to build inventory in 3Q ahead of the October DeRidder outage, but you talked about inventories kind of still below target levels. I just want to make sure I understand, like, is that really driven just by stronger than expected demand? Were there any other operational issues, technical issues that led to that kind of shortfall relative to maybe earlier expectations on inventories?
Mark Kowlzan : Yes, I mean, it was driven by demand. We did not expect to see the kind of growth this year that we have experienced, and we've been talking about building inventory all year, and we've not yet succeeded in coming anywhere near close to where we should be. And so, in some ways, though, it's not a bad place to be. With the lower inventories, it keeps everybody on their toes, and it's not a bad place to be. Everybody knows how critical every minute of machine production is to the system, so everybody's fully engaged.
Operator: And our next question comes from Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas.
Charlie Sands: Hi, good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question, so I've just got one remaining, actually. You touched a little bit on it earlier, but just in terms of the strength of volumes sequentially and particularly quarter-on-quarter, could you share any insight as to whether that is in particular coming from existing clients, existing business, or existing clients, new business, or indeed new clients? I appreciate it. We haven't obviously got the industry data yet. All your peers haven't reported either. I just want to get some color around where that incremental growth is coming from, do you think?
Tom Hassfurther: Charlie, I will tell you that number one is it comes from our existing customers and growing within our existing customers. That's our primary target, but we have been fortunate enough to add other clients as well. And that's played very important because I think that our reputation, we have in the marketplace is such that customers really do recognize the value you bring when you produce a quality product and you actually deliver it when you say you're going to be there.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Ryan Fox from Bloomberg.
Ryan Fox: Good morning, guys. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit more about the higher operating costings and converting costs? I think you had mentioned the majority of that may have come from Wallula, but that may have only attributed to maybe two-thirds of that. Just curious to see what else was hanging out there?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Ryan, obviously the other pretty much is higher OCC costs versus last year. That's the large number. And then labor and benefits. That would be another component. And those things that don't get talked about a lot that are part of building rentals, professional fees, all that outside service costs, they incur higher costs as well and they pass those on to us on a lot of fronts. Insurance, taxes, a lot of those types of things or that would be the other component.
Ryan Fox: Got it. And I guess lastly, seems like a record quarter for containerboard production, almost 1.3 million tons. How much more do you have available per quarter, kind of theoretically?
Mark Kowlzan : We won't get into that. Just suffice it to say that we've got plenty of capability to take care of our customers for the next few years.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. A quick one. Thanks for letting me sneak into the extent that you can comment. If we think about the next two years and you had a stack rank where you do expect to be able to get the paper to serve the growth and we think about three or four categories existing optimization and productivity across your mills, like you said, with Counce and Valdosta conversions or outside purchases, how would you stack rank those in terms of how you'll supply the paper? Thanks, guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan : For the next year, it will be just optimizing what we currently have. And then over the next few years, it's doing some bigger projects within our system. And so again, we've got a good runway for the next few years that we've already thought out here.
George Staphos: Thank you, Mark.
Mark Kowlzan : Okay. With that, I believe, if there are any more questions, we've got time. But, Jamie, if there's anybody else out there?
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions at this time. Do you have closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan : Thank you for joining us today. I really appreciate everybody's time and look forward to talking with you at the end of January when we review the full year 2024 and the fourth quarter. Have a good rest of the day and a great holiday season. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of Packaging Corporation of America. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of the second quarter results. And then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up and we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $199 million or $2.21 per share. Excluding special items, second quarter 2024 net income was $199 million or $2.20 per share compared to the second quarter 2023 net income of $209 million or $2.31 per share. Second quarter net sales were $2.1 billion in 2024 and $2 billion in 2023. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter excluding special items, was $404 million in 2024 and $418 million in 2023. The details of special items for both the second quarter of '24 and 2023 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding special items, the $0.11 per share decrease in second quarter 2024 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2023 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our Packaging segment for $0.87 and Paper segment $0.07. Even with our constant focus on minimizing inflationary cost increases, operating costs were higher by $0.31 per share. This was particularly in the areas of recycled fiber and inflation-driven increases on labor and benefits, outside service expenses, repair and operating material costs, rents, property taxes and insurance. We also had higher depreciation expense of $0.03 and a higher tax rate of $0.03. These items were partially offset by higher volume in the Packaging segment for $0.94 and Paper segment $0.07, lower other converting costs, $0.07, lower freight and logistics expenses, $0.06 and lower interest expense, $0.06. Looking at the Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the second quarter of 2024 of $400 million with sales of $1.9 billion resulted in a margin of 21% versus last year's EBITDA of $405 million and sales of $1.8 billion or a 23% margin. The strong market conditions in our Packaging segment continued in the second quarter. This drove a new all-time containerboard production record that was necessary in order to service the corrugated products and containerboard demand. Also, Packaging segment prices and mix moved higher from the first quarter levels as we continue to implement our announced price increases. Although still below target levels, we were able to build some inventory ahead of what we expect to be a very busy second half of the year. In our mills and corrugated products facilities, employees remain focused on efficient and cost-effective operations from thousands of initiatives as well as implementing the benefits and improvements from our capital spending strategy. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on the containerboard sales and corrugated business in general.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. Along with the record-setting containerboard production that Mark mentioned, corrugated products demand strengthened throughout the quarter and ended with a new shipments per day record for the month of June. In fact, we were just 0.1% away from our all-time second quarter total shipments record. Shipments per day were up 9.2% over last year's second quarter and total shipments with 1 additional shipping day were up 10.9%. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 42,000 tons above last year's second quarter and 35,000 tons above the first quarter of 2024. Segment prices and mix moved higher as we continue to implement our price increases from February which was negatively impacted by the late fourth quarter 2023 decrease reported by the RISI publication along with the more recent increase in June. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were up $0.09 per share compared to the first quarter of 2024. However, they were $0.84 per share below the second quarter of 2023. Export containerboard prices were up $0.03 per share versus the first quarter and down $0.03 per share compared to the second quarter of 2023. Finally, some of you may have seen news about an investment we made in the Phoenix, Arizona area. In order to serve a growing market and to grow with our existing customers, we are in the process of replacing our current Phoenix corrugated products plant with a modern state-of-the-art facility. Like many of our strategic projects, the Phoenix project improves the capacity, technology and equipment in the plant gets us aligned properly in the right marketplaces addresses the needs of our customers so that we both grow profitably and improves the efficiencies and cost within our system. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the second quarter was $31 million with sales of $150 million or a 20.4% margin compared to the second quarter of 2023 EBITDA of $39 million and sales of $143 million or a 27.2% margin. Paper segment prices and mix as well as volume came in as expected. And as we mentioned last quarter, although we are implementing our recently announced paper price increases, the published decrease in index prices earlier this year and how that impacts contract triggers with certain customers would initially delay the timing of realizing the increases. Overall, average prices and mix were essentially flat with the first quarter 2024 levels and down 5.6% versus the second quarter of 2023. Market conditions versus last year were solid with volume up 12% versus the second quarter of 2023 driven somewhat by the timing of seasonal back-to-school business. Volume was 8% below the first quarter of 2024, impacted by the scheduled maintenance outage at the International Falls, Minnesota mill as well as exceptionally strong volume in the first quarter. Similar to the comments I made regarding the packaging business, employees in the Paper business remain focused on very efficient and cost-effective operations and executed the outage International Falls very well and slightly below our cost estimates. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $278 million and free cash flow was $33 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $245 million, dividend payments of $112 million, cash taxes of $100 million and interest payments of $37 million. Excluding the invested cash proceeds from the bond transaction we'll use to retire the $400 million bond that matures in September. Our quarter end cash balance, including marketable securities was approximately $800 million with liquidity of $1.1 billion. We mentioned on last quarter's call that today we would provide an update on our capital spending guidance. We are revising our full year guidance from a range of $470 million to $490 million to a range of $670 million to $690 million. The increase is primarily attributable to additional high-return, profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities within our box plants as well as the new greenfield box plant in Phoenix that Tom spoke of. Spending for these projects fits in very well with our expected cash flow and balanced approach towards cash allocation in order to grow profitably our company and maximize returns to our shareholders. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the second quarter into the third quarter, prices and mix in both our Packaging and Paper segments will move higher as we continue to implement previously announced increases along with higher containerboard export prices. Although there is one less shipping day for the corrugated business, we expect shipments per day to continue to strengthen, potentially setting a new third quarter record. We also expect higher containerboard volume. With current containerboard inventory below our target levels, we will also attempt to build some inventory ahead of the scheduled maintenance outage at our DeRidder Mill in October. Paper volume will be slightly lower primarily due to timing of back-to-school business that was received in the second quarter. Operating and converting costs should be higher primarily due to seasonal electricity usage and prices and slightly higher recycled fiber costs with scheduled outage expense expected to be slightly lower. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings of $2.45 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call today constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Alan, I'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: I guess the first question I had gentlemen, is on costs. So you highlighted the $0.31 year-on-year negative variance in operating costs, converting costs were a little bit lower by $0.07. So the net of that was still a negative $0.24. If I look at the first quarter year-on-year, you were still seeing positives, I think kind of netting those 2 that you showed last quarter was $0.15. So almost like a $0.40 swing in 1 quarter in terms of comparisons, along with OCC -- gentlemen, what was the biggest factor in terms of costs that you've been trying to manage around? And what's the outlook? You said higher operating costs into the third quarter. There's a way to size what's happening in the third quarter on those factors. And then, I had a couple of follow-ons.
Bob Mundy: Yes, George, this is Bob. I think what you're seeing is year-over-year in the second quarter, we ran Wallula full in the second quarter, whereas last year, they ran only 1 month of the quarter. And of course, as you know, Wallula is our highest cost mills. So it was a big mill mix impact that affected cost plus, I think, the year-over-year on energy and like you said, OCC, that was higher in the second quarter than it was in the first. And I think that will pretty much close that gap when you look at it that way. And then going from the second to the third, I think you'll see, your other question. We didn't mention a lot in the guidance relative to cost because it should be fairly stable, up slightly, like we said for OCC and more electrical usage in rates. But other than that, it should be fairly -- maybe chemical is up a little bit but not as much sequential movement as we've seen in the past.
George Staphos: Just holding at a very, very high level.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Bob Mundy: Yes. Yes, exactly.
George Staphos: Understood. Secondly, jumping around a bit. Can you talk a little bit about bookings and billings as you normally do early in the quarter? And how -- kind of what the exit rate was or the momentum out of 2Q?
Tom Hassfurther: George, this is Tom. Yes, bookings remain very robust. Bookings and billings both remain very robust. Through 12 days, we're up 12.5% so far in July. So an incredibly good start to the quarter. We had a very good start to last quarter. We exited at a higher rate and we're continuing that higher rate as you see going into the third quarter.
George Staphos: Okay. My last one and I'll turn it over and related to sort of the volume outlook. Can you talk at all as to how your mix of business may have changed, if at all, now versus a year or 2 years ago. And frankly, the question that is behind the question, PKG's always seemingly done better than the industry over the years but the gap is quite stark when you look at it relative to still the macro data that's out there. So what do you attribute what's been very, very strong growth for PKG relative to a very mixed outlook where we look around the rest of consumer packaging? And how is mix changing. And can you talk a little bit about external sales which look like they're up? Is that a factor here in terms of what's happening with your revenue base?
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, George. Now I'll address what I can, okay? And to give you as much color as I possibly can. What's happening with our mix is, is that the growth the growth we see within our existing accounts and some of the new business that we brought on is primarily in the brown area. And if you look at what's happening overall as we see it in the marketplace, some of that specialty business which would be graphics-oriented and some of those sorts of things have remained relatively stable, whereas the other growth has been primarily in brown. So from a mix standpoint, it's a slight change. It's not this big dramatic change or anything like that. But this is -- our growth is a result of a team working incredibly well, performing at a very high level, remaining incredibly focused on the customer and aligning ourselves with the markets and the customers that we choose to do business with.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland of Truist.
Mike Roxland: Congrats on another good quarter. Just wanted to get a sense of your 2Q guidance during 1Q, you mentioned your guidance to $2.07, you rounded up at $2.20. Wondering what occurred during the quarter relative to your expectations that drove the beat?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, Mike, volume was the big factor. Obviously, operational efficiencies but the big volume boost was the positive there.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Okay. So really a volume but also some of the cost efficiencies that you continue to pursue because now that you mentioned [indiscernible] markets for thousands of opportunities. A combination of those 2 really drove you at $0.13 fee relative to your initial expectations?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Exactly.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And then just quickly, I would love to get your thoughts around your competition which seems to be changing. And a lot of them that seem to be echoing the strategy that you've pursued for some time in terms of targeting smaller local talents, trying to get more value over volume. Do you have any concerns in terms of this companies pursuing a similar strategy? Do you think of making competition. But what do you think is that -- what is sort of happening? And what are you doing to prepare if they become more aggressive and try to compete in your backyard.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Personally, I don't have any concerns about that. People have talked about that for a number of years. But again, Tom, why don't you weigh in on that also?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Mike, I would just say, listen, I mean, we don't really comment on our competition or what our competition is doing. We have our strategy, we go execute our strategy in the marketplace. And that is, as I've mentioned before, aligning with the right customers in the right segments. That's what we try to do. And what our competition is working on or is doing at the moment is really their plan, their program. And so I've got very little to comment on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: So you mentioned Wallula negative mill mix impact. You're also though ramping up Jackson and or have ramped it up. And can you kind of give us a sense as to how much of a positive impact that has perhaps already had? And is there more that's likely to show up? And when would you expect it to be really operating at its highest levels of productivity, efficiency, cost position?
Mark Kowlzan: Jackson is delivering exactly what we needed to do. When we talked about this project 2 years ago, we said it was a 2,000 ton a day project, quite frankly, we've exceeded that. We've proven that the machine can run up with 2,400 tons a day which would be 800,000 ton a year run rate. Currently, for the last couple of months, we've been running in the 1,900 ton a day up to 2,000 tons a day area which is again what CAR promised but it's all about running to demand. We make a lot of our specialty grades on that particular machine. And that machine is doing everything we need it to do right now. And the good news is that it will help us and be available to grow into the marketplace over the next year or 2 as we need the additional funds off that machine. But it's performing quite well and it's delivering everything that we needed to deliver on an earnings basis and a performance basis.
Mark Weintraub: And can you remind us, you had talked about EBITDA type contribution from Jackson. What's -- is there an updated thought or potential EBITDA contribution. Is there an updated thought now that you've seen that the scope of production could even be higher than what was originally expected.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think, Mark, it's delivering what we've talked about for the last 1.5 years to 2 years in terms of the model. But as I said, there's upside opportunity with the incremental tons that will feed into the converting system over the future. There's about a 400 ton a day opportunity as we go forward which is say 100-plus-thousand tons a year over the next couple of years as we feed that through. So that will be upside in EBITDA. But right now, it's delivering what our models told us it would deliver. And I think what some of you analysts have been modeling.
Mark Weintraub: Got you. And then on the increased CapEx, is there any -- a little bit more color in terms of the types of returns you might expect on this increased capital spend?
Mark Kowlzan: We don't get into the exact returns. Obviously, we have a history of high-return projects as a need project that Tom mentioned down in Arizona. We've been looking at an opportunity and a solution for a couple of years to move out of some older inefficient operating facilities. And so that's come about. We've also been aggressively pursuing some converting installations in new corrugators. And so all I'll say is these are very high return, great opportunities in line with our historical capital spend.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then it sounds like a mix of cost and increased capacity. Is that fair?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Let me -- I will point out, people that are wondering, if you went back 10 years ago, you could build a full line plant for probably $80 million, $90 million. The cost to build a full line state-of-the-art plant now has significantly increased and in some cases, starting to approach double what it was 10 years ago. Just to put things in perspective about what it costs to engage in this world that we're living in now.
Mark Weintraub: Right. And is that the size of plant similar? Is that still like an $80,000 type throughput? Or what type of throughputs are you talking about with the -- this new plant.
Mark Kowlzan: This plant down in Arizona when we're done with it will be a couple of billion square feet a year opportunity for us.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. And then lastly. So, obviously, we got pricing in February and PPW, got it in June. Undoubtedly, that's helping the third quarter. Is there much that you would expect of the increases that have already been reflected in PPW to show up in 4Q and beyond? Maybe could you help us start to quantify how to frame it?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. I'll just tell you that our increase that we're going through right now will roll through as it usually does for PCA over a 90-day period. So we'll see -- we'll begin to see the -- most of the results of that towards the end of the third quarter and certainly realized in the fourth quarter. One of the confusing things and as I mentioned in my comments, relative to the first $40 is a lot of that was offset by the $20 that was announced late last year and -- because it didn't trigger in a lot of contracts. So that kind of hurt us in the first half of the year. But now this $40, we'll roll through it and it will roll through in the normal 90-day period and the non-contractual stuff will roll through in a 30- to 45-day period.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on Mark's question. In terms of the kind of incremental $200 million on CapEx, is primarily all of that or the vast majority of that the Arizona project. And -- yes, I guess that's the first question.
Mark Kowlzan: No, that's a piece of it. We've also -- as the year progressed, we continue to identify ongoing opportunities at existing plants and it's in the line of new corrugators, new converting lines. And so we, again, aggressively have pursued a lot of those opportunities. There is some spending in the mills that we also identified as immediate high return opportunity that we've deployed some of that extra capital into -- and so it's a mix across the board which, again, gives you a good opportunity and mitigates the risk of any 1 big project.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. And in terms of sort of timeline for completion for Arizona and then obviously, you're not giving CapEx guidance for '25 but should we think directionally about CapEx maybe maintaining at these levels going forward, stepping down maybe in '25. Are we kind of in a CapEx cycle? Or just any kind of color you could give there would be helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. As far as the level of spending as long as we have opportunities, we're going to spend to the opportunities and we'll call that out as we have to, we'll give you an update in October for what the year is starting to finish up at. And then in January, we'll clue you into 2025. But I think, again, we've got a history of delivering results and again, I think for the time being, we're in this level of spending. But again, it's immediate high return. It feeds into this tremendous growth that we're seeing. And so we get immediate return for it. As far as the project down in Arizona, I think, Tom, we're kind of looking at late next spring type early part of next year of getting that plant started up.
Tom Hassfurther: Early, probably late first quarter, early second quarter. Yes.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. And I guess, last question. When you look at your end markets and really the strong volumes you've seen between consumer, industrials, durables, logistics, are there specific markets or customer set that is really driving that strength? Or has -- where the strength of demand has surprised you maybe?
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, I don't think anything surprised us other than probably that the consumer end has held up a lot better than probably anybody had forecast. And the consumer themselves have held up a little bit better. Now that said, they may be spending more from credit card and cutting into their savings account a little bit but the consumers remain pretty damn healthy. I think durables have been a little less healthy only because housing starts have been down. And I think some of the remodeling and just -- and actually getting supply has been a bit of a problem on the durable side. So -- but overall, I mean, when we look at our mix, I mean, there's minor adjustments back and forth. And like I said, on that specialty graphics side, that's kind of flatlined quite a bit. But it's still healthy and it's still similar to a year ago.
Operator: The next question comes from Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Hopefully, a couple of quick ones. One is kind of based on run rate production or I'm going to call it, directionally 5 million tons of capacity. You mentioned, I think you're at all 43,000 tons, I think, of year-over-year increased sales to outside or non-integrated tons. Are you at about 90% integrated at this point? And then on that, call it, 500,000 tons that you're not, to the extent that you do integrate it, should we be thinking about maybe $200 a ton of incremental profit that you realize when you internalize that? And yes, that's the question.
Mark Kowlzan: I think again, the number we're using internally is about a 95% integration. And as far as the value to us, I think you're in the ballpark. Bob, you got any comments?
Bob Mundy: I think it's maybe a little more than that, Gabe but -- yes.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then we've got some new legislation regulation in the EU and I appreciate you're not in Europe. But just to the extent that it impacts kind of maybe global trade flows or implied values of virgin assets here in the U.S. do you see that putting maybe incremental upward tension on OCC over time as people look to use more in their furnish, or does that not even come into your thought process because you're focused on the U.S.
Mark Kowlzan: I'm very familiar with what you're talking about. We've been paying attention to that at AF&PA for the last year. Again, I think that's the Europeans now realizing some of the unintended consequences of trying to do the right thing. And I think now that the election cycles have been completed in Europe. I think the reality is they're going to have to revisit that whole legislation and understand what the impact is. At the end of the day [indiscernible] passed to have fiber; and so they will resolve that matter. And so I'm personally from PCA's perspective, I'm not real concerned about it right now.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And last one, just on capital. Even with the increased spending, our model kind of has you guys still at 1x levered. You've always obviously taken a balanced approach with the dividend and share repurchase being a little bit more opportunistic. Anything changed either on the M&A front or a different perspective on capital as you look out over the next, I don't know, 12 months to return cash or value to shareholders?
Mark Kowlzan: Everything remains the same. We look at all opportunities, whether it's acquisitions, capital spending opportunities, dividend, share buyback, whatever makes sense at any given time, we're in a great position to be able to take advantage about anything that comes along. So nothing's changed. But we also, again, on the capital side, we have the organization that can quickly execute and take advantage of the ideas that currently come about and the needs that we have to work with our customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Congrats on another strong quarter. I guess the way you guys characterized demand for your major end markets, consumer hanging in there and durable goods still a little squishy. It doesn't exactly line up to the acceleration of box volumes you've seen, call it, the last 2, 3 quarters. So my question is, are you starting to see customers restock -- are these the customers you're aligned, just growing faster or just the investments you've made really allowed you to take share in a more meaningful fashion just because it seems to be lining up a little different from some of the macro data we see currently.
Tom Hassfurther: Phil, this is Tom. I would -- I'm going to go back again just to reemphasize the fact that we have a particular strategy, our go-to-market strategy is a particular one. It's -- we try to align with the right customers. And by that, I mean, the customers that we see that are going to grow going forward. And we work very closely with them to help make us both very successful in the long run and those have proven to be very beneficial to us. We have shied away from some of the other ones that are very seasonal or perhaps a little more jargon [ph] in terms of their demand and fall over periods of time. So this has been a long, long-term strategy that we've had and we continue to execute very well on that. I think there's been a lot of discussion about the capital spend. And that's been a long-term strategy of PCA has been consistently capital spend where the opportunities present themselves. Our financial flexibility allows us to do that sort of thing. And those -- and then consequently, we can take advantage of the opportunities when they present themselves with the marketplace. So that's really -- that really describes this best what we're seeing in the marketplace. And I know that some of our growth may not be consistent with what you might see in a macro trend. But I think when you dig deep and you see certain industries or certain segments, you'll see significantly more growth in some of those than you might in others.
Philip Ng: Are you seeing any restocking from your customers at this point?
Tom Hassfurther: Restocking. Our customers typically are keeping a what I would consider to be a very conservative inventory. We got through that whole destocking process quite some time ago now. And they're holding their -- they replenished some inventory but I would term it to be a on the historically lower side of inventory is what they're holding right now.
Philip Ng: Okay, that's helpful. And then the step-up in CapEx, Mark [ph] you're not comfortable telling us how the ramp-up curve on CapEx is. But can you give us a little color in terms of the EBITDA contribution ramp up? I mean some of these are smaller, as you pointed out. So should we start seeing some of that benefit this year? Or is it more of a 2025 event? I know the Arizona facility is going to come up sometime in spring but there's start-up costs associated with that. So how should we kind of think about the investments you're making in terms of the ramp-up curve.
Mark Kowlzan: Some of these projects we're doing currently in the box plants with some of the converting lines and corrugators. You'll see benefits this year and then we'll benefit going forward into next year. So without quantifying that, these are, again, very, very immediate quick return opportunities. And again, some of the longer-term projects like the project down in Arizona will be next year. But we currently have a portfolio of activity going on in the box plant. So we've been executing on an ongoing basis all year. And as the year rolled on, we observed more opportunities and we were able to take advantage of that. And so there's always somewhat of a lag but it's always in terms of months, not years.
Philip Ng: Super. How are you thinking about build versus buy at this point? I mean a lot of your private competitors have added a lot of capacity in recent years, very low-cost mills but not much of the book of business. Are there any opportunities on the acquisition front potentially out there?
Mark Kowlzan: I don't want to comment about that. Again, that's -- there's always opportunities and we'll take advantage of opportunities when we need to take advantage of them. But I don't want to speculate on anything.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Charlie Muir-Sands of BNP Paribas.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Just two, please. Firstly, on the new Arizona box plant, you said the capacity of the new site would be 2 billion square feet per annum. Can you just tell us what kind of upgrade that is or what's the capacity of the existing site that you're closing? And then secondly, just on back on the competitive landscape. I appreciate you don't like to talk about individual competitors but it does seem to be a sort of a general trend towards pushing price a bit more -- is that something that you are tempted or able to follow? Or are you more inclined towards gaining market share and driving operating leverage?
Mark Kowlzan: On your second part there, we're not going to talk about price. But on your first part of your question, we're going to more than double the capacity down in Arizona. Tom, do you want to give a few more details on that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, there's not a lot to talk about other than the fact that we are clearly out of capacity in that marketplace. We're not able to service the customers locally like we'd like to, we're having to pull from a lot of different plants and most of the plants are quite far away in the L.A. region or something like that in order to service that market. And that's not sustainable long term. So with the opportunities we have and with the customers that we have in that marketplace, they've indicated that we need to do significantly different things which we will do. And that will give us some -- obviously, some great opportunities in that region.
Mark Kowlzan: And if you look back at our portfolio of opportunities over the last 6 years, in general, we've taken a lot of these older plants that needed to be recapitalized. And we've increased productivity on a unit labor hour basis. We tripled quadrupled the productivity coming out of these plants and cut costs and done it with a lot less labor hours. So it's again, the plant in Arizona will be a really big opportunity for us to take care of that whole region.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Alan, thank you. And again, everybody that participated. I want to thank you for joining us today and look forward to talking with you in October to review the third quarter call. Have a nice day. Bye, bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. And please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of Packaging Corporation of America. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs the Packaging business, and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results, and then I'll be turning it over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up and we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $147 million or $1.63 per share. Excluding special items, first quarter 2024 net income was $155 million or $1.72 per share compared to the first quarter of 2023's net income of $198 million or $2.20 per share. Our first quarter net sales were $2 billion in 2024 and 2023. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter, excluding special items, was $333 million in 2024 and $405 million in 2023. First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.09 per share, primarily for certain costs at our Jackson, Alabama mill for the paper to containerboard conversion-related activities. Details of special items for both the first quarter of 2024 and 2023 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.48 per share decrease in first quarter 2024 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2023 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in the Packaging segment for $1.33, and Paper segment $0.08, higher scheduled mill outage expense $0.10, higher depreciation $0.03, higher expenses related to corrugated plant capital projects of $0.02 and other expenses $0.04. These items were partially offset by higher volumes in the Packaging segment for $0.71, and Paper segment $0.06. We also had lower operating and converting costs of $0.15 driven by very good process efficiencies and control over other usages of fiber, chemicals, energy, materials and labor. Although energy prices were lower versus last year's first quarter, they were more than offset by higher recycled fiber prices. In addition, we had lower freight and logistics expenses for $0.04, lower interest expense $0.07 and lower tax rate $0.09. The results were $0.18 above the first quarter guidance of $1.54 per share, primarily due to the strong volume in both the Packaging and Paper segments, along with the continued emphasis on cost management and process efficiencies across our manufacturing and converting facilities. This drove operating and converting costs lower even with the persistent inflation we continue to experience across most of the cost structure. Executing the conversion outage at our Jackson, Alabama mill better than planned resulted in lower scheduled mill maintenance outages, expenses and freight and logistics expenses were less than guidance as well. Looking at the Packaging business, EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter of 2024 of $326 million with sales of $1.8 billion resulted in a margin of 18.1% versus last year's EBITDA of $392 million or sales of $1.8 billion or 21.7% margin. Throughout the quarter, containerboard and corrugated products demand exceeded our expectations. In addition to outstanding operational performance at our box plants and containerboard mills, we were able to service the high demand from excellent execution of the convert -- of the conversion outage at our Jackson mill. This enabled us to restart both machines earlier than anticipated and we completed our work prior to the quarter-end rather than in the month of April, which had been the original plan. Despite these efforts, with the higher demand, we ended the quarter at a record-low weeks of inventory supply for this time of year. With just our Filer, Michigan mill having a scheduled maintenance outage in the second quarter, we do expect to build our inventories back to targeted levels by the end of this quarter. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business in general.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. As Mark mentioned, Packaging segment volume for the quarter exceeded our guidance estimates. Corrugated product shipments per workday were up 11% and total shipments with one less shipping day were up 9.2% compared to last year's first quarter. Compared to the pre-COVID period of the first quarter of 2019, shipments were up over 10.4% on a per day basis. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 40,000 tons above last year's first quarter and 15,000 tons below the fourth quarter of 2023. Our order backlog remained incredibly strong throughout the quarter, and although demand continues to be challenged by constant inflation, higher interest rates and other factors, we expect to continue this positive momentum as we enter the second quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together moved slightly higher from the fourth quarter of 2023 levels by $0.01 per share, which was less than we anticipated due to our total announced increase not being recognized in the published benchmark prices. Versus the first quarter of 2023, prices and mix were down $1.19 per share. Export containerboard prices and mix were down $0.01 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 and down $0.14 per share compared to the first quarter of 2023. I'd like to point out that the capital spending and optimization strategy within our box plant system that we have been continuously focused on over the last few years is providing incredible benefits. This has allowed us to focus on the mix of customers we want to profitably grow our revenues with by providing them the product and service needs they desire and allows them to grow. Based on our current demand outlook for this year, this strategy has us on pace to set a new record for box shipments per plant. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the first quarter was $41 million with sales of $164 million or 25% margin compared to the first quarter of 2023's EBITDA of $41 million and sales of $151 million or 27% margin. Sales volume, which exceeded our guidance estimates, was 14% above the fourth quarter of 2023 and 16% above the first quarter of 2023. Demand was very good both from our existing customers as well as incremental volume from some new customers as we acquire -- that we acquired towards the end of 2023. Orders remain strong as we enter the second quarter, although volume will be impacted by the scheduled maintenance outage at our International Falls, Minnesota mill in June. An improved sales mix moved paper prices slightly above the fourth quarter of 2023, although prices and mix were down about 6% from last year's first quarter. This past February, we announced $100 price increase across all of our paper grades and we began implementing these increases on April 1. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $260 million and free cash flow was a first quarter record $184 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $77 million and dividend payments of $112 million. Excluding the invested cash proceeds from the bond transaction we mentioned on last quarter's call, our quarter-end cash balance, including marketable securities was approximately $900 million with liquidity of $1.2 billion. Due to the excellent execution of the conversion outage at the Jackson mill that Mark spoke of and moving the International Falls mill outage from the third quarter and into the second quarter, we are revising the scheduled mill outage guidance we provided on last quarter's call. The revised total company estimated cost impact for the year is now $0.89 per share versus $0.96 per share previously. The actual impact in the first quarter was $0.24 per share and the revised estimated impact by quarter for the remainder of the year is now $0.18 per share in the second quarter, $0.14 in the third, and $0.33 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the first and into the second quarter in our Packaging segment, we expect continued strong demand and higher corrugated products and containerboard shipments. Prices and mix will move higher due to our announced price increases and increase in published domestic index prices as well as higher export prices. Orders in our Paper segment are expected to remain strong, however volumes will be lower due to the scheduled maintenance outage at the International Falls Minnesota mill during the quarter. Although we're implementing our recently announced paper price increases, the average prices and mix are expected to be slightly lower due to the published decrease in index prices earlier this year and how that impacts contract triggers with certain customers. Operating and converting costs should be slightly lower, primarily due to the sequential improvement in seasonal weather and wage and benefit timing expenses that we incurred in the first quarter and scheduled maintenance outage expenses will be lower. Rail rate increases at six of our mills during the first and second quarters will result in higher freight and logistics expenses and depreciation expense will be higher. Finally, our tax rate will be sequentially higher due to the tax-related benefit of share-based compensation vests in the first quarter. Considering these items, we expect the second quarter earnings of $2.07 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute the forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations, and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Hope you're doing well. Thanks for the details. I guess the first question, maybe the standard one for all of us, can you talk to what the early trends are in terms of bookings and billings so far in 2Q? And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
Tom Hassfurther: George, this is Tom. Yeah, bookings remain very strong, as I indicated in the -- in the call earlier in the script, were up 8% as of now. And we can -- we expect a strong second quarter and the remainder of the year as well.
George Staphos: Thanks for that, Tom. Can you talk a bit about what your vertical integration was in 1Q and also in 4Q? And if you don't want to provide -- and we understand an absolute level, can you talk about what the relative trend was? And similarly, can you talk about how the mix of your business was, third-party in export in 1Q and similarly relative to what you saw in 4Q?
Mark Kowlzan: Bob?
Bob Mundy: Yeah, yeah, I don't have the absolute -- yeah, the integration in the first quarter was around 90%, almost 93%, George. And slightly below that, I think it was in the fourth quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob.
George Staphos: Okay. I guess the last one, and I'll -- please go ahead.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Tom, do you want to comment about mix and...
Tom Hassfurther: Right. Are you asking about mix of export or you ask -- what exactly you're asking, George?
George Staphos: Really, I was asking about how much was export tonnage 1Q either directionally versus 4Q in absolute terms in terms of percentage of tonnage, whatever sort of qualitative or quantitative data you could provide us 1Q and 4Q. And really the last question related to it and I'll turn it over is, you know for all of the volume, kudos to you in terms of the shipments, the operating -- the EBITDA margin was less than we had been modeling for. And I'm trying to figure out where that loss of margin, at least versus our model, maybe we're just too optimistic was whether it was a mix or something else in terms of the quarter. Thank you. I'll turn it over there.
Tom Hassfurther: Let me see if I can tie this together here real quick for you, George.
George Staphos: Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Number one is the export. The export in first quarter versus fourth quarter, as I indicated was down slightly. Fourth quarter is a big export time for us. And -- but on an overall basis, it was pretty flat. Relative to the EBITDA margins, I think one of the things that probably you might be missing in the model was the fact that the $20 downturn that took place last year, some of that bled into the first of the year because of contract triggers. And of course, we were counting on the $70 being published and the only $40 was published and it was slightly delayed. So the roll through in the price increase did not occur quite as quickly as we had hoped and not in the same amount because of the index. In addition to that, I just want to remind you that inflation remains very sticky. And I think there is a lot of noise around inflation, the rate of inflation having slowed from that rapid rate during COVID, but it's still going up. And it's been going up, at the same time, the index has indicated prices going in the opposite direction until this $40 increase. So I think that's -- I think that's where the -- where the margin gap is.
Mark Kowlzan: George, there's a lot of elements within the cost structure that people lose sight of. I mean, if you keep in mind, I mean things just like general services that a paper mill or box plant relies on, all these associated costs to run the business are up dramatically over the last few years and they're not easing up. Bob, do you want to comment on this? Again, I think people are truly, truly missing that.
Bob Mundy: Yeah. Yeah, Mark. I mean the things and even as we go into the second quarter from the first, obviously, recycled fiber, wood may be a little bit higher from a price standpoint, electrical rate, even though gas is down, electrical rates are not. Chemicals, whether it be lime, adhesives in the box plants, resins, alums, starch across the board, all moving higher. And again, we typically talk about all the direct type of costs and which is only about 40% of our cost base, you have the other 60% which are, as Mark referenced, there are maintenance services, repairs, materials, operating material supplies, property taxes, rent, warehouse cost, insurance leases. So it's -- there is constant inflation and all the people that supply those things, they have the same inflation going on in their business and they don't eat it. They pass it on to us. So a lot of that just gets overlooked, I think, George.
George Staphos: I appreciate all the color, guys. I'll turn it over. Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Roxland from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Nicco Piccini: Thank you, Mark, Tom and Bob for taking my questions. This is Nicco Piccini on for Mike. I guess just realizing that demand has improved across the board, are there any particular sectors or end-markets where you saw more notable improvement, and then anything lagging?
Mark Kowlzan: I can tell you, the demand improved across the board, believe it or not. When we look at the various segments, whether it's e-com, ag, food, even in the heavier manufacturing area, we had significant improvement across the board.
Nicco Piccini: Got it. Thank you. And then just following up, since roughly 2019, you spent like a deal of time and money recapitalizing your box plants. Can you comment on maybe if there's anything left to do there realizing there's always some level of work to be done?
Mark Kowlzan: We've got this momentum going right now that we started good five or six years ago. And quite frankly, as we've done on the mill side now, the opportunity to continue to capitalize on the box plant opportunity will continue infinitum for us. That's part of our growth strategy. That's how we'll continue to provide value for our customer base. And so again, Tom, again just...
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think I would add -- I think it's a good reminder always that our capital plants and the box plants are built around our customers. And our customers that we're aligned with are in growth mode and that's a big benefit to us. And we'll continue to invest around those customers.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think I commented on the January call in the last five years since 2019, we've installed 69 new converting machines. We've replaced or completely upgraded 25 of our corrugators. We built four new plants, Marshfield, Richland, Landisville and Salt Lake City specialty. In Salt Lake City, we just started up in the last month, so that's our newest one. And so we continue to do this as Tom mentioned, it's all done to grow with the customer and take care of what the customer needs are. But we have this capability and it's -- again, we'll continue to capitalize on the strength.
Nicco Piccini: Understood. Thank you very much for the commentary.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, are you now done with the Jackson project conversion? Is that now fully set?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, everything that we had sculped out four years ago is complete, and that project has turned out, as you can imagine, we're more pleased than we thought we were going to be at this time. The original phase of work that we just completed was originally a 58-day schedule. We completed that two weeks ahead of time, started up the day before Easter, and have been running extremely well ever since. And as I've talked over the last year, I expected that machine to be producing over 2,000 tons a day and we've been doing that for the last week or two. And so, getting that mill stretched out now, and getting everybody used to running at these high production rates, but the good news is we need every ton that we can produce. And this is all high-performance grade lightweight linerboard coming off that machine. And so it's doing everything that we expected it to do and more.
Mark Weintraub: Congrats on that. So now with Jackson up and running for -- I think in the second quarter, you produced a little under 1.2 million tons. Maybe on an annualized basis, what would your full production potential be assuming the demand is there for you to run for?
Mark Kowlzan: If you include the seven mill system, would be a little bit over 5 million tons. If you round off 5 million tons system, a little over 5 million tons, 5.2 million or so.
Mark Weintraub: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: Depending on the grade mix that you're running as far as lightweights basis weight, 5 million, 5.2 million is a good number going forward on a run rate basis.
Mark Weintraub: Excellent. And then lastly, just want to come back to the up 8% on at least in April, et cetera. If I look at where your first-quarter daily shipments were relative to your second-quarter '23 daily shipments, they were up about 8% as well. And I realize we're talking about different time periods when you're referencing April specifically. But so the question is, I mean, are you still seeing momentum of demand getting stronger in the current environment? Or is it more that you had this uptick, you gained business and it's sort of stable at those higher levels?
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, it's still going up, it's going up at a lesser rate, but still we're going up and -- but second quarter is always an interesting one for us versus the third and fourth, which are more predictable because we have -- we take -- seasonality is kind of a little more iffy in the second quarter. But we still see that momentum going up and then we expect it to continue to go up again in the third and fourth quarters of the year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then one last quick one. So I -- and if I read it right, your cap spend was pretty low, I think like $72 million or something in the first quarter. What are you expecting full-year on CapEx and maybe depending on the number, if it's -- I thought you were going to be spending a fairly sizable amount still this year. And maybe help us with Jackson now done, what these new monies are going to be spent on?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Mark, that was a timing issue as far as just how the invoicing is done against the projects. We called out that somewhere in that higher 400 level, and we'll give you some updates in July. We always reserve the right as an example, if new opportunities come along, we move forward with these opportunities. And so right now, we're in that high $400 million area. But again, we'll give you some update. If there's any -- if there is any change, we'll update you in July.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Bob, Tom, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you for all the detail. I wanted to ask and I guess revisit the price question, which I know is a little tricky sometimes. But going back to the Q4 call, you had made some comments, Mark, that you were going to try to -- these are my words, kind of decouple from RISI indices to the extent you're able to. And then now we're reading on a sequential basis that we got the $40 a ton posted in February, we had expected $70. And so it feels like a headwind relative to what you were expecting or maybe we all were expecting going back to the kind of the price-cost squeeze that we all mismodeled in the first quarter. So I'm curious if that is proving more challenging. And I'm just asking in the context of this is kind of blazing new trails relative to what we're used to when analyzing this industry. So that's part number one. And then part number two, not asking about future price increases, but given what you've described and history of implementing price increases, is it fair to say that the January 1 price increase is now -- and again, I know it's RISI and what they do, but commercially speaking, if you deemed it appropriate going-forward that you would have to nominate something new. Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Gabe, this is Tom. That's a great question you have, especially relative to the decoupling from RISI. As I indicated in our last call, this would not be an easy task and it's going to take some time. But we're still pressing forward with that, driven again by our customers' frustration over what is going on and what gets reported these days. If you just work through at least from PCA's perspective, if you look through the -- walk through the math and you said, well, liner came down $110 after its peak and medium a little bit more, we would need to have a significant recovery to get back to those kind of levels. And as I also indicated, inflation continues to take place. So there's a -- even customers have said to us that if things had just remained the same from the peak, they would have -- they'd almost prefer that just because they just don't like these roller-coaster rides, and they're trying to get off of that down and then up and then down and then up, and these sorts of things. So -- and over a long period of time, we could have managed that in a much smoother fashion. So these are the kind of discussions we're having with our customers. Our customers are very open to alternatives and different methods. But you got to remember, a lot of these contracts are long-term contracts. They have different trigger points, they have different times when we're negotiating them. And so we are where we are at this point in time. And the other thing that we talked about was that when we announced this increase, the increase was on containerboard. And it wasn't -- the announcement wasn't on boxes. That's between us and our customers, but we announced it on the open-market of containerboard, and we implemented it. It didn't get reported quite that same way, but that's part of our frustration. I think that relative to future pricing, we don't -- we don't really discuss future pricing and we don't make any indication of what we're going to do in the future, but you could probably -- you probably read through where we are and some of the inflationary pressures that are taking place. And the last reminder is that it's -- there -- all increases aren't strictly on supply and demand. Sometimes they have to do just costs. And costs in general and some costs that we're trying to minimize as much as we possibly can, but in lots of cases, we can’t. So hopefully that gives you the -- hopefully that gives you a good indication of where we are.
Gabe Hajde: No, crystal clear. Thank you, Tom. Maybe just, I don't know, Bob, if you can quantify, I think kind of standard repricing for rail occurs in and around April 1. You called it out, I think roughly two-thirds or so of your parent rolls gets shipped around rail and then the majority of converted product is mostly trucked. So just maybe can you frame up maybe what the increases were or what portion of your transport spend is rail specifically?
Tom Hassfurther: I think in total spendm Gabe, it's like 65% or so is rail, I believe.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And one last one, very subjective, but given the fact that your two largest competitors right now are pursuing transatlantic combinations, do you see any opportunity, Mark, either organically or potentially if there's a required divestiture to pick up business along the way? Again, appreciating it. I know it's a sensitive topic. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, I don't have any comment regarding that. That's at some place it's -- I won't go. But as you can imagine, we take advantage of opportunities as they come along.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: On the last call, you talked about expectations for I think $0.35 sequential headwind in 1Q on seasonal costs that I think were mostly labor and benefits related, and maybe being able to get 60% of that coming back in 2Q. If I got that right, I'm just wondering how given where you shook out in 1Q and the 2Q guidance, how that kind of played out versus expectations?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Anthony, I think it played -- we did a little bit better, I think on what the impact was in 1Q. But in our 2Q guidance, what I indicated, I think like you said, I think it was 60% of those seasonal or one-time items on the wage side of cost. We are seeing those in our guidance for the second quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. And then just following up on Gabe's earlier question on pricing mechanisms, a lot of packagers have contracts where they get kind of an automatic pass-through on their primary raw material, whether that's aluminum or polyethylene. I'm just wondering kind of conceptually, big picture, would it be possible to structure contracts where fiber is just passed through automatically, whether that's OCC or virgin fiber or is there something about craft line or test line or boxes where maybe there's too many SKUs or there's too many customers or it's just it makes that kind of automatic pass-through more difficult.
Tom Hassfurther: I think it's a...
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Tom, go ahead...
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, I think it's a fair question, but far more complicated than I think you have in a lot of other materials. And I'd also like to add that in containerboard, not every sheet is the same. And you have a lot of variance between everything between 100% virgin and 100% recycled and a lot of technology in between there on performance liners, et cetera. So there's just a whole myriad of things that go into the process that would have to be taken into account. And it's not as simple as just taking that raw fiber or something like that as your single material.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, I just wanted to emphasize that maybe once upon a time, when a decade ago, things were more stable in general with inflationary activity and fiber would move up and down and -- but now the last number of years, we're in a world where inflation is back on track at the way it was decades ago and you're seeing across-the-board all your input costs up dramatically. And as Tom said, it would be too complex to try to tie that into some type of mechanism. But don't forget again just like 25 years ago, transportation was a very minimal cost factor in moving containerboard and paper products around the country. Now transportation factor is in as a major -- very significant major element to the cost, just that one component.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. I'm just wondering in kind of previous periods of very strong inflation or maybe going back to the '70s or was the paper industry using things like surcharges? I'm just trying to think about other kind of pricing mechanisms that have been used historically. Obviously, not talking about any kind of future actions. But Bob listed out that you know those categories that are all seeing inflation. I'm just wondering as you look at the history of the industry, were there sort of other ways that producers were able to pass those along?
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, this is Tom again. We're exploring all the potentials and we're doing it in detail with our customers. And so I think we'll just see where this unfolds over time. But -- and we're learning a little bit too on our side because we're getting it from all our suppliers and we're getting all of the above from all of our suppliers. And that's part of the inflation problem and the cost problem that we're incurring. So we're taking everything into account and -- but this will be solved directly with our customers.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, suffice it to say, we'll be far better off going forward.
Anthony Pettinari: Understand. I appreciate it, and appreciate it's a difficult question to answer in this kind of format. But appreciate the color. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng from Jefferies LLC. Please go ahead with your question.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Your box shipments were obviously really strong during the quarter. It seems like you're outpacing the market handily. Tom, you kind of talked about some of the investments you've made on the box side in market, I think you talked about momentum kind of building there. Has that been like a big area of differentiation that's kind of helped you take share a little faster and grow a little faster than your peers? Anything you want to call out in terms of these investments you've made that makes PCA even more competitive than years past?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think, Phil, the -- yes, there's -- it's been a big plus for us. There's no question about it, otherwise we wouldn't have embarked on it. I've said many times, we don't build it and hope they will come. We do what our customers need us to do and invest where they need us to invest. And that's what we've been doing. And it's coupled with making our system more efficient, getting ourselves aligned properly in the right marketplaces, getting ourselves aligned with the right customers. And that's -- I think that's a huge plus. Now in addition to that, I think what helps us a lot is the fact that we're building a better-quality product every day, we're able to turn much faster and meet demands and work as a -- and work as a complete system. Makes a huge difference for us and our customers definitely appreciate it, and I think that's showing up in the business that we're capitalizing on.
Mark Kowlzan: If you went back over the last five years, if you think about labor input cost and labor unit applied per square foot of product or ton of product, we've significantly improved the productivity and cost structure of every one of these converting facilities and full-line box plants. We're producing -- we quadrupled in many cases, doubled the productivity on average out of a box plant. And so it's given us incredible flexibility on how we grow with these customers and the capability to service these customers and do it in a very efficient manner. And that's where, again, we're able now to continue that momentum and we're not playing catch-up. We're in very good -- all of our box plants, our paper mills were in very good position as far as our cost structure and efficiencies to compete. And so we just lay in the new investments that, as Tom has said, we grow with the customer. And so again, but we've been doing this for decades. There's nothing that we just came up with the idea five years ago, we're going to do this. We've been working at this for a couple of decades and we've been fine-tuning this and making it better. And it's just in the last five years, we focused heavily within the box plant system with this organizational change we made in 2019.
Philip Ng: Super. That's helpful. And I guess a question on the pricing side of things. Since only $40 to the $70 linerboard increase got reflected in the index, just from a logistics standpoint, are you issuing rebates to your customers? And then I guess separately, the trade publication kind of reported maybe perhaps some of the independent box makers were a little reluctant to push price just given a more mixed demand backdrop for them. How did the box price increase progress? And do you kind of expect it to kind of proceed like normal?
Mark Kowlzan: Relative to the box price increase, it's going to flow through as normal over a 90-day period. We'll have a little bit of -- we'll have a little bit of lag into the midyear because we do have some contracts that have triggers in the midyear. But the lion's share of it as usual will roll in over 90-day period. We are not -- I'm not going to discuss what we do individually with our customers or anything like that, but we did put the $70 price increase through and on containerboard, as I indicated last time, and that's been done for quite some time. And that's basically what we expect now. Relative to an independent or whatever talking about supply-demand or whatever the case might be, I mean, that's part of the whole frustration of the model that exists right now because as I've indicated many times, the open market is incredibly small today. And when I hear things about 70% of the surveyed -- of the survey says X or Y, that's 70% of what, 1% or something. I don't know what the -- how those percentages work out, and there's no indication of that. So that's why we've, as I indicated last time some of the need to have some consideration for perhaps some other mechanisms.
Philip Ng: Okay. If I can sneak one more in, your two larger competitors in US are obviously merging with European counterparts. Historically, industry has had mixed track-record being international. But Mark, Tom, team, I'm just curious, how do you kind of see that perhaps changing the competitive landscape and how you may compete and how you proceed with some of your customers going forward?
Mark Kowlzan: I don't even think about it as a significant change here in the domestic marketplace. This is a -- they're doing it for their own reasons. But again Tom, you want to comment on that?
Tom Hassfurther: I don't have any comment at all, that relative to our competitors or what they're attempting to do or trying to do. We know what we need to do in our marketplace and that's what we go and focus on executing.
Mark Kowlzan: Just keep in mind for better part of 30 years, we concentrated in the lower 48 states and we've grown our business significantly over these last few decades here in the United States, and we'll continue to do so. And we've outgrown the rest of the industry by doing that and we'll continue to do that.
Philip Ng: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your follow-up.
George Staphos: Hi, thanks for taking the follow on. Recognizing that for years, Packaging Corp has hired its team of engineers and has focused on productivity both at the mill level and the box plant level. And you said, Mark, earlier that the projects and the programs will continue to add infinitum. Is there any fade in terms of the net benefit we should expect to Packaging Corp's P&L over time from these programs? Recognize they're going to continue, you know, basically, has a lot of lower hanging fruit been consumed or do you think you can continue with -- I think you said last quarter, you're spending $150 million in the box plants this year. Obviously, we'll get an update in June or July that you can continue to have that same rate of return on these programs and we can continue to see that benefit to the P&L as we've been seeing over the last couple of years. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: That will never end. If a company does not have the capability that we do, you will not be able to function efficiently going forward. The technology capability that we bring to bear 24 hours a day, seven days a week, we take care of our operational matters in real-time, whether it's a box plant issue or a mill issue, we don't depend on vendors to take care of our needs. And so this technology, the engineering group is not only working on capital investments, but they're working on process efficiency, process improvement on a real-time 24/7 basis, and that will never end. And that's been one of the benefits that has differentiated PCA for many years now, and we just continue to make it better and better. And the opportunities that the organization, whether you take an individual box plant or a mill and you take the operating group and the technology engineering group together, they see new opportunities continuously. And then you're able to identify new technology that can be applied and then we implement that new technology and again, how that rolls into the relationship with growing what our customer needs are.
George Staphos: So, Mark, recognizing you can't give us a schedule in terms of benefit this quarter, next quarter, next year, three years from now, in your mind's eye, you see as the efforts will continue, as you just said, the return and the benefit to the P&L should be roughly what we've been seeing in the last few years on a going-forward basis at PCA. Would that be right?
Mark Kowlzan: Absolutely. It's -- that's one of the differentiating factors that will continue to provide the type of benefits that you see at PCA.
George Staphos: Thanks, Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, George. Any further questions?
Operator: And we do have an additional question from Ryan Fox from Bloomberg. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Fox: Good morning, gentlemen. In the fourth quarter of '23, we saw that you outperformed the broader industry by a very wide margin. Just curious if you felt like in the first quarter, we're going to see a similar performance.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, we just -- we just reported that in our second quarter. Tom had called out the fact that our trend continues into the second quarter. So, Bob, go ahead.
Bob Mundy: No, I mean, Tom, he's referring to the industry numbers. I think that will come out at the end of the week versus our performance.
Tom Hassfurther: Right. I think we'll outperform the industry, but I would think that the industry will be up as well.
Ryan Fox: And why do you think you've outperformed the industry by such a great margin in the last two quarters?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, one reason is that we've been very, very focused on, as I said, our existing customers. Our CapEx has been around those existing customers. And some of those customers, as I indicated in the past, coming out of COVID, we had a large customer base that had really gone through some very significant destocking of inventory and they were kind of slow to recover. And they have now recovered at a very rapid rate. And so that's been very helpful to us because if you look at our -- it's no secret, I mean, we had a pretty easy comp you know a year ago. And we're -- so the number looks very, very good. But as you look at last year, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter of '23, all improved and kept improving. And so in order to keep up this pace, we're going to have to keep improving throughout the year, which we seek happening. But, it's a whole myriad of things, but also we've got some real lift from a couple of significant customers that had really lagged coming out of COVID.
Ryan Fox: Brilliant. Thank you so much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Any further questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And sir, at this time in showing no additional questions, I'd like to turn the floor back over to you, Mr. Kowlzan, for any closing comments.
Mark Kowlzan: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today and look forward to talking with you later at the end of July to give you the second quarter results and spend some time with you then. Have a good day. Take care. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does complete today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the floor over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, I will begin the call with an overview of the fourth quarter and full year results, and then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. After they're done, I'll wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2023 net income of $189 million or $2.10 per share. Excluding special items, fourth quarter 2023 net income was $192 million or $2.13 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2022’s net income of $215 million or $2.35 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.94 billion in 2023 and $1.98 billion in 2022. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter, excluding special items was $394 million in 2023 and $409 million in 2022. Excluding the special items, we also reported full year 2023 earnings of $784 million or $8.70 per share compared to the 2022 earnings of $1.04 billion or $11.14 per share. Net sales were $7.8 billion in 2023 and $8.5 billion in 2022. Excluding special items, total company EBITDA in 2023 was $1.6 billion compared to the $1.9 billion in 2022. Fourth quarter and full year 2023 net income included special items primarily for certain costs at our Jackson, Alabama mill for the paper-to-containerboard conversion-related activities and the closure and other costs related to corrugated products facilities and design center. Details of all special items for the year 2023 and 2022 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.22 per share decrease in fourth quarter 2023 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix of $1.93 in the Packaging segment, lower prices and mix $0.04, and volume $0.03 in the Paper segment and higher depreciation expense $0.10. These items were partially offset by very good volume in the Packaging segment of $1.07 per share. We also had lower operating and converting costs of $0.51 driven by very good process efficiencies and control over other usages of fiber, chemicals, energy, materials and labor as well as lower energy and wood fiber prices. In addition, we had lower scheduled maintenance outage expenses of $0.19, lower freight and logistics expenses $0.03, lower other expenses $0.04 and a lower share count resulting from share repurchases $0.04. The results were $0.37 above the fourth quarter guidance of $1.76 per share, primarily due to higher volumes in our Packaging segment, lower operating and converting costs, lower freight and logistics expenses. Looking at the Packaging business. EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter of 2023 of $385 million with sales of $1.8 billion resulted in a margin of 21.7% versus last year's EBITDA of $392 million and sales of $1.8 billion and also a 21.7% margin. For the full year 2023, Packaging segment EBITDA, excluding special items was $1.6 billion with sales of $7.1 billion or 21.8% margin compared to the full year 2022 EBITDA of $1.8 billion with sales of $7.8 billion or a 23.8% margin. Throughout the quarter, demand in the Packaging segment was stronger than our expectations. This higher volume along with the operational benefits of our capital spending program and continued emphasis on cost management and process efficiencies across the entire manufacturing and converting facility system drove operating and converting costs lower as well. We had an excellent restart of the Wallula, Washington mill and the No. 3 machine during the latter part of October and ran exceptionally well during the November, December period. And that helped us meet the stronger demand and build some needed inventory during the quarter to ensure the customers – that our customers were supplied with their needs. We plan to restart the No. 2 machine at the Wallula mill in this first quarter to help manage our expectations in the first half of 2024 for continued strong demand together with scheduled mill maintenance outages and the final phase of the containerboard conversion of the No. 3 machine at our Jackson, Alabama mill. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, Packaging segment volume for the quarter exceeded our guidance estimates. Corrugated product shipments per workday were up 5.1% and total shipments with one additional shipping day were up 6.9% compared to last year's fourth quarter. Versus the third quarter of 2023, shipments per day were up 5.2% and total shipments were up 3.4%, even though there was one less shipping day. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 88,000 tons above last year's fourth quarter and 17,000 tons above the third quarter of 2023. Our order backlog and containerboard cut-up remained incredibly strong throughout the quarter. Although demand continues to be challenged by persistent inflation, higher interest rates and other factors, we expect our shipments to continue this positive momentum as we enter the first half of 2024. Relative to the published reductions in the industry benchmark grades that occurred in 2023, Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.73 per share below the fourth quarter of 2022 and down $0.40 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2023, which included a richer mix of graphics and point-of-purchase display business. Export containerboard prices and mix were down $0.20 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 and down $0.01 per share compared to the third quarter of 2023. Beginning January 1, 2024, we began invoicing a $70 per ton price increase for linerboard and $100 per ton increase for medium according to our recent price announcement. As you are probably aware, this past Friday, the RISI Pulp and Paper Week publication did not recognize any increase in the industry's benchmark prices for either linerboard or medium. I'm sure you will have some questions for us on this topic, and we'll be happy to discuss them with you shortly. I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $35 million with sales of $144 million or a 24.5% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2022's EBITDA of $39 million and sales of $154 million or 25.7% margin. For the full year 2023, Paper segment EBITDA, excluding special items was $151 million with sales of $595 million or a record 25.3% margin compared to the full year 2022 EBITDA of $132 million with sales of $622 million or a 21.3% margin. Prices and mix were down 3% from last year's fourth quarter and from the third quarter of 2023, driven by the declines in the index prices that occurred during the year. Although, slightly better than our fourth quarter guidance, sales volume was 3% below last year's fourth quarter and down approximately 6% versus the seasonally stronger third quarter of 2023. The management team and all the employees of our paper business have done a tremendous job over the last several quarters to optimize our inventory and product mix, and remain focused on efficient and cost-effective operations in order to continue delivering outstanding results during 2023. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $335 million and free cash flow was $194 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $141 million, dividend payments of $112 million, cash tax payments of $59 million and net interest payments of $26 million. For the full year 2023, cash from operations was $1.3 billion with capital spending of $470 million and free cash flow, a record $845 million. Our final recurring effective tax rate for 2023 was 24.5%. During the fourth quarter, we issued $400 million of new 10-year notes. The proceeds from these notes will be used to redeem our $400 million notes that mature in September of 2024. Our net debt is not affected by this transaction and the proceeds from this issuance will be invested in marketable securities at an interest rate exceeding that of the new notes. The new bonds raised our overall fixed interest rate by approximately 30 basis points and extended the overall average maturity of our debt portfolio from 14.1 years to 15.6 years. Excluding the proceeds from this transaction, our year-end cash on-hand balance, including marketable securities, was just over $800 million, with liquidity of $1.1 billion. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be in the range of $470 million to $490 million. And DD&A is expected to be approximately $530 million. We estimate dividend payments of $450 million and cash pension and post-retirement benefit plan contributions of $27 million. Our full year interest expense in 2024 is expected to be approximately $53 million and net cash interest payments should be about $60 million. The estimate for our 2024 book effective tax rate is 25%. Currently, planned annual outages at our mills in 2024 including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs is expected to total $0.96 per share. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2024 is $0.26 per share in the first quarter, $0.16 in the second, $0.19 in the third and $0.35 per share in the fourth quarter. These expenses include the volume and cost impact that will be incurred during the completion of the final phase of converting the No. 3 machine at the Jackson mill to containerboard during the first and second quarters. This will negatively impact our first quarter results by approximately $0.16 per share and our second quarter results by $0.08 per share. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. I'm very proud of the outstanding results PCA delivered in 2023 under very challenging demand conditions. We successfully completed numerous cost reduction and process improvement projects along with other key strategic initiatives at the containerboard mills and corrugated products plants. Our dedicated sales and customer service organizations continue to be extremely motivated and understanding the business of our customers. They were very responsive to our customers' needs and works proactively to help them with their solutions to their opportunities and their challenges. These combined efforts allowed us to enhance our entire packaging business and deliver profitable growth opportunities for our customers and shareholders now and into the future. 2023 also saw our paper business deliver record margins reflecting the capabilities of our employees to optimize our product mix, inventory, distribution channels and overhead structure, along with running very efficient manufacturing operations. These accomplishments helped us to achieve a new all-time annual record free cash flow. We ended the year with over $1.1 billion of liquidity and extended the overall average debt maturity to almost 16 years. We continued our commitment to a strong balance sheet and a balanced approach towards capital allocation. This allows us to profitably grow the company and to maximize returns for our shareholders, while maintaining the financial flexibility to react quickly to situations and opportunities. None of these things would be possible without the hard work of the talented employees and strong partnerships we’ve built with our customers and suppliers over many, many years. Looking ahead, as we move from the fourth and into the first quarter, as Tom indicated in our Packaging segment, we expect continued positive momentum in demand, along with two additional shipping days in the first quarter to drive higher total corrugated product shipments. Despite restarting the No. 2 machine at the Wallula mill, containerboard volume will be lower due to the downtime associated with the conversion of the No. 3 machine at the Jackson mill and a scheduled maintenance outage at the Counce, Tennessee mill. Prices and mix should be slightly higher with the implementation of our announced January price increases partially offset by a decrease in the published benchmark prices that occurred late in 2023 with export prices fairly flat. In our Paper segment, we expect an improved mix to move prices slightly higher with flat sales volume. Recycled fiber and energy prices will be higher and unusually cold seasonal weather will negatively impact usages and yields for energy, wood and chemicals, along with higher operating costs associated with the restart of the full operations at the Wallula mill compared to the fourth quarter operations. Labor and benefits costs will have seasonal timing related increases that occur at the beginning of a new year related to annual wage and benefit increases, the restart of payroll taxes and share-based compensation expenses. And finally, as Bob mentioned, scheduled outage expenses will include the significant first quarter impact of the conversion outage at the Jackson mill, which is estimated to be $0.16 per share. Considering these items, we expect the first quarter earnings of $1.54 per share. And with that, Jamie, I’d like to open the call for questions. And we can proceed as you call it out. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, congrats on another really strong year in a challenging environment. So you say in the press release that that you are expecting a little slightly higher pricing despite the $20 decrease in November. And obviously you’re including some from the January increase, which as you mentioned, we’re going to have questions undoubtedly. Is that fair to say that you’re including a little bit more than $20 on average in the 1Q? How should we think about that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, this Tom. Yes, it’s slightly above the $20. We’ve got the follow through on that published $20 down. And as I said, we put the linerboard of medium price increase into effect January 1. And we’re invoicing accordingly and getting paid accordingly. And I might also add that as a net buyer, we also have accepted the $70 increase on the buy side and have been paying invoices accordingly.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And sorry, just to clarify, so when you said net $20, was that the increase minus the impact of the $20, or was that that you’re effectively, because of the way the lags work, et cetera, as you push it through into box prices, that the impact of the $70 that’s been announced is slightly more than $20 in the first quarter? I apologize for the question, but just clarify.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, you’re pretty much right. And you got to also think about it is, is the $20 is factoring into the box business right now given contract triggers.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. Understood. And lastly and I’ll turn over. Could you sense of how demand is shaping up in January so far for the business?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, demand remains very strong. We’re currently booking and billing about 8% above a year ago, and we see that trend continuing through the quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Mark. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sandra Liang from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Sandra, your line is live. Is it possible your phone may be on mute?
Mark Kowlzan: Jamie, let’s move to the next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Roxland: Yes. Thank you, Mark, Bob, Bob and Tom for taking my questions. Congrats on a really good quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you.
Bob Mundy: Thanks.
Mike Roxland: Just wanted to get a sense from you regarding the mix in 4Q. Box prices looked like they were notably down sequentially year-over-year. Now, aside from lower price, were there any one-time mix issues as well? And I recall that in 3Q, you called out weaker building products, lower graphics from softer retail, UAW strike. I’m wondering if that had an impact in 4Q as well, and whether you expect that to fade in 2024.
Tom Hassfurther: Mike, our fourth Q mix was about what we expected it to be. At the end of the third quarter we had a little more graphics business that came in, which was positive. But our mix in the fourth quarter followed pretty much true to form. And going into this year, I think that with some of those headwinds that you talked about behind us, especially the destocking, which was very unpredictable that we incurred during 2023, it’s kind of steady as she goes in 2024.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thank you, Tom. So would it be fair to say that in 4Q, some of those issues you mentioned in 3Q last time continued a little bit in 4Q and that…
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, they did a little bit into 4Q. They did. But then they began to settle out towards the end of the year.
Mike Roxland: Okay. Got it. Thank you for that. And then just of the $1.93 in lower prices and mix, is there anyway to parse how much was price versus mix? And then in terms of your – the $1.54 guide, what’s embedded for price and mix separately?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think it’s – I mean, it’s mostly price, obviously, but then it does get impacted by mix and that kind of varies back and forth. So we try to do the best we can to forecast that.
Mike Roxland: Got it. So Tom, would it be fair to say you’re expecting – given destocking coming to an end, given some of these issues mentioned previously in my question. Probably you expect a better quality, a high quality mix in 2024 versus 2023.
Tom Hassfurther: I think our mix will be traditional to what we typically have.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And last question just before turning it over. Can you help us just think about what’s next for PKG from a growth perspective? Obviously, you’re finishing up Jackson here. And you still have I Falls. Now realizing that I Falls is a great asset, it’s modern, generates a lot of cash, [indiscernible] paper. Do you expect to run I Falls as is? What’s really the next leg of the growth trajectory for PKG after this?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Mike, you know, obviously you don’t know what the future is going to hold. But we’ve got a lot of optionality in what we’re doing. All of the capital spending that we continue to do in the box plants, as an example, continues to create incredible opportunity to grow with our customers. Just this year alone, for 2024, we planned over 30 strategic projects at 26 of our box plants. And this is major converting equipment installations, corrugators, corrugator rebuilds and upgrades of significant magnitude. This past year it was the same situation. Number of evolves, rotary die cutters, corrugators, new plant in Pennsylvania, the start of a new plant out in Salt Lake City. And so we will continue to build in the internal organic capability to grow with the marketplace. Mills have the runway to continue providing that over the next few years. And then you have to assume, as we have always done, we can grow the containerboard supply as we need to, whether it’s adding capacity in an existing mill or if we had to go out and buy a mill or build a mill. There’s a lot of optionality in the future that we have the ability to proceed with. But that’s never been an issue for us. And I don’t expect it to be an issue in the future. But right now, the key is that we have tremendous capability within the converting side of the packaging unit and the mill system to provide the containerboard to grow for the next number of years. So I’m very, very encouraged by where we are.
Mike Roxland: That’s great, Mark and very good call. I really appreciate it. And best of luck in 2024.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Mike. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Cashen Keeler: Yes. Hi, good morning. This is actually Cashen Keeler sitting in for George. He had an internal conflict this morning. So I guess just back to the pricing discussion. Are you able to comment at all in terms of what percent of your customer base you’re invoicing at those higher prices in both containerboard and boxes?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, with regard to linerboard and medium, I’m talking about linerboard of medium here. It’s 100% of our customers, outside customers on linerboard of medium and trade partners as well. So that’s where that stands. And I just like to add, we’re having no customer dispute us on these price increases or anything. And obviously we’re disappointed that it didn’t show up in the trade publication, as I mentioned earlier. And right now we have customers that are incredibly frustrated with the mechanism right now and feel that there’s a disconnect between what they see going on in the market and what’s being reported. Now maybe some of that is because the outside market has shrunk so severely that it’s quite small now. And we don’t want the tail wagging the dog here, but we’ve got customers now both on the liner and the box side that are asking us to look for alternatives. And we’ll be exploring any and all alternatives going forward, including maybe not even using an index, but we’ll kind of give you some color on that going forward as that progresses. But I just wanted to make you aware of where our customer base is and how they feel about certain things at the moment.
Cashen Keeler: Okay. Appreciate that color. And then in terms of production, was the cost of production in 4Q where you had anticipated in packaging? I know you commented that you had lower operating converting costs year-over-year. But just interested if there were any items that were higher than you expected kind of in there? And as you look out for the rest of 1Q, any kind of cost items or lines that might give you pause. I know you commented the fiber and energy and chemist, but since shutdown those items.
Bob Mundy: Yes. This is Bob. I would just say, relative to 4Q, maybe OCC prices that was probably a little higher than what we had baked in. But maybe there were some, what we call, other fixed type costs around some services and equipment rentals, some outside, things like that, maybe just a touch higher. But all in, it was certainly a very good quarter from a cost perspective relative to what we had guided to. As far as the first – going to the first quarter from the fourth, there are some moving parts there. Some of them are just not what we normally see. Obviously, we pointed out the big significant change that we’re being impacted by relative to the Jackson conversion, which is on a sequential basis, is $0.16 per share. But outside of that, if you look at all of our other costs, there’s probably 60% or so of those are what we call seasonal or timing type cost increases. Those would be weather-related, which are actually a little more severe going 4Q to 1Q this year, because of so much cold weather down in the southern mills and the box plants, which typically we don’t see much of a change relative to usages and things that get impacted by cold weather down there. And then the wages and benefits. The base – that base gets larger every year. You never have deflation with your wages and benefits. So the annual increases that we experienced going from 4Q and to start a new year in 1Q, it just gets higher and higher, the dollar impact of that. Plus this year, our medical costs alone, they were up probably over 12% to 15%. However, on a sequential basis, the weather-related items should flip back the other way as we move from 1Q to 2Q and 2Q to 3Q, as should about half of the – those wage-related timing items. Those start to flip back the other way on a sequential basis. You have to sort of keep that in mind going forward. And I’d say the balance of well, I guess one other item is we talked about bringing Wallula on in the first quarter and taking Jackson down, so we’re replacing low-cost tons with very high cost tons. That’s a – that’s probably a $0.10 hit in and of itself right there, exclusive of the outage impact that $0.16. And then the balance of that is just inflation related things that don’t get talked about a lot. For all these cost increases we incur, believe me, anyone who provides a part, a good product service to us, they’re experiencing those same increases. So there’s a lot of outside services, equipment rentals, rents, property taxes even. You can go on and on and on. All that is – it’s a lot of money that we have to absorb especially on – you see it mostly in a sequential nature going from 4Q to 1Q. So, I hope that gives you a little color about what’s in those numbers for the – for our guidance.
Cashen Keeler: Great. Thanks for the details.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabrial Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Gabrial Hajde: Mark, Tom, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Kowlzan: Morning, Gabe.
Gabrial Hajde: I wanted to ask a little bit on the demand side. Historically speaking, you guys have done a good job of kind of outperforming the industry or even exceeding that kind of the GDP type growth. But this quarter was seemingly pretty pronounced relative to what we’re reading maybe in the green markets report or REFI [ph]. So, I’m just curious if there’s anything that you can talk about, I mean, I know historically, you guys haven’t talked about like a vitality index or something like that. But just maybe new business wins that you all are excited about or change incentive structure for your sales folks to go out and win new business.
Tom Hassfurther: Gabe, the majority of our increase in volume came from our existing customers. As we’ve said many, many times, I mean, that’s our main growth engine. And we tried to align with the right kind of customers who, over the long haul, will grow. And I think that’s been a big plus for us. Are we winning any new business? Yes. We win some new business, some other business goes the other way. It’s over the – over time, we do come out ahead. But as you mentioned, I mean, historically, we have outperformed the industry, and we plan to do so going forward. But we did lag as you probably know, for a number of quarters. Over the last couple of years, there were times when we did lag. And it’s because of some of the segments that we were in. And I mentioned before, as an example, I mean, building products went crazy during COVID and then suddenly that came to a screeching halt. And so some of these segments that we’re in did hold us back, but they’re coming back now nicely and that’s a big part of our growth.
Gabrial Hajde: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe two questions on the Jackson conversion. It sounds like – I know sometimes that they’re not always directly linked in terms of when the costs flow through and the guidance that you gave us, Bob, in terms of the $0.26 and the $0.16. But is that happening? Is it straddling in March, April from a timing standpoint? And then I’ll ask a question. I don’t know if you guys will answer, but on a sequential basis, if the $70 and $100 a ton is going through, and by our math, that’s, to your point, Mark, maybe $25 a ton is being reflected in Q1, then is it fair that the extra $50 a ton incremental should be on a sequential basis embedded into the second quarter? Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: [Technical Difficulty]
Tom Hassfurther: Right. Well, we’re in the midst of discussing all that with our customers, especially on the box side and what the roll through will be, et cetera. So, as I mentioned, we got the increase in place for the linerboard medium. And we’ll see where things roll through, but we expect it to be a traditional roll through.
Gabrial Hajde: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Hey, following up on your earlier comments, I’m wondering, is there some percentage of your box contracts that are not on Pulp and Paper Week? And I guess, looking at other paper grades, there were some boxboard producers we didn’t feel like the index was really reflecting what was really happening in the market, and they were able to move some customers off a Pulp and Paper Week. Is that something that you potentially could do? Or you think some customers might welcome? Just wondering if you – to the extent you can discuss how you think about that?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Anthony, as I mentioned, I mean, we do have a high level of frustration both with customers, both on the liner and on the box side. With Pulp and Paper and feel that there’s a disconnect there to what they see in the market and what’s being reported. As I’ve said for a number of years now, as this independent market continues to shrink and what we really consider to be a real open market gets into the mid-single digits. And if that’s all that’s being reported on, that becomes quite a – can cause that disconnect, in my opinion. So our customers have asked us to look at a lot of different alternatives in which we are doing, along with them, and we’ll see where we end up. Have we moved some people off of that? We don’t really like to get into those kind of details just because that’s between us and our customers. So, I’ll leave that one aside, because we’re not going to really get into those discussions other than I just will tell you, we are looking at any and all alternatives.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then just switching gears on the CapEx guidance for 2024. I think you said $470 million to $490 million CapEx. Is it possible to break that down between maintenance, discretionary and then Jackson. And is there any kind of finer point in terms of the run rate capacity add from Jackson when that conversion is completed?
Bob Mundy: Yes. As far as I would say Jackson will be $30 million to $40 million of that amount. The balance, I’d say 65% or so would be sort of that nondiscretionary must-do type maintenance-type capital spending. And Mark, you talked about?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I mean we’re probably spending close to $250 million just in the box plants alone this year. And that’s all of the 30 strategic projects we’re working on the box plants and building the new plant out in Salt Lake City and finishing that up. And then the rest will be just in the smaller one-off projects in the mills. And then obviously, we’ve got the maintenance-type capital that goes on. But the bulk of its – quite frankly, the bulk of its in the box plants. And then finish up the Jackson conversion.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. And is there a final number on the Jackson capacity add in terms of how much – how many tons that you would expect that to add when it’s completed?
Mark Kowlzan: The machine certainly ought to be able to add approximately 175,000 to 200,000 more incremental tons a year when we’re done with this phase of work. I believe the number for 2023 is production of that machine was somewhere around 537,000 tons of production for 2023. So if you add 200,000 more tons that you’re up in that 700,000 tons capability. But again, it all depends on our demand. And so we’re going to run to demand, as we always have, but that’s the necessity of being able to build this runway that our customers can depend on and they know they can grow with us and we can supply them the product and the value they need. And so the Jackson machine is going to have that capability to ramp up and ramp down, and provide all the grades we need at an incredibly attractive cost position.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Ng: Hey guys, congrats on a really strong quarter. Your business is relatively a shorter cycle business, but it certainly seem pretty confident on the demand outlook for the first half with capacity bringing back online. What are your customers selling? Are there any pockets of end markets that kind of really stand out where you’re seeing demand kind of bounce back in a bigger way? And are you seeing any restocking after a year’s worth of destocking effectively?
Tom Hassfurther: Phil, I think the demand outlook obviously remains good. It’s pretty much across the board. There’s no one industry that stands out more than the other, other than maybe e-commerce. Because you still see the brick-and-mortar stores continue to struggle a little bit, but that’s more than offset by the e-commerce side of the business. So that remains quite good. And I think relative to restocking, I would say that the restocking has been quite conservative to date. Nobody jumped up and said, "I’m going back to where I was during COVID" or anything like that, they’re trying to be reasonably conservative going forward. And – but – so I think we saw a little bit – we probably saw a little bit of a jump as a result of that, but nothing like we saw on the destocking side.
Phil Ng: Okay. That’s helpful. And then I guess a question for Bob. If I look at your last two quarters, operational and converting costs were down pretty sharply, which is impressive especially with Wallula come back on. Preaching the first half of the year you’re going to have some outage expense of Jackson. But some of the gains you saw in the back half, is that pretty sticky, and that’s still to come? And I know you guys talked about all these different projects you guys are working on the box side of things. So kind of help us think through that driver potentially good or bad this year.
Bob Mundy: I’m sorry, what did you say was sticky feel? I didn’t catch that part.
Phil Ng: The operational and converting cost, that came down pretty nicely in the back half of 2023. I’m just trying to gauge should we expect follow-through in 2024, especially with some of the investments you’re making in the box plants? Is that a good guy as well?
Bob Mundy: No, absolutely. I mean, as we’ve said many times, that never stops. It’s not just capital projects. It’s things that don’t – it’s just changing behavior, a technique, a process. It doesn’t cost money comparing to others new things, new technologies, new ideas, and those thousands of those things are going on every year. And that is really what drives those reductions that we’ve talked about historically, and that certainly will continue in the future.
Mark Kowlzan: One good example of that, and we don’t talk about a lot, our transportation capability. Over the last decade, we’ve built an incredibly strong transportation logistics group within the company, and it’s nationwide now. We’ve got a very large fleet of tractors and trailers running the country, taking care of not only containerboard, but a lot of our packaging to the customer. And so that capability of having our own trucking in-house has provided enormous flexibility in cost management on the transportation side of the equation. So that’s just one example of how we go about looking at our business and then executing.
Phil Ng: Super. Just one last one for me. I think on the prepared remarks, you called about $1.1 billion of liquidity. Mark, you highlighted being balanced in terms of capital deployment. Any opportunities perhaps to play a little offense in a market that’s a little more distressed, especially some of the capacity that’s come on. Is that an opportunity? You guys are obviously growing pretty nicely and generate a ton of free cash flow here.
Mark Kowlzan: I’ll let you know when it happens. That’s the beauty of having that firepower. We can not only continue to look at share buyback and dividends. But if an opportunity comes up on a one-off on the packaging side to buy an existing business, we can easily move into that. If something on the mill side came up that we found attractive, we can move into that and not worry about how we finance it or how it affects the balance sheet. And so the other thing I want to remind everybody, back when we called out the 2023s capital, and we – the 2022 capital up over $800 million. And we reminded everybody that the 2022 capital would be going down into a much more manageable level, much more reasonable level in that $400 million range. Just keep in mind, we did that, and we accomplished an incredible amount of high-return projects and impact projects that benefit our customers and our shareholders alike. But also this year, we continued that trend. The $400 million range of high-return, high-impact projects affords us again an incredible opportunity with the balance sheet because all that operating cash that we’re generating goes into free cash and can be deployed appropriately. And so we’re in a very good place. Over the last 10 years, we’ve done all the heavy lifting to get the mills and the box plants in very, very efficient condition. And so now it’s much more manageable about how we go about with these projects. And so with the fact that we have the internal capability with the engineering and technology organization to manage the bulk of all this work. We’re in a much better position than we’ve ever been and we’ll continue that. But again, all optionality is open for us on how we look at the world.
Phil Ng: Okay. Appreciate that
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your follow up. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. So can you share with us the types of alternatives on pricing structures that might be contemplated? Would they be more cost tied? Would they be more macro or data tied? Would it be more just going and negotiating with counterparties, some combination? Or any color as to kind of where the bias might be from your perspective?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, it’s nice that you’re thinking about it, and I appreciate all your options that you just presented, but I’m not going to get into that at all because, as I told you before, that’s between us and our customers. And we’ll work those out as we go forward. So, I’m sorry, I can’t give you anything, but that’s the way we do business.
Mark Weintraub: Totally understood. Is there anything that may have been missing that would have been in the list recognizing there’s going to be a whole bunch of things that you’re going to be talking about with your customers…
Tom Hassfurther: Nice try, but I’m going ditto again. Okay.
Mark Weintraub: Yes. I did try. And then Bob, you had mentioned about 60% of the costs increased from 4Q to 1Q seasonal or timing. Could you sort of put a number on that? Would that be like $0.20 per share? And if it we were just – had that 6% come back in the second quarter?
Bob Mundy: Mark, it’d be closer to 35%, maybe a little more per share.
Mark Weintraub: Right. Okay. Thank you so much.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Any other questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is also a follow-up from Gabrial Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your follow-up.
Gabrial Hajde: Tom, Mark, I’m going to try one more time. So, I apologize in advance, but it’s more trying to understand the thought process. And I think the price discovery process that we’ve seen over the past 25 years, what we’re hearing is maybe is not as bulletproof or as useful as it maybe once was. And so maybe really what we’re hearing is and something I think is misunderstood in the industry, is that you guys sell boxes that are made to a spec that service a customer’s needs as opposed to selling a customer a parent roll of paper. And so is it fair that maybe what’s going on behind the scenes is the value that you’re bringing to your customers is really what you’re trying to understand and work with them to help them understand ultimately and move the pricing structure to something like that.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Gabe, you described it very well. I got to be honest with you. There is a linerboard and medium market, and then there’s a box market. And the box market is all custom-made. Lots of different things go into it, and there’s a value created accordingly. So you – as I’ve said before, I’m not going to get into all the optionality and all those other sorts of things, those things we’ll discuss with our customers. But you do describe it accurately, I think, especially from our customers’ point of view, that what gets reported is quite different than what they see in the marketplace. And just as an example, I mean, even when the prices went down, over the past 18 months or so. There isn’t a customer who said, I see that there’s a need for that or that they saw that in the marketplace. So we’ve got – what we’re hearing from our customers is very different than what’s getting published. And that disconnect, we’ve got to figure out how to solve that disconnect, I guess, is probably the best way to put it.
Gabrial Hajde: Very much appreciated. Thank you and good luck. 
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Any other questions, Jamie?
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead with your question.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Hi, Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you very much for all the good answers so far given us a lot to think about. Just had one question on the Jackson mill. You’ve obviously very helpfully quantified the temporary cost drag that we should expect in Q1 and Q2. But can you just talk about the cost benefit that we should see from the mill once it fully ramps up and perhaps contextualize how much more efficient this mill is compared with the rest of your network?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We talked about this for the last couple of years and that when we were done with all of this work because the work that’s going on that will start next month and then finish up. It’s about a 58-day outage at the mill, but it involves more than just the paper machine. Once again, in and of itself is a lot of work with dryer cans real press section rebuild, but it’s also power plant work. We’re going to be reconfiguring a lot of the power plant steam flows, steam pressures will be – ultimately, we’ll be producing more megawatts off the power plant in the back end of the mill and providing more high pressure, higher efficient steam into the paper machine. And so net-net, the mill when it’s done, will have the capability to produce linerboard and be at or amongst our lowest cost in the system. So if you think about Valdosta, DeRidder and Counce, Jackson should be as good or better, quite frankly, than Counce and DeRidder. And probably get Valdosta run for its money. And so the huge opportunity is in the, in the cost savings as we go forward, that will flow through in the future. Bob, do you want to add to that?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Charlie. And what Mark is describing, if you sort of quantify that, we’re looking somewhere between $35, $40 a ton once all that work is completed, and that machine is fully operational.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Many Thanks. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Any other questions, please?
Operator: And we have an additional question from Richard Bourke from Bloomberg Intelligence. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Bourke: Thank you for taking the time to answer my question, gentlemen. I was just wondering with your announced price increase, to be effective January 1, if you maybe saw some demand get pulled forward into the fourth quarter by customers attempting to get that price increase?
Tom Hassfurther: No, we did not see that, Richard.
Richard Bourke: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Any other follow-up questions, Jamie?
Operator: And sir at this time, I’m showing no additional questions.
Mark Kowlzan: All right. Why don’t we go ahead and conclude this. If there are no questions, I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call, and we look forward to talking with you in April. Thank you. Everybody, have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we’ll conclude today’s conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. Please note that this call is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the floor over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO, PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our packaging business, and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, I'll begin the call with an overview of the third quarter results, and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details and then I'll wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday we reported third quarter net income of $183 million or $2.03 per share. Excluding special items, third quarter 2023 net income was $185 million or $2.05 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2022's net income of $266 million or $2.83 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.9 billion in 2023 and $2.1 billion in 2022. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter excluding special items was $388 million in 2023 and $477 million in 2022. Third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.02 per share, primarily for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper to container board conversion related activities. Details of all special items for the third quarter of 2023, as well as 2022 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.78 per share decrease in third quarter 2023 earnings, compared to the third quarter of 2022 was driven primarily by lower price and mix of $1.33 and volume $0.09 in the packaging segments. Higher depreciation expense $0.11; lower volume in the paper segment $0.04; higher tax $0.02; and other expenses $0.02 cents. These items were partially offset by lower operating costs of $0.58, primarily resulting from lower recycled fiber and energy prices along with outstanding mill and plant operational execution. Other favorable items included a lower share count resulting from share repurchases in the second half of 2022 were $0.11, higher prices and mix in the paper segment $0.04, lower converting costs $0.04, lower scheduled maintenance outage expenses of $0.04, and lower freight and logistics expenses $0.02. The results were $0.17 above our third quarter guidance of $1.88 per share primarily due to higher volume in the packaging and paper segments and lower operating and converting costs. Looking at our packaging segment EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter of 2023 of $374 million, with sales of $1.8 billion, resulted in a margin of 21.3% versus last year's EBITDA of $467 million, with sales of $1.9 billion, and a 24.1% margin. The operational benefits of our capital spending program and the continued great focus and execution of our mills and corrugated products facilities on numerous process improvement initiatives once again delivered impressive results. This included areas such as machine and equipment efficiencies, fiber, chemical and material usages, internal energy generation and usage, and labor costs. Our approach to cost-effective management of container board supply with demand also delivered the benefits we were anticipating. This was primarily achieved by idling the Wallula mill for the entire quarter, which resulted in a market-related downtime of approximately 174,000 tons. However, with the stronger demand in our packaging segment, we ended the quarter with inventory levels lower than anticipated. Based on our current outlook for improved demand, together with current plans for the first quarter of 2024 for the scheduled mill maintenance outages and completing the final phase of the container board conversion on the number three machine at our Jackson, Alabama mill. We are planning to restart the number three machine at the Wallula, Washington mill during the fourth quarter in order to bring our inventories to desired levels. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on container board sales in the corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Packaging segment volume for the quarter exceeded our guidance estimates. Corrugated product shipments per workday were up 1.9% and total shipments with two less shipping days were down 1.3%, compared to last year's third quarter. Versus the second quarter of 2023, shipments per day were up 3.9% and total shipments were up 2.3% even though there was one less shipping day. Outside sales volume of container board was 33,000 tons above last year's third quarter and 5,000 tons above the second quarter of 2023. Demand headwinds from a shift of consumer buying preferences towards more service-oriented spending, persistent inflation, and higher interest rates continue to negatively impact consumers' purchases of both durable and non-durable goods. However, we mentioned last quarter that many customers were telling us the inventory de-stocking of boxes and their products was behind them and we were hopeful that, that would translate to improving volume throughout the second-half of the year. We saw that occurring during the third quarter and we expect that momentum to continue into the fourth quarter although there is one less shipping day, compared to the third quarter. Relative to the published reductions in the industry benchmark grades that occurred late last year and earlier this year, domestic container board and corrugated products prices and mixed together were $1.12 per share below the third quarter of 2022, and down $0.45 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2023. Export container board prices and mix were down $0.21 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2022 and down $0.03 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2023. And now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $35 million with sales of $158 million or a 22.4% margin, compared to the third quarter of 2022’s EBITDA of $33 million and sales of $165 million or a 19.7% margin. Seasonally stronger cut size and printing and converting volumes were 13% higher than the second quarter levels and down almost 8% versus the third quarter ‘22 with about 40% of the decline being driven by no paper sales from our Jackson mill in this year's third quarter. Prices and mix were up about 3.5% from last year's third quarter and down 2% from the second quarter of 2023, due to the declines in the index prices that occurred earlier in the year. Our International Falls mill managed their nine-day planned maintenance outage very well, and similar to the packaging facilities, the mill remained focused on efficient and cost-effective operations, delivering great results for the quarter. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $339 million, with free cash flow of $250 million. The more significant cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $90 million, common stock dividends totaled $112 million, $63 million for federal and state income tax payments, and $51 million for pension and other post-employment benefit contributions. In addition, we repurchased just over 286,000 shares of our stock during the quarter at an average price of $144.81 per share for a total of about $42 million. We ended the quarter with $726 million of cash, including marketable securities and our liquidity on September 30th was approximately $1.1 billion. Lastly, our planned annual maintenance outage expense for the third quarter was just over $0.22 per share and the fourth quarter is now expected to be about $0.19, bringing the 2023 full year total to $0.72 per share. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead as we move forward into the -- from the third into the fourth quarter, in our packaging segment we expect less market-related downtime as we build our inventories back to appropriate levels, along with higher shipments per day in our corrugated products facilities, although our plans will have one less shipping day, compared to the third quarter. We also expect lower average prices primarily due to the majority of the May decrease in the published benchmark index grades being realized throughout the third quarter, as well as a seasonally less rich mix. In our paper segment, volume will be lower compared to the seasonally stronger third quarter and prices and mix are assumed to trend lower with declines in the index prices. Operating and converting costs will increase -- driven by higher recycled fiber prices, seasonal energy costs, and the restart of the wool of the mill. Depreciation expense is estimated to be slightly higher and scheduled maintenance outage expenses will be lower. Considering all of these items, we expect the fourth quarter earnings of $1.76 per share. With that, I would be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations, and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K and the subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to go ahead and open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Garrison Keillor from Bank of America securities. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, it's George Staphos. How are you everybody? Congratulations on the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, George.
George Staphos: I just -- how are you doing? Doing dueling conference calls today at this time. So again, congratulations on the performance. Can you talk to the -- you enumerated a number of factors in terms of the lower operating and converting costs. I know, Mark, it's always a number of projects, but were there any in particular that were sources of the improved performance? Yes, there's going to be some pickup in the fourth quarter seasonally and you have OCC higher, but how much do you carry forward and what's the room for further improvement on both operating and converting costs as we look out to ‘24 from where we're at right now. If you can talk a little bit to that.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, it's the benefit of the year-after-year continuous improvement that we've had in place. And as we've said over the years, we're constantly doing hundreds and hundreds of projects a year. Some are small, some are large, but nevertheless it's an ongoing, continuous process across the board. And if you think about the box plants and the mills, there's a daily activity with the technology organization in concert with the local operational management focused clearly on cost takeout and just operational excellence. And this has been going on for a number of years and will continue to go on. Tom, I think, you know, you've got great examples in the box plants that we just continue to execute.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I think George, this is really, you know, an effort to really realize the deployment of the capital that we've done in the -- in all the box plants and to streamline those box plants and to really get those box plants, you know, right-sized for the growth we've got coming and what the existing volume is right now. So we're very pleased. We're very, very pleased with the results.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, George, as far as next year, you know, as you could expect, we're already and have been talking about, you know, what's on the horizon for next year, what are the opportunities. And so we've got a very good, solid plan in place on where we're going after these cost takeouts and continued operational improvements, along with just being able to look at what the market requirements are going to be in terms of customer needs and addressing that. And while we address that, we're always looking at how we're deploying that capital and how that impacts the operation in terms of labor cost and energy and input conversion cost. So we've got a good plan for next year also.
George Staphos: Sounds like it wouldn't be surprised by that Mark. So to Wallula, and again I know it's hard to talk about some of this live mic. But the restart for the fourth quarter, what does it mean about what your customers are saying for ‘24? I realize you need to rebuild inventories and we know PM3 at Jackson's going to be down for the last part of the conversion. But what does it mean in terms of your demand outlook, what your customers are saying? And hopefully this isn't the case, but if things wind up being from a macro standpoint a little bit softer, how quickly could you maybe pull back on Wallula if need be? And then my last question I'll turn over. Can you talk to us a bit about how your early fourth quarter bookings and billings are? And how we should again think about how those map to actual volumes. Thanks and good luck in the quarter, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, George. Yes, you know, as far as Wallula, as we've always said, we're going to run to demand. And Wallula is just one of the opportunities we have to move the needle on our needs. And so by getting number three started up, you know, over the course of the next couple of weeks, it will fulfill our current needs. And we'll anticipate that through next year. If demand just holds on the trajectory that it is right now, we'll need Wallula running through the year and so we will look at the opportunity to supply the marketplace. We've got our own internal targets on what we want our inventories to be to minimize transportation and logistics issues. But we can flex the system up and down and as we always have, we will always run to demand. So that's how I'll answer that. And then Tom, why don't you go into the current box cut-up?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, let me first just kind of tag along with what Mark just said relative to running to demand. You know, that is what we do. And if we didn't have the demand, we wouldn't be talking about restarting Wallula, pure and simple. Now to calibrate that a little bit, George, I think you need to really look at our low point was the first quarter of 2023 in terms of demand. Our demand currently is, you know, just in a couple of quarters is now 8% higher than that number and going higher going forward. So, you know, that's the real reason why we need the, you know, the cut up in -- at Wallula. It's really being driven on the box side of the business more so than anything else. And relative to the bookings and the billings, again, our bookings are up 14% for this at the beginning. And again that’s, you know, you've got to take that number, because we've had high numbers and then we come in a little low, you know, we come in significantly lower for the actual quarter, because a lot of these bookings are for quite a ways out. But I think the key here is that the backlog remains incredibly strong, and our cut-up demand is also very strong. So we feel very good about where we are on the fourth quarter and certainly entering into next year.
George Staphos: Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Tom, just following up, you mentioned an 8% reference to your demand now versus, I think, first quarter. So is that sort of what you're expecting in the fourth quarter on an average day basis? Because I was sort of trying to do a little bit math and again, is that how to think what that number you just mentioned?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. I mean, our trend still remains positive. So we'll be up. And again, I think it's really important to get calibrated kind of the correct way to some extent. And because when we look at the fourth quarter, compared to the fourth quarter of ‘22, in ‘22 we had an extra day in there given the way the FBA holidays fell. So we were actually up a couple of percent in the fourth quarter of ‘22 over the third quarter of ‘22. And -- but then, of course, in the first quarter of ‘23 is when we really hit what I call rock bottom in terms of demand. And as I said, so we're up just in a couple of quarters, 8%, and we look at that number going up again in the fourth quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. Okay, thank you. And just on the Jackson project, could you just remind us what the end result is going to be? Is it happening in the fourth quarter and the first quarter? And, okay just color on that would be great?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, no, you know, the work will be done next year, late first quarter into the second quarter. It's a longer outage, but it will be the final phase of the completion work necessary to take care of the big machine. But you're talking about ‘23 additional high-pressure dryer cans, modifying the press section, we’re removing the fourth press, installing the new shoe press, a number of modifications in that regard to enhance the speed, the drying capability. But it's that final phase that gets the productivity up, but also some of the work in the back end of the mill is related to the cost position of the mill. So when this work is done, depending on the demand coming out of that mill, that mill will be, as far as cost competitive position, it will be right in there with the DeRidder and Counce in Valdosta.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And if you just remind, I think it was like a 265,000 ton per year, this part, or correct me what that number was and if there's a way for it to calibrate the amount of cost per ton or whatever the best way to look at it, what you're expecting to achieve with this last phase would be helpful too?
Mark Kowlzan: You know, I'm not going to answer that right now, because I don't want to say the wrong thing. I'm going to let Bob, if he recalls, but at the end of the day, the machine, you know, if you think about where we've been running the machine on a daily basis, you know, the machine's been flexing anywhere from 1,200 tons a day to 1,800 tons a day, depending on what we needed. But when we're done with this project, the capability of that machine will be well over 2,000 tons a day. The target is 2,400 tons a day when we're done with this. So if you use a 352 day a year, you'll get your annual tons.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, and the improvement from where we are today versus where we will be when we hit that run rate after the completion of the second phase, it's close to $40 a ton. That benefit coming from most of your direct variable type costs and you're getting all this additional volume with no increases in your, obviously indirect costs or any fixed costs. So you get a nice, huge benefit once this project is completed.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And so we can just take the 2,400 times 350 or whatever, or 360.
Mark Kowlzan: Just for simple math, you can, whether you use 2,000 or 2,200, but the ultimate goal between myself and some of the people around me is that machine will be a 2,400 ton a day machine someday when we're done fine tuning it. But it would be -- to my knowledge, it would be the most productive, low-cost, linerboard machine in the Western Hemisphere.
Mark Weintraub: Super. One last quick one. I'm curious, was mix much of a factor in terms of the 133, I guess, is 112 domestic. But was mix much of a factor in the corrugated? Or was that just mostly price?
Tom Hassfurther: No. Mix is a big factor in there, both in end uses and in basis weights. So it's there's a heck of a lot that goes into what the final pricing is. And as I mentioned last time, and I'll just mention it again, building products, that's still -- that segment, which is a good segment for us, still remains underwater as housing starts have been affected by higher interest rates. The graphics mix and the effect of what's going on and the changes that are taking place in brick-and-mortar stores, that's been impacted. And of course, our automotive segment with the UAW strike is now really starting to get impacted. Now all of those segments tend to be on the higher price side. However, we've got a lot of other segments that are doing quite well. And we're -- and we've been -- and we haven't been impacted much at all other than what you've seen in the publications in terms of price.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, super. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Roxland: Thank you, Mark, and Bob for taking my questions. Congrats on another solid quarter despite tough environment.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Roxland: Just kind of a little bit more -- I wonder if you could provide a little more color just about the cadence of shipments during the quarter. Just a little more color on laboring upon, I should say. Some of the different end markets, some good color before on the prior question on building products in the automotive segment, but anything you could provide as to you maybe some the cadence during the quarter? And what end markets really showed some significant growth as the quarter progressed?
Tom Hassfurther: End markets. And then when things started picking up. Yes, yes. Okay, well. Mike, I kind of -- I think, I got most of what you're asking here, but outside of those markets that I mentioned, one other market that I had mentioned prior was the ag business and told you that we had a lot of headwinds in ag, especially weather-related, those have pretty much dissipated, and we're looking for a very good ag season coming up, so that's going to be a lift. Of course, e-com has continues to kind of take a little bit of a larger share of the corrugated business, and that looks very good. And in general, I mean, we're selling a lot of food and beverage and all sorts of other segments. And those segments either remain very steady or have look good going forward. And I think the best news is it's becoming more predictable now given the fact that we've gotten all of this inventory and destocking out of the way, and our customers are operating quite lean at the moment. And so it's a lot easier to predict what's happening in a number of these segments. I hope that answers your question.
Mike Roxland: It does. Very helpful. Thank you. And as you think about bringing back Wallula, can you talk about any headwinds that any of your other mills might face? I recall that last quarter, you mentioned -- now because of Wallula being down, you were able to optimize production at your remaining mills achieving $150 per ton benefit. So any headwinds that you could expect or anticipate or your other mills once fully up and running?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, no, again, currently, because of the inventory situation, we'll have to run the entire mill system to capacity. And so the six mills that ran during the third quarter, we'll have to continue running full out, and then Wallula number three, we'll have to come up and perform equally as efficiently.
Mike Roxland: One final question, I guess, squeezing in here. Mark, can you help us think about how you're thinking of growing the business once you're past the phase, the conversion of number three in Jackson next year, where does growth come from mix? Is the conversion of I Falls, the resumption of M&A? How should we think about you growing the business, let's say, post 2024.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you look at over the decades, we've always grown with our customers. And we still have the most diverse, broad book of business nationwide with local accounts and we'll continue to grow with those accounts and help enhance their business. And so that's where a lot of the opportunity always comes from. Tom, do you want to elaborate on that?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think in addition, I think that as I mentioned, these segments that are down, those segments are going to come back. So they're going to show back up. And we'll continue to -- what we think is operate, you know, demonstrate the best value in the marketplace to an entire customer base and be able to grow our business accordingly as well. So we'll -- we're constantly looking outward to see what's possible and what those demands look like and working very closely with our customers, and we want to make sure we're well aligned. That's what's driving the whole Wallula project at the moment.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thank you very much and good luck for the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. This is [Alex] (ph) on for Gabe. Thanks for taking my question. So just thinking about the inventory level, can you maybe just kind of comment on what your targeted inventory looks like for year-end or when thinking about the Jackson outage.
Mark Kowlzan: We never give absolute numbers, but I can tell you, when we started out the third quarter, we -- the targets we had in mind, we far under -- we were dramatically lower than what our goals were for the ending inventory, and that's a positive situation to be in especially when we have the opportunity to get Wallula started back up and satisfy that demand. But we have a number in mind and what will influence that number, of course, is the shutdown schedule we have in plans for the Jackson conversion and then the other annual shutdowns that will take place in the first six months of the year in the rest of the containerboard system. And so the -- without giving you an absolute number, we have some work to do to get our inventory up where it needs to be get us into the new year and then get us through the first six months of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And just thinking about Wallula. Is there anything -- does anything change with the cost structure that we see, [Indiscernible] of as the mill restarts in variable or fixed?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, Wallula, it's no surprise, is our higher cost mill because of the fiber basket and the energy situation in the Pacific Northwest. But it remains a critical mill to us because of the local with our Pacific Northwest box plants. And so in that regard, the cost position won't change. We're taking advantage of running the big machine. We don't currently need the number two machine running, but that could change. So again, we will run to demand. we will satisfy what we need. Tom, do you want to add?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. I would just add that with Wallula mill operating in a very large market for us, it certainly gives us a lot more flexibility in a box plant to react and respond quicker to the marketplace as that continues to rebound. And of course, that's heavy ag up there as well. So this will be -- this will give us some advantage in terms of flexibility in that marketplace.
Bob Mundy: Yes. Alex, I'll just add that when we bring Wallula back on in the fourth quarter, again, we're doing our comparisons to the third. As Mark said, it is our highest cost mill. And we are -- as we get things ready so that we can restart the machine the first of November, we have been incurring labor costs and other things, obviously, with no production. So -- but there are no significant cash cost to restart. There may be some non-cash, some raw material write-off type obsolescence type things, but nothing significant there. But it does, if you're comparing to the third quarter, it accounts for -- as far as our cost increase, if you look at our operating costs, it's almost half of the increase is just coming from restarting Wallula and bringing those costs back online.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Okay. That's good. And I guess, my last question is just thinking about 2024, maybe can you just kind of maybe frame how you're thinking about ’24, I understand we still have another quarter to-date, but just for the high levels of percentages, how you are thinking about '24? Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, just on a macro level, we're going to continue to do what we do run to demand. But the other thing is if I were an investor, which I am, but I would be looking at this on how we use our cash and where we're deploying cash. And we talked about this a little bit at the July call for next year, and we would anticipate the capital spending discipline to continue in the trend that it's been, we'll be in that $400 million level this year and plans call for next year to continue that pace of capital deployment, which if you then think about the excess cash being generated, where that goes. There are other opportunities to take advantage of that and bring value to the shareholders. And so we'll, again, continue to take advantage of the benefits of all the capital spending that we've been bringing to bear, get Jackson completed and then continue to look at more opportunities and execute and work with our customer base and taking care of our customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Okay, I’ll turn it over. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Alright. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: We've seen a large amount of new recycled capacity being added to the market this year. I guess some integrated, some nonintegrated. And I just had two questions. I guess, first, could you talk about the impact on the market that you've seen or maybe haven't seen? And then second, maybe for more a big picture perspective, how should we think about PCA's mix? Historically, you've been a virgin board producer. Are there some opportunities to add recycled capacity? I guess, what we look and process OCC? Or do you still see Virgin playing this kind of unique role in the U.S. market? How do you think about that maybe over the next decade?
Mark Kowlzan: We've always been primarily a virgin linerboard medium producer, we have the capability of flexing a number of our mills. I think most people understand that we've invested heavily over the last decade. And in these conversion opportunities, DeRidder, Wallula, now the Jackson mill, Counce, the Northern Mills all have recycled capacity. But again, we're not going to put all our eggs in one basket and go all into recycle. We take advantage of it. And it does give us some opportunity to flex the fiber cost and time of year and availability. But again, I think -- if you look at us 10-years from now, we'll still look the same that we do today in terms of our fiber balance. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, the impact in the marketplace of the -- let's say, the one-offs, even having some integration in some of these mills is bearing out exactly like I had told you it would, with the very limited open market, we have seen virtually no impact at all from these mills. They're going to have to find a home somewhere else. Now the ones that are integrated and we'll be running to demand, I'm sure, and they're not even attempting to sell into the open market. Those that are the one-offs might attempt to sell into the open market. But again, it's -- we're finding that our domestic customers want to stick with PCA for the fact that we've got a great quality linerboard and medium. And we take care of our customers. Our service is very good. And they've shown absolutely zero interest in moving to any other supplier. And I think that's probably true across the board. So that -- hopefully, that answers that. And just to tag on with what Mark was saying, we value our fiber flexibility, and I can tell you that our mills if you go back -- you can go back in history and find PCA was a heavyweight mill system, and we've completely adapted to whatever the market is today. And we've got this ability to basically tailor our liners to whatever the needs of our customers are, and that's a huge competitive advantage we have.
Mark Kowlzan: One of the factors, if you think about recycled versus virgin fiber, virgin fiber prices and input costs, conversion costs have been very stable over the decades, relatively speaking, if you're solely dependent on OCC, DLK, the price and cost input swings have been wild high, low, high, low. And so trying to anticipate what your conversion cost is not a good place to be if you're 100% recycled. So we like where we are. We will continue with this model.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
John Dunigan: Good morning. Mark, Bob, Tom. This is John diving on for Phil. I wanted to start off with the implied 4Q guide box shipments. I mean, I know you said so far, bookings are up 14%, but bookings aren't actually billed. So if I'm just reading your press release being up on a per day basis in 4Q quarter-over-quarter on the shipping day. It seems to imply that 4Q, at least for the guide is up about 14.5% or so, 15%. Is that the right way to think about it? Any kind of extra color you could give on that?
Tom Hassfurther: No, that's not the right way to think about it, Phil. But I'm going to turn it over to Bob and see if he can walk you through this just a little bit, maybe if you calibrated.
Bob Mundy: Well, I'm not sure I can, Tom. No, Phil. That’s -- I’m not sure maybe we'd talk afterwards, but it's not sure how you're arriving at that certainly from anything that we said we put out. But that obviously would be a tremendous thing if that were to happen, but I just don't see how you're getting there. Maybe if you could just talk off-line.
John Dunigan: Sounds good. And then just in terms of expectations going to the fourth quarter, obviously, it sounds like things are -- even if not mid-teens, they're still going pretty good and get more visibility. It seems a little bit in contrast to what [Indiscernible] said with just generally expectations for softer holiday demand. And I know it's customer-by-customer, and they're obviously not serving the whole market. But are you seeing the holiday demand here in the fourth quarter actually coming through pretty good?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. I would say the holiday demand is going to be strong, yes.
John Dunigan: Great. And just one last quick clarification. The 174,000 tons of economic downtime that you called out, was that just for Wallula or the whole company is incorporated to that for the economic downtime?
Mark Kowlzan: That was the Wallula downtime.
John Dunigan: Okay. All right. Appreciate it. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Thank you, next question. Jamie, anybody left on the queue? I guess we will conclude. I think we've lost our moderator on the call, but for those of you that joined us today, I want to thank you for taking the time, and I look forward to having you join us at the end of January for our full-year and fourth quarter call. With that, have a good day. Take care.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I'd now like to turn the floor over to Mr. Kowlzan. Sir, please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results, and then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details. I'll then wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $203 million, or $2.24 per share. Excluding special items, second quarter 2023 net income was $209 million, or $2.31 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2022 net income of $304 million, or $3.23 per share. Second quarter net sales were $2 billion in 2023 and $2.2 billion in 2022. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter, excluding special items, was $418 million in 2023 and $533 million in 2022. Second quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.07 per share for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper-to-containerboard conversion related activities and closure costs related to corrugated products facilities and design centers. Details of special items for both the second quarter of 2023 and 2022 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding special items, the $0.92 per share decrease in second quarter 2023 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2022 was driven primarily by lower volumes in the Packaging segment for $0.90 and Paper segment $0.07. Lower price and mix in the Packaging segment of $0.47 and higher depreciation expense, $0.09, and higher other converting costs, $0.03. These items were partially offset by lower operating costs of $0.34, primarily driven by lower fiber, energy and chemical costs. We also had higher prices and mix in the Paper segment for $0.12, a lower share count resulting from the share repurchase in the second half of 2022 for $0.13; lower scheduled maintenance outage expenses for $0.03 and a lower tax rate for $0.02. The results were $0.35 above the second quarter guidance of $1.96 per share, primarily due to lower operating costs resulting from efficiency and usage initiatives and lower freight and logistics expenses. Looking at our Packaging business. EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter of 2023 of $405 million with sales of $1.8 billion resulted in a margin of 23% versus last year's EBITDA of $525 million and sales of $2.1 billion or a 25% EBITDA margin. Demand in the Packaging segment was about where we expected for the quarter, and Tom will discuss this further in a moment. As they did in the first quarter, our employees remain focused on very efficient and cost-effective operations as we balanced our supply according to the demand, or said another way we are extremely effective at managing what is in our control. In our mills, this included things like improving our wood yields, producing board closer to nominal basis weights, reducing fiber and chemical usage and running our pulp mills more efficiently, increasing our internal energy generation while also reducing our energy consumption and executing our planned maintenance outages for less cost than we had estimated. Also at our mills and including our corrugated facilities, we closely monitored headcount and overtime as well as usage of materials and supplies in addition to other discretionary spending items. In addition, our mills and plants, together with our logistics and distribution personnel worked effectively to minimize the negative impacts from rail rate increases at certain locations and changes in the mix of shipping locations as we ran our system to demand. Finally, as you know, we temporarily curtailed operations at our Wallula, Washington mill once we exited the planned maintenance outage early in the quarter. This was not a reaction to any change in our views on demand, but rather our thoughtful approach to manage containerboard supply as economically as possible. The mill remains temporarily curtailed and we will continue to monitor any potential changes to this strategy along with our outlook for demand during the second half of the year. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Total prices and mix in the Packaging segment came in where we anticipated with domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together $0.32 per share below the second quarter of 2022 and also $0.32 per share below the first quarter of 2023. Export containerboard prices were down $0.15 per share versus last year's second quarter and down $0.07 per share compared to the first quarter of 2023. As Mark indicated, Packaging segment volume for the quarter also came in where we expected. Corrugated product shipments were down 9.8% in total and per workday compared to last year's second quarter. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 62,000 tons below last year's second quarter and 33,000 tons above the first quarter of 2023. With last year's box volume tying our shipments per workday second quarter record we knew this will be a tough comparison period. As we said on last quarter's call, the same variables that have impacted demand, the last few quarters would continue into the second quarter. The shift of consumer buying preferences more towards service-oriented spending, persistent inflation and higher interest rates continue to negatively impact consumers' purchases of both durable and nondurable goods. Inventory destocking, both in boxes and at our customers' products also continued to varying degrees across our customer bases and the manufacturing index has remained in contraction territory for eight months in a row now. However, as we talked about last quarter, we expected some improvement relative to the inventory destocking of both customer product and boxes as well as improvements based on certain customers' feedback regarding their business and that is what helped the second quarter shipments improved almost 3% compared to the first quarter. We expect continued positive momentum this quarter, although there is one less work day compared to the second quarter. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the second quarter was $39 million with sales of $143 million for a 27% margin compared to the second quarter of 2022 EBITDA of $32 million and sales of $150 million, or 21% margin. Paper prices and mix were 12% higher than last year's second quarter and less than 1% below the first quarter of 2023. Paper demand remains soft with our sales volume just over 14% below last year's second quarter, which also included some sales from our Jackson, Alabama mill, where there was no volume in this year's second quarter. We ran our International Falls mill to match supply with demand as well as to build some additional inventory during the quarter to prepare for the nine-day planned outage – maintenance outage that's coming up this third quarter. Similar to the comments I made regarding the Packaging business and for many of the same categories, employees in our Paper business remained focused on efficient and cost-effective operations as they also balance supply according to demand and delivered outstanding margins for the quarter. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. For the quarter, we generated new second quarter records for cash from operations of $360 million as well as free cash flow of $233 million. Key cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $126 million, common stock dividends of $112 million, cash taxes of $83 million, and net interest payments of $30 million. We ended the quarter with $630 million of marketable securities and cash on hand with liquidity of almost $1 billion. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the second and into the third quarter, in our Packaging segment, although there is one less shipping day for the corrugated business, we expect shipments per day to improve versus the second quarter. However, prices will be lower as a result of previously published domestic containerboard price decreases along with slightly lower export prices. We expect seasonally stronger volumes in our Paper segment from back-to-school shipments, although prices are expected to trend lower based on the recent declines in index prices. Operating converting costs should trend slightly higher, primarily due to higher recycled fiber prices and seasonal energy cost. Scheduled outage expenses will be higher by approximately $0.06 per share, driven by the scheduled maintenance outage at International Falls, Minnesota. Finally, we estimate that our depreciation expense and tax rate to be slightly higher as well. Considering these items, we expect the third quarter earnings of $1.88 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. Statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company. And involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K and on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the operating performance in the quarter. Mark, Bob, Tom, my first question, the excellent from our vantage point operating performance in 2Q, I guess, the $0.34 or so and lower operating costs. How much of that is embedded in your third quarter guidance? Is there any chance within reasonable probabilities that you could – given all the efforts that your employees have underway, find further efficiencies and benefits such that there might be some upside tilt to your guidance. So have us think about how operations might be able to benefit? And what's baked into your third quarter guidance?
Mark Kowlzan: George, as we always do, we continue to focus on 365 days a year, continuous improvement, operational excellence. One thing we commented on last year as we were moving into 2023 and we are winding down a lot of the major capital projects, we're going to take the approximately 150 engineers and technology personnel in our corporate technology group and really let them focus now on unit operations optimization and really work with the box plants and mills on a lot of the new equipment, quite frankly, that have been installed in the last couple of years, but really take that to a new level of performance and execution. And that's paid off for us this year, as you can see. So my answer is we will continue in that effort. Nothing is guaranteed, but we do obviously perform quite well in general. And I would expect to see similar results going forward. Tom, Bob from your perspective.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, it's – this is Bob. George, I'll say that from the operating cost perspective, we'll hold on to really the performance we had in the second quarter. If you just assume that that production volume in the mills is similar to the second, maybe up a little bit, we'll see. Yet, we think our cost per ton stays relatively flat. So to be able to hold on to that even though we know OCC prices will be higher, if you just take the average, they moved up from the end of the second quarter and just supply that across the third quarter, they're up like 12% or 14%. So we'll overcome that plus we have the seasonal electricity rates that hits you as well as some seasonal usage items. So in effect, we'll pretty much be offsetting that by continuing the excellent operating cost performance in the mills and the box plants.
Mark Kowlzan: Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: George this is Tom, I would just add one last thing. It's very obvious that a lot of this – a lot of this extensive groundwork has taken place and as our volume increase is going forward we're going to be able to take advantage of this cost position we're in. And it will be quite dramatic, I think, going forward as the business conditions change and get more positive.
George Staphos: Okay. Very, very helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: George let me just…
George Staphos: Please go ahead Mark. 
Mark Kowlzan: George let me add one thing. If you looked at our quarter and you looked at month by month, we were running in not just one mill, but most of the mill system, we were pushing 99% uptime efficiency, operational efficiency in our mills. I mean, that's unheard of in the industry. Month of June, we had most of the mills in that category, and we had we had one mill in particular that was like basically 99.99% uptime efficient. It had no paper breaks. And so, we're in a level now, it's obviously not many of our competitors are there, but that's what we strive to do every day and make it better and better. And so I'm confident we'll continue to see good results.
George Staphos: It's a great rundown and obviously something we'll all try to continue to remember going forward. Two last ones for me, and I'll turn it over to some degree, kind of the obligatory, when we think about the 2Q index pricing changes, roughly, roughly, how much of that is baked into your third quarter guidance percentage wise and what would be left in fourth quarter? And then, Tom or Bob or Mark, back to the closures that you mentioned in corrugated and the design centers, I mean, it's kind of self-explanatory, but what was, if there was a common denominator, what were you looking to achieve with whatever reconfiguration you were doing? Thank you guys.
Tom Hassfurther: George, I will take the closure piece and then I'll turn it over to Bob and he can comment on the pricing changes going forward. But on the closure side, listen we have continuously tried to make sure that we're right sized for the business and that we have very efficient operating methods. And part of our whole capital investment has been around making sure that we're as efficient as we possibly can in the plants that make the most sense. So, that's been an ongoing process. This is nothing really new, we're just announcing it because it took place in the quarter. But this is small facilities and its consolidation and some things like that. So, it's kind of more the normal course of business for us. Bob?
Bob Mundy: Yes, George, regarding the price, I guess a way to think about it is in the first quarter there were two drops in prices that occurred during the quarter on the benchmark grade for $30 a ton. And then the second – and – the impact of that is, as we say, it pretty much runs through over a 90-day period. So, the bulk of that was reflected in our second quarter numbers. So, if you think about what occurred in the second quarter where there was a $20 drop and you sort of ratio that with what happened in the first with the $30 drop, you can sort of get the impact of price in the third quarter. Does that make sense?
George Staphos: Yes, I guess so. I mean, I guess what I would ask is just how much again, not trying to be too precise, I know you can't be, how much of a residual would be left of that in for the fourth quarter, 5%, 30%?
Bob Mundy: For the fourth quarter most of it will be from the latest drop will be in the third.
George Staphos: Okay.
Bob Mundy: And the impact will be, like I said, if you sort of compare that to what happened in the first, we gave you the impact of…
George Staphos: Yes.
Bob Mundy: I mean, yes, in the second quarter. And then, so in the – you would think – if no other changes, the fourth should be – you shouldn't see much of an impact if things sort of hang out where they are right now.
George Staphos: That's perfect. Thank you, Bob. I'll turn it over.
Bob Mundy: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, second quarter record cash flow from operations pretty interesting in this challenging environment. And one of the things obviously is your CapEx has been coming down after all those big projects. Can you sort of just update us on where your thoughts for CapEx for this year and preliminarily if the environment remains challenging what type of CapEx you might bracket for next year?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark over a year ago actually we started getting people thinking about the fact that the heavy projects were winding up, the big projects that we had been involved in over the last ten years were really coming to fruition. And that 2023 would be a year that we wound that capital down in the $400 million range, last year we were $824 million of capital spending. And we would – again we alerted everybody that this year would be in that $400 million level, and that's where we are. I fully expect us to finish the year somewhere in that $400 million area. And then we're already talking about the 2024 capital spending plan. And looking at our needs and the opportunities, we feel comfortable right now that the number will continue to be in that $400 million area unless some opportunity came along that was so outstanding that we felt compelled that we wanted to direct our capital into that opportunity. So, we have that luxury right now. But I think for the benefit of running the business on certain times we're in $400 million range is a good range to be in, and it supports business improvement opportunities along with maintenance capital spending within the mills and box plants.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And even at the $400 million do you still have runway? I think you are referencing to still get some of these operating improvements that we've been seeing in the last couple of quarters or does that start running out pretty quickly if the CapEx doesn't go higher?
Mark Kowlzan : No, that's the beauty of it. We're continuing to execute every week on a number of opportunities within the box plants, new equipment installations, new equipment – significant rebuilds modifications on a lot of the production lines. So, this is not stopping. The mills, as we talked about, we wound up most of the big work at Wallula mill last year and the woodyard work in the OCC plant, Jackson, Alabama, most of that work has wound up, we're just waiting for the opportunity to move into the final phase of the number three machine at Jackson. But again, we can do all of that and still keep the capital spending in this $400 million range. That provides us an opportunity to really just move forward as we look at what these – whether it's a customer-driven opportunity, or a cost take out efficiency, energy efficiency, labor efficiency, we continue to see those opportunities. And where we are right now like I say, barring some big one-off opportunity, some $400 million number keeps us moving forward with taking advantage of this. Bob?
Bob Mundy: Just one other thing, Mark, is a lot of the operating cost improvement and things that you're seeing it's not necessarily capital related, it's just doing things within the process, watching usage, watching your routines, behaviors, practices, improving upon where you've been before and a lot of that is not capital driven, it's just there is a huge benefit of our operating costs is managed just by those things as well. Mark, over the last few years, we were doing hundreds of projects in our box plants and mills on an annual basis. Granted a lot of them are smaller projects, but literally we had our entire workforce moving to make improvements in hundreds and hundreds of areas every year. And now that we've been able to slow this process down, we're able to take advantage of that. And now the personnel can really take a much closer look and a deeper dive in how is that equipment running. And from a unit operations effectiveness and efficiency the operating personnel at the plants and the mills, the technology organization, are now really stepping back and looking at all of the new converting lines, the projects at the mills and really assessing are these projects doing what we expected them to do and if not, how do we make it do what we expect it to do? And if they are optimizing and fine tuning and the benefits are what we've seen in the second quarter is a great example. And we'll continue to do that,
Mark Weintraub: Appreciate that. And I say it's certainly showing. So, just one, if I could go back to the bridge from the second to third quarter, make sure that I understood. I mean, it sounded like there wasn't going to be any negative pickup in operating costs. And I guess you alluded to like a $0.06 increase in maintenance outages. And so if we look at the $2.31 and we go to a $1.88 that would seem to be like a $0.37 other if we take off the $0.06 for the maintenance. Is that primarily impact from price or are there other variables to be conscious of when doing that bridge? Because it seems kind of high on – for a price number.
Bob Mundy: Yes. I think you are pretty close, Mark if you looked at those two items on the – well just look at the price and the outages maybe a little bit different than what you were saying, but there is almost probably 90% of the delta right there. And then on the operating call side, if you take in some of the other things that to offset the higher recycle fiber prices and the energy costs that we spoke of, it's, hopefully will be pretty close to a push. And so what you're left with are just a couple of cents here and there. We talked about depreciation, we put that in our release, and that just has to do higher depreciation from the second quarter, just has to do with the timing of placing our assets in service based from our capital spending program. And we had some benefits in the second quarter that won't repeat in the third. On the tax side, there were just some favorable tax items from the vesting of stock and performance units, as well as some state tax law changes that gave us a benefit that don't repeat themselves. So, those are the other few items that get used to that 40 – $0.43 change.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Bob Mundy: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Alex [ph] on for Gabe. Thanks for taking the question here. I was hoping you could give me some color on the bookings in July and maybe how this is trending compared to January and May? And just thinking about the Q3 volume pickup I was wondering if you can help parse out how much of that is seasonality and demand – underlying demand? Thanks.
Tom Hassfurther: Okay, Alex [ph] this is Tom. Our bookings for July we’re about halfway through the month is very robust up 15%, which is great good start to the quarter. The other thing that we're seeing is, I think, that's pretty important and I want to point out is that a lot of our customers are telling us that some of this destocking is now over with their products. And that's very important. So, hopefully that will translate throughout the quarter and certainly going into the fourth quarter for some volume that is, what I would call, more predictable. We still do – I'll just go ahead and point this out right now we do have some challenging segments still that we're dealing with which indicates some of our decline in volume. The ag business, Florida had the worst citrus season they have had since the 30s or 40s. We had hurricanes down there, which completely wiped out some of the tomatoes and all the strawberries for a cycle. We've had flooding in Northern California, which has caused a lot of problems. They it's a – feast or famine there and I guess in terms of moisture, but – and then in Eastern Washington also they had some pretty serious droughts. So that, that segment has been – has been a drag on us. The building product segment was booming during COVID with a lot of remodeling going on and all those sorts of things. And that slowed down dramatically, and now because of high interest rates it's really slowed down housing starts. So that's been a – that's been a drag on us as well as single use plastic products manufacturers. So those are the – those are the segments that have – that have impacted us on a negative point. The ag will recover for sure. The e-com and the food and beverage, those – those segments have held up significantly better. But I think the – I think the key takeaway here going into the second half of the year is the fact that a lot of this destocking has now finally taken place and I think we'll have more predictability going forward relative to volume.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Okay. And I guess as a follow up question; I'm just curious on your cost focus side, can you maybe talk about which side of the costs are still being pressured and maybe some cost buckets that are kind of coming down there?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, again you're always concerned about fiber costs and energy transportation especially on the rail, rail rates continue to move up. So it's – it's, and then as we go through the third into the fourth we'll be getting into the seasonal cooler months and, and energy usage along with – with cost pressure from that usage. So as wood cost is always a factor depending on weather conditions, so it's a continuing whole host of all your input and what's happening at any given time.
Unidentified Analyst: Nice. Okay. Yes, I turn it over. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
John Dunigan: Good morning, Mark, Bob, Tom. This is John Dunigan on for Phil. I just, I wanted to start off around the box shipment, I mean, you guys have lagged the last few quarters from the overall market, which is generally surprising given your solid track record. Would you consider that more of a factor of the local customers and them feeling more of the pinch that you've kind of called out prior? Or is it you're maybe seeing a little bit more pressure from customers on pricing and, and you're walking away from some of that business?
Tom Hassfurther: John, this is Tom, I'll take this one. I would say that there are a couple of reasons why our numbers look like they do. Number one is we had unbelievably tough comps from a year ago. And if you go back, I mean, we were significantly higher than the industry even, even much than our normal trend. And I think that's because as I mentioned even back then, the wide segment of business and wide swath of different businesses whether they're local, national or what segments they're in all were up significantly during the COVID period. And as I just mentioned a while ago a number of those have come down significantly. And I'm talking – when I say significant, we haven't lost any – we haven't lost any of these customers, but we have some that are down 50-plus percent still at this rate just because there was so much demand during COVID and that demand has shrunk so significantly. So those are the – those to me are the main reasons why – why it looks as if we're lagging the industry probably more so than, and the numbers look so much different than they – than they have in the past.
John Dunigan: Okay. That's helpful. And just with the pricing that we've seen already come out, so they already realized $90 per ton on the containerboard side. Are you seeing prices erode maybe a little bit quicker on the box side? Or are these seem generally in line with historical trend?
Tom Hassfurther: I'll be – I got to temper this a little bit in terms of discussing this. But what we're seeing is no, I would say no way is, is box – is the box trend worse than the linerboard medium trend. In fact, I would even say that our observations and what we've heard from our customers they've been quite surprised that of any linerboard medium reductions that have taken place. And I would say on the box side, it's very much the same thing.
John Dunigan: Okay. That's very helpful. And if I could just squeeze one more in, did the box demand progression in the second quarter seem to get worse from what you had called out month-to-date on the last earnings call through the rest of the quarter? Could you kind of just give us a breakdown of maybe what you were seeing during the quarter and then if things had weakened was there any material economic downtime that you guys took to kind of help offset that?
Bob Mundy: Our volume was pretty much what we expected it to be with which was slightly improving in June, quite frankly was very strong. So we felt pretty good as, as the quarter moved – moved through the months, and again we saw that in June and we're continuing to see that in July. So I'm not sure...
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I would just – I would just add that. I would just add that. We were up about 3% Q2-over-Q1 and the trend line continues to look quite favorable. So we'll – and the beauty of – the beauty of what we've done and what we talked about on the operating side is that we can flex now however we need to and to whatever the demands are and do it very cost effectively.
Bob Mundy: And I'll just add that the economic downtime was pretty much what we had anticipated it to be. So there was no – no change there from what we were assuming.
John Dunigan: Does that mean essentially flat in terms of a ton percentage quarter-over-quarter?
Bob Mundy: On a per ton – on a per day basis it's up.
John Dunigan: Yes.
Bob Mundy: It's up. So I think Tom made some comments about what he's seeing as far as trends now and so forth. So hopefully that that means from on a total basis, even though there's one less day that, that could be something that some tailwind there that hopefully we can – we can realize in our numbers.
John Dunigan: Apologies. To clarify what I meant was the, the economic downtime on a tons basis. You were saying there wasn't any change from...
Bob Mundy: Well, again we'll – we'll have to see. That's – that's always a moving target, but I would say in total, because we do have less scheduled outages as far from a ton perspective. So we get tons back from that in the third versus the second. There's an additional day of in the mill so you get another day there, so there's another 15,000 tons or so. So, and we'll just manage the, the economic downtime commiserate with that pickup that we're seeing from the second quarter.
John Dunigan: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Tom, just following up on the July trends that you discussed, the 15% – up 15% is that month-over-month or year-over-year? And then you talked about destocking maybe kind of running its course or maybe being closer to the end. In terms of your own inventories, I mean, you talked about inventories down 11,000 tons from 1Q. Just wondering where your inventories are broadly kind of relative to target levels or comfort levels? Yes, those are my questions.
Tom Hassfurther: Okay, Anthony, relative to the July trends, let's, the one thing we've typically started out most quarters up quite a bit year-over-year. And that no different – no different this quarter but there's – there's a little more predictability in these numbers than what we've had in the past. And I'm seeing – I'm seeing our customer's trends of order patterns starting to come more in line with where they had been prior to all this destocking and this big change from after COVID. So that's – that's the best I can tell you about the July trends. I'm feeling better about these trends than, than in the past. And these numbers up and don't forget, I mean, when its bookings, you're talking about not just in the month of July, you're talking about August, September kind of out through the quarter. And so but – but again these – these patterns seem to be – seem to be much more predictable. Relative to the – relative to the inventories we didn't talk about export. Export's still a moving target and it's – it's certainly something that we're trying to get our arms around and it – and it seems to change almost on a daily basis in this – in this global demand. So I think we feel comfortable with where inventories are and, but again we've got the ability to flex some depending on – depending on what the demand curves are.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And the 15%, it was year-over-year not month-over-month?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Yes.
Anthony Pettinari: Great. And then I guess is there any way to frame kind of the financial impact of the Wallula curtailment and understanding this is in line with matching supply to demand. Any kind of just broader thoughts on that decision as we go through the year?
Mark Kowlzan: As we were running through the first quarter and into the second quarter, we were running the mills in many cases slowed back and just kind of throttling our way through demand. As we got into the springtime and we had our outages taking place, we were into the Wallula outage and we didn't see the improvement at that time back in April with demand. And so we quickly reassessed our position and realized that it was far better to take the six mills that we currently have running and run them very, very efficiently. And then in order to do that, you had to take Wallula and keep it down. So we were – we had Wallula down for the annual outage. So we finished that work and, and decided to just temporarily idle that mill for the time being as, as we watched the demand situation. But by doing that, it allowed us to take the six other containerboard mills and really optimize them and speed them up to the optimum point on their production curve and take advantage of that, and that's another part of the benefit we saw in the second quarter earnings.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Anthony...
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's...
Tom Hassfurther: And just for the – to frame it up a little, it's more – it's that you take out the highest cost mill in our system and, and then you run your lower cost mills more, more full out. Even though there is a freight penalty from Wallula, the lowest cost from a freight perspective because of where it ships to. And so you will, do have a freight penalty by operating that way, but it's probably close to $15 a ton of benefit operating that way versus if we had tried to manage it across the entire system rather than isolating Wallula.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that it's showing no additional questions. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Kowlzan for any closing remarks.
Mark Kowlzan: Again thank you for joining us today on the call, and look forward to talking to you when we wrap up our third quarter and have our call in October. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll be wrapping up today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results. And then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob will provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up, and we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $190 million or $2.11 per share. Excluding special items, first quarter 2023, net income was $198 million or $2.20 per share compared to the first quarter of 2022 net income of $256 million or $2.72 per share. First quarter net sales were $2 billion in 2023 and $2.1 billion in 2022. The Total company EBITDA for the first quarter, excluding special items, was $405 million in 2023 and $467 million in 2022. The First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.09 per share, primarily; for the closure costs related to corrugated products facilities and design centers. Details of special items for both the first quarter of 2023 and 2022 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.52 per share decrease in first quarter 2023 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2022 was driven primarily by lower volumes in our Packaging segment for $0.95, and Paper segment $0.04. Although recycled fiber costs were lower than last year. Overall operating costs were 27% -- $0.27 higher, primarily due to inflation on chemicals, labor and benefits, supplies, repair materials and services. Energy costs, although trending down, were also higher versus the first quarter of 2022. In addition, we had higher depreciation expense of $0.11, freight and logistics expenses, $0.04; nonoperating pension expenses, $0.04; and higher converting costs, $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment for $0.58 and Paper segment $0.18. A lower share count resulting from share repurchases we made in the second quarter of 2022 for $0.11, lower interest expense, $0.03; lower other expenses for $0.03, lower scheduled maintenance outage expenses for $0.01, and lower tax rate, $0.01. The results were $0.03 below the first quarter guidance of $2.23 and per share, primarily due to the lower volume and lower prices and mix in the Packaging segment. Looking at our Packaging segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter 2023, of $392 million with sales of $1.81 billion resulted in a margin of 21.7% versus last year's EBITDA of $464 million and sales of $1.96 billion or 23.6% margin. Demand in the Packaging segment was well below our expectations for the quarter. Tom will discuss this further in a moment. The mills and corrugated products plants responded to the lower demand by remaining highly focused on efficient and cost-effective operations as we balanced our supply accordingly. Our employees continue to deliver on numerous cost reduction initiatives, efficiency improvements, integration and optimization enhancements and capital project benefits to not only minimize the negative demand impacts on the short term but also to remain in position to capitalize on our longer-term strategic goals. The accomplishments were achieved while building less inventory than we had planned and staying committed to ending the quarter at our targeted weeks of supply inventory. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix were $0.64 per share above the first quarter of 2022 and were down $0.50 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Export Containerboard prices were down $0.06 per share versus last year's first quarter and down $0.04 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Corrugated product shipments were down 12.7% in total and per workday compared to last year's first quarter. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 69,000 tons below last year's first quarter and 33,000 tons above the fourth quarter of 2022. With the first quarter of 2022 setting a shipments per workday record as well as being our all-time record for total shipments, we knew this would be a tough comparison period. However, that being said, the lower demand in our Packaging segment that Mark spoke of was driven by several items, the combined impact of which resulted in our volumes being much lower than we anticipated. As we mentioned on last quarter's earnings call, it was difficult to predict the demand curve given the numerous variables with varying degrees of impact. As noted in our earnings release yesterday, the shift of consumer buying preferences more towards service-oriented spending, persistent inflation and higher interest rates continue to negatively impact consumers' purchases of both durable and nondurable goods. In addition, there is a varying degree of inventory destocking across our customer bases, both in boxes and our customers' products. The inventory destocking situation has been a longer-term issue than we originally anticipated. The manufacturing index has remained in contraction territory for several months now. And as you know, we have a large presence in the ag business in the Pacific Northwest and also down in Florida, where both of these regions have been dealing with significant weather events. As we look to the second quarter, we expect the inventory destocking of both customer product and boxes to be near completion. We expect to see recovery in our ag business and we have received some positive feedback from our customers regarding improvements in their business. Our April volume, as we see it today supports that position. I'd also like to point out that the capital spending and optimization strategy within our box plant system that we have been focused on over the last few years continues to remain one of our top priorities. The current demand trends will not cause us to lose our focus in this area. The investments from this strategy provide the products and service needs that our customers desire and allows them to grow while focusing on the mix of customers, we want to profitably grow our revenues with. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter was $41 million with sales of $151 million or a 27.2% margin, compared to the first quarter of 2022 EBITDA of $29 million and sales of $153 million or an 18.9% margin. Paper prices and mix were 18% higher than last year's first quarter and about 3% above for the fourth quarter of 2022. Sales volume was about 17% below last year's first quarter which included some of the inventory that had been sold from our Jackson Alabama mill and just over 4.5% below the fourth quarter of 2022. The efforts of our employees to optimize the cost structure inventory and product mix in our paper business helped minimize the inflationary cost increases compared to last year and delivered solid returns for the quarter. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. For the first quarter, we generated cash from operations of $280 million and free cash flow of $168 million. Fee cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $112 million and common stock dividends of $112 million. We ended the quarter with $520 million of cash on hand, including marketable securities. I want to update you on a revision to the scheduled mill maintenance outage guidance we provided on last quarter's call. Current plans and the scope of work for the scheduled maintenance outages at our containerboard mills has changed, resulting in a revised total company estimated cost impact for the year of $0.75 per share versus the $0.67 per share we mentioned previously. The actual impact in the first quarter was $0.13 per share. And the revised estimate impact by quarter for the remainder of the year is now $0.18 per share in the second quarter, $0.24 in the third and $0.20 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the first and into the second quarter, although there is one less shipping day for the corrugated business, we expect improved volume in our Packaging segment. However, prices will be lower as a result of the previously published domestic containerboard price decreases along with lower export prices. Sales volume as well as prices and mix in the Paper segment are assumed to be slightly lower based on lower demand. Although we do look for most operating costs to trend lower, our converting costs, scheduled maintenance outage expense and depreciation expense will be higher, primarily due to recent increases in contract rail rates at most of our mills, we expect higher freight and logistics expenses compared to the first quarter. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of $1.96 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Thanks for the details. Mark, a question for you. Normally 2Q is up sequentially from 1Q. And when we look back historically over time, the only time that we saw a down 2Q, if we're correct, was the COVID second quarter, even if we went back to the, the great recession in '08 and '09, you had up 2Q versus 1Q. As you sit here today and if you're in our seat, what is the biggest driver of the drop off 2Q versus 1Q. Is it the timing effect on the pricing and just how that's flowing through? Or is it the demand affect the continued demand effect being worse than expected. If you could give us some qualitative comments on that, that would be helpful. And then a couple of follow-ons.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, George, let me start that out. I think, again, if you look at the November, December and February, price decreases, and how they've rolled in.  I think in the past 20-plus years, we only had 1 or 2 incidents of this kind of timing of price decreases. But Bob can give you some real detailed color on how that's impacting, but that's pretty much what's happening.
Robert Mundy: You're right, Mark. And in the magnitude, that $70, George, the timing of that, as you look at going from 1Q to 2Q, it's just -- that's unprecedented in the company's history. And we mentioned on last quarter's call that the vast majority of those price declines would show up in the second quarter. And that's exactly what's happening. So it's sort of an unprecedented drop in price just based on the timing of the published decreases is really what's driving that. And that's pretty much the answer.
George Staphos: Understood. And I appreciate the color there. Could you give us a sense for how much demand might have been off relative to your prior expectations and what the bookings and billings look like early in 2Q?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Tom, why don't you go ahead and take a...
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, George. Let me give you a little -- let me give you color on that. If you recall on our call last quarter, we were starting out in January pretty decent in the bookings. And as the quarter rolled on, I mean, it just got a little bit weaker each month. So that was disappointing. And of course, what I told you back then was it was impossible to predict what was happening in the destocking and what was really happening in terms of consumer demand. And if you look all those indicators, whether it was consumer demand or the manufacturing index, the Purchasing Managers Index they all really kind of got more negative as the months went on and correlated exactly with kind of what the volume situation was. The good news is, is that there's been a big turnaround starting in April. And so we've got a good look 13 days into the month. And our bookings right now just over March alone are up 11%, and they're up 10% over the first quarter. Still down 6% compared to April of '22, but April of '22 was our all-time record. So just to calibrate everybody, the volume continued to increase significantly because of COVID all the way through April and then finally started to turn the other way. So we've still got that really tough comp coming in the month of April. But given the fact that we're double digits ahead of where we are in March is a huge improvement. And it's across all of the sectors. Now we've still got some laggards in there. If you talk home improvement or you talk home building or some of these other areas, but the other big plus for us is that we suffered badly in that first quarter in that ag business as we alluded to, down in Florida from the hurricanes. In Northern California from the significant rain and flooding that they had, and of course, in the Pacific Northwest because of the cold weather. And that's coming back as well. So I think that we've got some -- I think we're towards the end of that big problem relative to the volume situation.
George Staphos: Last quick one, I'll turn it over. Just from an operations standpoint. Can you talk a little bit about the facility closures, kind of what they're allowing or optimizing for PCA. And given the shift in recycled cost versus virgin cost, this question comes up periodically on your calls. How are you flexing your system relative to lower-cost recycled and lower-cost recycled board, recognizing your customers ultimately dictate what kind of box they want that ultimately dictates the Board. I'll let it go there.
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Thanks, George. Yes, relative to the plant and the design center closure that we announced in the first quarter, that is typical of the evaluation that we do of our footprint at all times, and it's part of our capital planning process. So these are not knee-jerk reactions to let's just say, volume demand change or anything like that. These are all part of our capital planning process where we're trying to optimize our system. Of course, we've made acquisitions over the years and other things like that. So we do have -- we do have some duplicity in some of the markets that we want to fix. And so it's been a continuous process that we've been doing this. Relative to the recycled versus virgin what PCA has been, and I've said this before, what we have been focused on for years now in our mill system is to be able to match the -- just the right amount of fiber to the performance that's necessary in the marketplace. And some of those proprietary products and some of the things that we've done in our mill system has served us incredibly well in the marketplace and is ultimately even more competitive than recycled than most of those in virtually all of those markets. So I'm very, very pleased with what we've been able to do in the mill system. It's been an outstanding performance by all of our people. And we've talked about our engineering expertise. We've talked about our paper tech expertise, and that's provided us. And of course, the flexibility we have in these mills, and we will flex back and forth, obviously, with OCC to the degree we can when the prices of a nature that, that makes the most sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Good to hear that demand looking better in April, but I did want to follow up a little bit on George's question, and I realize it's a bit of an overlap. But in the third quarter and the fourth quarter as well, your year-over-year box shipments were a bit below the industry. And we don't have the industry data yet, we'll get that, I guess, on Friday. But certainly, the 12.7% was surprised us to the downside and you guys as well. As if you look back over the last 6 months or so, any thoughts as to why you might have been showing reduced market share, recognizing that over time, you've actually outgrown the industry very substantially and very profitably. And whether it's this ag business? Or what are you coming up with in terms as to what might have been going on with your book of business?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Mark, just remember back in 2008 into the 2009 period, we saw a more rapid downturn in volume than our competitors. And then when we started seeing the improvement in the spring, we came back stronger and faster than our competitors. And I believe most of that has to do with the predominantly local book specialized local accounts, smaller local account business that we have. These accounts are much more tuned into what's happening with their own business. They can move very quickly. They're very nimble. But I'm going to let Tom elaborate on that because, again, it's not as simple as it seems.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. I think that the -- one of the things that I think is really important is, number 1 is we haven't lost any volume. So we're not losing any market share. That's not taking place. But if you think about the thing that we've talked about many times and we take great pride in is the broad base of business that we have and the broad base of sectors that we deal across. Now in this particular -- during COVID, we had some of those sectors were up as much as 200%. And once COVID ended, of course, those are going to be down significantly. So it just depends on the sector. And that's why we've had to sort through this volume situation a little longer than what we would have hoped. But -- you do have a lot of these -- some of these various sectors are down significantly. Some of them have stayed level, some of them are up slightly. But for the most part, that's the biggest factor. The other thing that we did during COVID is we had to run a lot of business that we could not get supplied from the outside, which we traditionally would have done. And we now have that business placed back on the outside again. So even though we keep the revenue and we keep the income, it's a drag on our volume. And that's just kind of funny math, if you will, based on the way it has to be reported to the FBA, but that's another factor that's affecting us. Does that help?
Mark Weintraub: It does. Just 2 quick follow-ups. One is you mentioned not lost volume -- were you basically think you haven't lost customers, obviously, your volumes are down?
Thomas Hassfurther: We haven't lost any customers in terms of what you would call market share in terms of customers or things like that. Obviously, our volume is down. But it's down. We haven't lost any share within those accounts or anything like that. It's just that some of that broad-based business, some of those sectors are down significantly. And as I mentioned, we've never had a period where we got hit with ag getting hit like it did in the regions where we have big footprints all at the same time.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. And then just maybe a little bit of clarification. Why would you -- given that demand has been weak and you certainly have the capability to have fulfilled needs, which maybe were being fulfilled from the outside and now apparently, you're fulfilling from the outside. I guess I'm a little puzzled why you would, given you've got plenty of capability, I would think, to meet it internally or maybe I don't understand exactly.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, the reason is because we have to produce that at a much higher cost than we can get done on the outside. And so it doesn't make sense for us to do that. But in order to take care of our customers, we opted to do it at a much higher cost point. So that's why we're doing it. And of course, we want to maintain the -- run our plants as efficiently as we possibly can. So it's just from a cost standpoint makes the most sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is John on for Phil. Appreciate all the details. And I want to first start off asking how much economic downtime you guys took in 1Q given the last couple of quarters, you've called that out, and it's been a bit outsized. Is that something you can quantify? And maybe how can we think about trends for that in 2Q with some of the demand starting to normalize?
Robert Mundy: Yes. It was about 110,000 tons in the first quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And any insights on how to think about 2Q?
Mark Kowlzan: No. We just -- as we've always done, we're just going to run to demand and do what we've got to do to satisfy our customer base. If you go back and look at the first quarter, when we were in the January period of time, anticipated volume was starting to settle down and improve. We anticipated going through our winter spring annual shutdowns that would have greater need. So our plan was to build a little more inventory. As a matter of fact, I think the number was about 30,000 tons more inventory through the first quarter that we ended the year last year. But in fact, as we saw the deteriorating volume in -- especially in February and March, we certainly didn't need that extra volume. So we trimmed back and scaled back operations and only ended up 6,000 tons at the end of 1Q as opposed to where we thought it would be. So again, we'll just continue running to demand.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to pivot over to the cost side. You guys have done a very good job taking out cost in the system. But in terms of the guidance. Just a couple of questions. First, I want to get a better understanding of what's driving the higher converting costs. Is that maybe more on the labor side? And then on the rail rate increases. Is that something that you can maybe give us a little bit better understanding of the structure of those contracts? Like how long those rates will kind of be in place when they get renegotiated? How much maybe it was weighing on 1Q and going into 2Q? Just to give us some better tools to forecast the models have.
Robert Mundy: Yes, John, it's Bob. As far as on the rail rate increases, most of that is -- some of it occurred during the first quarter, and then we had some that just started at the beginning of the second. So it's a large impact as you move from 1Q to 2Q because you'll have all of those pretty much higher as we start the second quarter. So that's what's driving the freight cost higher. I'm sorry, your first question was.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess, just to stay on that for a second, are those contracted rates for the next year, the next couple of years?
Robert Mundy: Yes, typically. Typically, that's probably a good way to think about it.
Unidentified Analyst: And the first question was around the converting costs and what's driving higher converting costs.
Robert Mundy: Yes, really labor benefits, obviously, with just -- that's just -- that's part of it. The other is really at starch. Starch prices are just skyrocketed and that is something that we had another big increase this year. And as we expect to -- our volume to start improving in the box plants and so forth, and you're using more of those types of things. And so that's what's driving labor and some of your some of your material costs that are also included in that converting number.
Unidentified Analyst: Is the starch starting to turn over? Or is it still..
Robert Mundy: No. No, it's not.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, I appreciate the insight, thank you all.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Kraft liner prices have been stable for a couple of months now. And understanding you don't sell much board in the open market, and I'm not asking about forward pricing. But I'm just wondering if you had any thoughts about kind of where containerboard markets kind of feel like they are right now.  I mean, you've seen a number of cycles maybe some of these capacity projects have started up and maybe are being sort of absorbed. I just wanted to get your sense of containerboard markets versus maybe where we were a few months ago?
Thomas Hassfurther: Anthony, this is Tom. I'll take this one. Yes, prices have stabilized. There's no question about it. In fact, I can make an argument that there hasn't been -- there really hasn't been a whole lot of activity relative to price in the past. And I'm not a predictor of price going forward, but I can just tell you that I think the outlook is more positive.  Of course, you've seen the industry really adjust dramatically to demand. And as I've said many times, I mean, the open market is a small open market today. So those that have excess capacity are either taking the downtime or they're looking to export markets to try to figure out how to sell into those markets. Which are also under some duress. But I think that the -- I think the market in general is different than the past, given the small open market that we have today. And I think that leads towards much more stability.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then just -- I wonder if you could talk a little bit, given the balance sheet flexibility that you have about capital allocation, and from a capital return perspective, I mean, you're paying an attractive dividend. I don't know if you can talk about maybe opportunities for repurchases. And then in terms of investing in the business, you're coming off maybe a big CapEx cycle where you're doing a lot of internal projects. Just wondering if you could kind of talk about where you're seeing the opportunities in capital allocation and capital return this year.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, nothing's changed. As we've talked about for the last year, our plans were to bring capital down this year, and we're in that $400 million range. And I would anticipate that working through into next year. Also, we've done most of the big projects that we could foresee in the mills, and we're just going to continue with the box plant optimization. As far as utilization of cash in terms of other opportunities like dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions. We'll remain flexible on any and all opportunities in that regard as we go forward. As we've done for many, many years, now, we've got that flexibility to take advantage of all of these opportunities as they present themselves. And that's how we look at it day to day.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Actually, Anthony took my next question. So I will turn it over to the next person.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is also a follow-up from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: I was thinking a little bit about how -- I believe your volumes ended up being down about twice what you had anticipated back in January. I think you'd been talking about flat average day and so it would have been like 6% or 7% down and you ended up down 12.7%. Is it fair to -- therefore, if you talked about the negative impact year-over-year on volumes being about $0.95.  So if I just took half of that, had you -- was that the incremental negative impact from the additional demand weakness that you experienced so that had, in fact, the volumes come through as you anticipated. In theory, you might have been closer to $2.70, particularly if we add the fact that you had the pricing down by $20 in February, which would have had some small impact. And then if that is the case and everybody maybe that math doesn't work. But if that was the case, that's a huge difference from sort of the $2.23, and presumably that relates to all the operating adjustments that you had made.  I'm sort of just trying to get a sense as to whether that's something you couldn't hang on to or those were measures taken because of what was going on in the business? And maybe a little bit less certain types of spend that you could defer. So sort of just trying to get a sense of that underlying earnings power in a future type of environment.
Robert Mundy: Yes. Mark, this is Bob. So there's a lot going on there. If you're saying if our volumes were higher, it were closer to what we had anticipated, you're looking at that $0.95 being something a lot larger?
Mark Weintraub: Well, I believe you had stated during the January call that you were looking for average daily box shipments to be flat in -- sequentially, which would have suggested about down 6.5% rather than the down 12.7%. And -- so basically, I'm saying, well, does that mean that instead of being a $0.95 negative hit, it would have been about half of that, like a $0.47 negative hit.
Robert Mundy: That volume is -- it's not just box shipments, right? It's -- there's export volume, there's trade, there's domestic outside volume. So that would not be a good way to look at it. However, directionally, yes, it would be a higher number. But you would also have a lot better probably cost within your system because your mills would be running more full. Your box plants would be running more full. So you're converting costs, your direct variable costs, all those types of things, your unabsorbed costs would not be as high would more than offset any additional decline that you would see in that price variance, if that makes sense, because of higher volumes.
Mark Weintraub: It does, but it sort of comes back to the point that you're only $0.03 off what your guidance had been.
Robert Mundy: Yes. And if you want to look at it sort of simply the published price dropped $20 a ton after we gave our guidance. And if you sort of do the math, on that. And as we said before, when that price -- the published price drops, it pretty much hits our outside containerboard immediately. There's no delay. So if you sort of do the math, there's about $0.03 just from that price decline that occurred after we gave our guidance.
Mark Weintraub: Right. And so what I'm trying to get to is if we get this sort of rebound in demand and what it would seem that our -- the bounce back in earnings could be very dramatic relative to sort of that $2.23 type of run rate you had suggested in a down.
Mark Kowlzan: Absolutely, Mark. Absolutely. That's what we would anticipate.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. I apologize for the fairly convoluted questioning here. But thank you.
Operator: Our next question is also a follow-up from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is john again. I appreciate you taking the follow-up. I just wanted to quickly shift over to the paper segment. Demand was a bit lower than we had expected. Just kind of looking to get some insights on how the paper segment volumes are trending. It looks like maybe this next quarter where we should see another down double-digit type of volume year-over-year. Just kind of what's going on and maybe what are the main factors impacting demand on the paper side.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, as we spoke last year that we -- our paper business now has become just the International Falls mill up in Minnesota, and that mill is capable of a little over 500,000 tons a year. And that's pretty much what we're selling too. We're down slightly off of that peak capability. But what that allows us to do really is just run and optimize the market and where we choose to sell and where we want to sell to maximize profit. So we really have the luxury of being the fourth largest player and we don't have to do anything. I say we're in a real sweet spot right now, down just a few thousand tons off of where we were last year. Any other questions, please?
Operator: And our final question comes from George Staphos. Once again, a follow-up from Bank of America Securities. George?
George Staphos: Sorry, you've got a technical issue here. So I just want to reaffirm the guidance on the paper segment is for pricing and volume to be down slightly sequentially. Was that the comment, Mark? And Tom -- and Bob? Thanks very much and good luck in the quarter.
Robert Mundy: Yes, George. That's correct.
George Staphos: Excellent, thanks guys, good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you George.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see no more questions at this time. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today, and appreciate your time, and we look forward to talking with you in July and covering the second quarter earnings results. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. Again, I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results, and then I'm going to be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up, and we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2022 net income of $212 million or $2.31 per share. Excluding special items, fourth quarter 2022 net income was $215 million or $2.35 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 net income of $262 million or $2.76 per share. Fourth quarter net income -- fourth quarter net sales were $1.98 billion in 2022 and $2.04 billion in 2021. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter, excluding special items, was $409 million in 2022 and $463 million in 2021. Excluding special items, we also reported full year 2022 earnings of $1.04 billion or $11.14 per share compared to 2021 earnings of $894 million or $9.39 per share. Net sales were $8.5 billion in 2022 and $7.7 billion in 2021. Excluding special items, total company EBITDA in 2022 was $1.9 billion compared to $1.7 billion in 2021. Fourth quarter and full year 2022 net income included special items primarily for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper to containerboard conversion-related activities. Details of all the special items for the year 2022 and 2021 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding special items, the $0.41 per share decrease in fourth quarter 2022 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 was driven primarily by lower volumes in our Packaging segment $1.14 and Paper segment $0.02. We also had higher operating costs of $0.48, primarily from inflation on energy, chemicals, labor and benefits, supplies, repair materials and services and other indirect and fixed costs. Freight and logistics expenses were unfavorable $0.13 along with higher depreciation expense, $0.09, higher converting costs, $0.06 and higher scheduled maintenance outage expenses of $0.01. These items were partially offset by higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment of $1.18 and Packaging segment -- and Paper segment rather of $0.21. A lower share count resulting from share repurchases $0.08; lower interest expense, $0.04 and a lower tax rate, $0.01. Results were $0.13 above the fourth quarter guidance of $2.22 per share, primarily due to higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment, lower freight and logistics expenses, a lower share count resulting from share repurchases and a lower tax rate. Looking at our Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the fourth quarter of 2022 of $392 million with sales of $1.8 billion resulted in a margin of 21.7% versus last year's EBITDA of $461 million and sales of $1.9 billion or a 24.5% margin. For the full year 2022, Packaging segment EBITDA, excluding the special items, was $1.8 billion with sales of $7.8 billion or a 23.8% margin compared to full year 2021 EBITDA of $1.7 billion with sales of $7.1 billion or a 23.9% margin. Demand in the Packaging segment was below expectations for the quarter, causing us to run our containerboard system to these lower demand levels. Our employees did a very good job with their cost management and process optimization efforts at these lower production rates to offset the negative volume impact. Total economic-related downtime for the fourth quarter was approximately 231,000 tons. The scheduled maintenance outage and conversion work at our Jackson, Alabama mill was completed successfully during the fourth quarter, and we restarted the mill earlier this month after being down as a result of the lower demand. The number three machine achieved its first phase design capacity and is producing a very high-quality virgin linerboard. However, based on current containerboard demand levels, we decided to move the second phase of the conversion work from this spring to next year in 2024. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.19 per share above the fourth quarter of 2021 and flat compared to the third quarter of 2022. Export containerboard prices and mix were down $0.01 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 and down $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2022. Corrugated product shipments were down 8.7% per work day and down 10.2% in total with one less workday compared to last year's fourth quarter. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 131,000 tons below last year's fourth quarter and 38,000 tons below the third quarter of 2022. The lower demand in our Packaging segment was driven by several items. The inventory correction in both boxes and our customers' product has been more prolonged than what we originally anticipated at the start. Inflationary pressures on the consumers have also added to the problem by reducing the consumers discretionary spending capabilities. In addition, consumer behavior changed very quickly as we exited the extreme COVID period, resulting in more of a preference towards travel, entertainment and experience versus that of tangible goods. Containerboard and box demand continues to be negatively impacted from the deterioration in U.S. and global economic conditions, rising interest rates and a cooler housing market. As we move from the fourth quarter into the first quarter, we estimate the rate of shipments per day to be fairly similar as we expect many of these conditions to continue. However, there are four additional shipping days in the first quarter, so total actual shipments will be higher when compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. In spite of the numerous issues currently impacting demand, we continue to perform at levels above pre-COVID and anticipate our first quarter shipments to exceed first quarter 2019 shipments by approximately 6% on a per day basis. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $39 million with sales of $154 million or a 25.7% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 EBITDA of $26 million on sales of $143 million or an 18.4% margin. For the full year 2022, Paper segment EBITDA, excluding special items, was $132 million with sales of $622 million or 21.3% margin compared to the full year 2021 EBITDA of $72 million with sales of $600 million or a 12% margin. Prices and mix were up 21% from last year's fourth quarter and moved 3% higher from the third quarter of 2022 as we continue to implement our previously announced price increases. Sales volume was about 11% below last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to paper sales from the Jackson Mill's number one machine, which we included in last year's results as well as having -- we optimized our product and customer mix since that time as we transitioned away from paper volume at Jackson mill. As expected, volume was down approximately 11% versus the seasonally stronger third quarter of 2022 and that also included the remaining inventory from the Jackson mill. The management team and all of the employees of the Paper business have done a tremendous job over the last several quarters to optimize our inventory, product mix and cost structure in order to deliver outstanding results for 2022, and I'm confident that we can maintain this momentum through 2023. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $420 million with capital expenditures of $247 million and free cash flow of $173 million. Other cash payments during the fourth quarter included dividend payments of $116 million, cash tax payments of $56 million and net interest payments of $31 million. We also spent $380 million during the quarter to repurchase just over 3 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $126.70 per share. That brings our total repurchases, over the last 5 quarters, to almost 5.5 million shares at an average price of $130.62 per share. Repurchases of our outstanding stock and dividend payments made during the past year, represent 63% of cash from operations or 91% of net income that was returned to shareholders in 2022. For the full year 2022, cash from operations was $1.5 billion. Capital spending was $824 million, with free cash flow of $671 million. Our final recurring effective tax rate in 2022 was 24.5%, and our final reported cash tax rate was 20%. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be approximately $475 million, and DD&A is expected to be approximately $485 million. We estimate dividend payments of $450 million and cash pension and post-retirement benefit plan contributions of $53 million. Our full year interest expense in 2023 is expected to be approximately $72 million and net cash interest payments should be about $74 million. The estimate for our 2023 book effective tax rate is 25%. Currently, planned annual maintenance outages at our mills in 2023, including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs, it's expected to be in total, $0.67 per share versus $0.99 per share in 2022. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2023 is $0.11 per share in the first quarter, $0.14 in the second, $0.22 in the third and $0.20 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. The hard work of our employees, along with strong relationships between us and our customers and suppliers delivered outstanding results for PCA in 2022. New annual company records were achieved for revenue, cash from operations, net income and earnings per share. And as Bob just mentioned, 91% of our net income was returned to our shareholders from dividend payments and stock repurchases. We successfully completed or substantially completed significant cost reduction and process improvement projects at our mills including a 30-megawatt steam turbine and first phase of the number three machine conversion to containerboard at the Jackson mill. This effort included fiber flexibility projects at the Wallula and Jackson Mills and many other key initiatives. We also completed numerous high return and high efficiency improvement projects in our corrugated products plants that will allow us to better optimize our entire packaging business for the future and deliver profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities for our customers and shareholders. The significant capital investments we've made during the year had complete involvement of PCA personnel from project conception, preliminary and detailed engineering, all the way through to project implementation and start-up. These projects and initiatives achieved numerous tactical and strategic benefits while improving our industry-leading return on invested capital to just under 20%. As we've discussed on these calls many times before, by the end of 2022, we would be winding down several years of significant strategic capital investments that position us very well to meet the future needs of our many customers in a very cost-effective manner. We also finalized the optimization of our paper business while delivering excellent financial results that we expect to sustain us well into the future. As economies around the world continue to deal with numerous issues and uncertainties, virtually every individual industry is being negatively impacted in some manner. At PCA, we will continue to maintain a strong balance sheet which provides the financial flexibility to react quickly to most situations or opportunities in the future. We will also continue our commitment of a balanced approach towards capital allocation in order to maximize our profitability and returns to our shareholders. Looking ahead, as we move from the fourth and into the first quarter in our Packaging segment, as Tom mentioned, we expect box demand on a per day basis to be similar to the fourth quarter levels, although we expect higher total volume with corrugated products plants having four additional shipping days. Prices will move lower as a result of recent decreases in the published domestic containerboard prices and we're assuming lower export prices as well. Paper prices should move slightly higher with sales volume fairly flat. Labor costs and certain indirect costs will increase as some containerboard mill operations were temporarily idled during the fourth quarter. In addition, we anticipate higher labor and benefits costs and other timing-related expenses that occurred at the beginning of a new year as well as higher prices for many chemicals, particularly starch and caustic soda. However, we expect lower wood and recycled fiber prices, lower energy prices and lower scheduled maintenance outage expenses. Lastly, we expect higher interest and nonoperating pension expenses and a higher tax rate, but we will see some benefit from our recent share repurchases. Considering these items, we expect first quarter earnings of $2.23 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to open the call for questions, please.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead with your question. And one moment while we open George's line. Mr. Staphos please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the details. Congratulations on very good performance in a very, very challenging quarter, at least from our estimation. Mark, my first question, to the extent that you can comment, you took a significant amount of downtime. Production was down sharply, from our own rough calculations it would seem like your inventories now are fairly well balanced relative to your needs, but if you had to qualitatively talk to them, would you say your inventories are normal, below normal, above average? How would you have us think about that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, it depends on what time period you're looking at. We're living in a dynamic world right now. And if you went back to 2020, let's go back and take a look at what happened there, as the pandemic settled in, and we got into the fall of 2020, and demand picked up dramatically in that period of time, we found ourselves at, quite frankly, an unsustainably low level of inventory per our demand. And it took us the better part of 2021 to drive that inventory to a much more comfortable level. Obviously, part of that was the transportation dilemma that was taking place throughout North America between truck drivers availability and rolling stock availability with the pandemic going on. And then just the demand pressures that were in place. But through the end of 2021 into the early part of 2022, we did achieve the -- what we felt were comfortable levels of inventory to supply our system. As the year 2022 rolled on, we also anticipated certain end-of-year activities with annual outages through the year and then different marketplace conditions into the third and fourth quarter. What we saw happen, obviously, in the fourth quarter was the falloff in demand and so we were able to readjust what we didn't believe should be our new inventory targets understanding that demand was falling off faster than we had anticipated. But also, we had the capacity now with our system improvements and with the Jackson mill being completed that we had a much higher comfort level that we could supply outside sales and our own box plant needs by running to a lower level, which again was a prudent financial decision for us. Anything else, George?
George Staphos: A couple more, I'll make them quick. The mix given our calculations was quite strong. Is there one thing you would point out or a couple of things you'd point out in terms of what allowed you to put up some fairly strong realizations per ton realizing quarter-to-quarter things can move around. And the same thing on operations and cost if there was one or two things, you had to point out that allows you to put up the quarter that you did. What were the two highlights be? Then I'll turn it over there. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: I'll let Tom talk about the mix question then I can talk about operations.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Well, our mix was solid again, George. Of course, we don't -- with 18,000-plus customers spread across a lot of different industries, it was a relatively strong mix, and we were pleased with that. And I would just -- Yes, go ahead.
George Staphos: So is that more execution than, Tom, as opposed to any one driver? Is that what you're kind of getting at there?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, yes, I think so. And Mark will talk a little bit more about the cost side. But I think we're also seeing some big benefits from all the investments that we've made, especially in our box plants over the past number of years. And so from a cost basis, we were incredibly good and performed very well.
Mark Kowlzan: To that point, George, in 2021, with the new organization that we put in place in 2019, and we've been doing all of these capital projects in the mills and box plants. But 2021, we worked on probably 53 of our box plants with various sized capital projects going on from big projects and -- to small projects for retooling, recapitalizing converting lines, corrugating operations, significantly improving the unit labor productivity in these facilities. Same thing in the mills we've worked for decades, and we continue to do that every day on improving the efficiencies throughout the operations. And so that was another thing. I think if you look at the cumulative benefit of what Tom just said with the projects that we put in place in the box plants, the ongoing efforts that we continue to perform in our mills, we were able to pivot during the latter part of the year. And even though we took machines down and idled the Jackson mill, we're able to really wring out some efficiencies because of how we operate day-to-day and how we understand where these opportunities are. Again, it's -- it reflects on the organization and how we look at our business 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Thanks, George. Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist Securities. Mr. Roxland please go ahead with your question.
Michael Roxland: Thanks, Mark, Bob, Tom, Ted for taking my questions. Just on Jackson, how do you plan to operate that mill going forward? Obviously, the first phase is behind you. You've postponed now the second phase to 2024. Given that demand remains challenging, as you've noted, you operate that convert line? And do you have the flexibility if the manner remains challenging to operate white paper on it given still strong line paper markets?
Mark Kowlzan: No, the Jackson mill now is a containerboard operation. That mill, for all intents and purposes, will not make any white paper ever again. It's truly the work we just completed in terms of the scope of work that we set out has achieved everything that the first phase was supposed to. We are now running very efficiently, very effectively. We started up just the week before last, and we ran last week, and we've been producing Grade A paper converting it in our box plants, but we'll be able to take advantage now of the project's cost benefit opportunities. There's the work that was done, and we talked about this last year would help us on the input cost side of the equation with energy usage, labor-type impacts, fiber yield, and so we will see those benefits. Now it depends also on how much production we see on the big machine. We're also ramping up the machine as we speak. The machine for the last 1.5 years from when we converted it in 2021 and ran through 2022, we were producing probably 1,275 tons a day average in that range. And right now, currently, we're somewhere in that 1,300-ton a day range and just getting comfortable with all of the new equipment. Essentially, we have a new paper machine on our hands here and then the pulp mill has been significantly rebuilt and new OCC plant. So there's a lot of new infrastructure in the mill that we're getting used to running, but we're also going to look at what the opportunity is. The second phase of work that we can choose to do when the timing is right, involves 23 new additional high-pressure dryer cans, a new forset reel at the dry end of the paper machine and then a new shoe press in the press section to enhance pricing and improve the drawing. That will take place when we need the tons. So that's to be determined, but we have the luxury of deciding that when we need to decide that. But the first phase of the work has been done extremely well. We're very pleased with what we see. So now we'll take advantage of what we have in place. And as we've done for many years, we'll wring out these benefits and these efficiencies from day to day here. So I'm pretty optimistic on what we have at Jackson. The number one machine, the smaller machine is down. It's idle temporarily. It will be available if demand determines that we should run that. And so again, I think current times, we will continue to run to demand. The entire system, we also have the annual outages coming up starting next month with our DeRidder and Counce mill. So we have to think about where we need to be with inventory levels and what we have to do to supply our box plant needs. So in that regard, I think Jackson is in a good place, but a lot of opportunity there.
Michael Roxland: Just quickly, as Jackson started and running obviously it seems to be meeting or exceeding expectations, have you adjusted your operating posture elsewhere just to account for the demand environment? And then just my last question is with inputs coming off, as you noted, have you seen any change in behavior from any of your competitors with respect to downtime or production discipline?
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to talk about our competitors. We just -- we're running to demand. We'll continue to run to demand. The Jackson machine is an opportunity for us to provide low-cost, high-quality containerboard into that Southeastern region. But it also means, as you could well assume, the rest of the system will run as we need to run it. But keeping in mind what I just said that we have our big annual outages coming at our two biggest mills being DeRidder and Counce, Tennessee, so our plans were to run a little bit extra inventory build over the next couple of months to ensure that as we go through these big outages, we will supply our needs appropriately.
Michael Roxland: Got it. I'll turn it over. Good luck in the balance of the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Mike. Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Following up on George's question to some extent. You had talked about how the capital projects really helped on the and capital, particularly the converting operations. You've also talked about how your price mix was really strong in the fourth quarter. And frankly, it's been really good for the last like two years. You've just been doing extraordinarily well, price/mix. How the capital projects help to improve your -- the mix in terms of like more higher value-added packaging that you're providing your customers? Or has your extraordinary performance been kind of just execution also your focus on smaller, more local accounts.
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. I'll handle that. I mean, keep in mind that we've always said that our customers drive what we do and especially in the box plants, they drive our capital investments. So we grow with them, and we adapt to whatever they need and what they're looking at, and we try to align ourselves with customers that are going to grow going forward, whether they're small or large. So I think that all of that kind of comes together. And our objectives are not only from a cost standpoint, but to satisfy those customers and puts us in a good position, I think, to take advantage of whatever the market opportunities present.
Mark Weintraub: And so sort of getting to the next -- so would you say that the product that you're producing and selling to the customer has changed much? Or it's really -- so the mix has sweetened that way over the last couple of years? Or it's just you've been very, very successful in getting higher pricing?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I'll give you an example. Our customers are continually having to change to be successful in the marketplace. And if you look at the retail market, as an example, it's very different today than what it was even five years ago. And during COVID, a lot of things occurred, especially inside the big box stores as an example. How do we get the customer back in there? What are they buying? What are they looking for? How do I promote my products and things like that. So there's been a lot of changes, and we assist a lot of our customers in helping make those changes and keeping track of what those trends are.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. And then lastly, obviously, demand kind of -- to me at least, it's been astoundingly weak in the last couple of quarters. And you've pointed out the various drivers. Do you have any sense as to how impactful in particular, say, the inventory correction has been in terms of the magnitude of decreases? And are you getting any clarity from customers where we might be in that process? Because it sounds like we're going to continue to see weakness in the first quarter at a minimum. And then a tough question, but are you getting any indications from your customers as to what to expect for the full year? Or is it just not enough visibility?
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Let me tackle a couple of these at a time. I think, first of all, let's see if we can help get ourselves calibrated here properly. We're coming out of COVID now, which had a tremendous amount of government stimulus pumped into a market which created, in my opinion, quite a bubble in terms of demand. If you look back historically and you look at box demand historically, it was always pretty level at that 1% to 2% range per year. And all of a sudden, we're jumping up into now double digits and some other things during the COVID years. So that's why I drew the correlation with what happened in -- how we compare now to 2019 and being 6% or maybe slightly above 6% compared to 2019 being up, clearly, some of the errors come out of that bubble, but not all by any means. So it's still a quite healthy demand, in my opinion, when you compare it to pre-COVID. And relative to the inventory correction. Yes, there was a huge inventory correction, and that's still continuing to some extent, as a combination of two things. Still, the supply chain is a big issue for our customers. And as you know, China just recently reopened. So there is still an enormous backlog of products waiting to be shipped and just waiting for parts whether it's in the auto sector or any other consumer product sector. There's quite a big backlog. So we're still waiting for that to correct. I thought it would have been corrected a little bit sooner than what it appears. And that's why we're taking a relatively conservative approach to our forecast for the first quarter because we really can't predict when that's going to catch up to some extent. But I would say overall, our customers feel pretty good about where they are and about the full year, if we may have a mild recession, we hopefully have a soft landing, those sorts of things. And hopefully, the Fed backs off a little bit on the interest rate increases. Those are all, I think, important to our success in '23, and we'll just have to wait and see what happens. But overall, I think when you really compare it to pre-COVID, we're still in a pretty healthy position.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Hassfurther: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Josephson from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hope you're well. Mark, one more on the conversion delay. When did you arrive at that decision, and why -- you mentioned you're postponing the second phase by year. Why a year as opposed to, I don't know, six months, nine months, 15 months or just indefinitely and whenever demand gets better, we'll do it as opposed to we're planning to do it a year from now.
Mark Kowlzan: Adam, if demand picked up next month and all of a sudden, we needed the tons, we could pull the plug on that project, and we could do it in the spring time if we wanted to. That's the luxury that we have. We have all the equipment in our hands sitting in the warehouse at the mill. We have all the engineering done. So when we need the tons, we will do that project, and that's the benefit that we have there. So there's no secret formula. There's no magic in terms of what's driving this decision except the marketplace and our customers. And as Tom mentioned a few minutes ago, we grow with our customers' demands, and we're in a good place to do that, but also being mindful of our uses of cash and our capital spending, there's no need to spend the remaining portion of that capital on a project that's not earning any return currently as opposed to perhaps another use of that cash this year.
Thomas Hassfurther: Adam, this is Tom. Let me -- Adam, this is Tom. Let me just add something here real quick because I think this is really important, and we've been very, very consistent about this. We're not a company that builds it and hope they will come. Hope is not our strategy, has never been our strategy. Our strategies are built around our customers and what they see and what they need. So that's never going to change and we see the reality of the marketplace out there. And as we've said many times, there's not a huge open market, the export markets are under some duress right now around the world. There's not an immediate place to go to with these tons. And so we're going to be flexible and adapt to whatever the market conditions are. And our customers appreciate the fact that we will always be there for them, and we'll be prepared, and we're ahead of the curve.
Mark Kowlzan: Adam, what Tom just said and this plays into what we've always done, our competitors typically would have done one big project, got the entire project done at one time and had all of this capacity and had all of this complexity to deal with. We determined two years ago; we would do this project in phases. And if you go back decades, go back 20 years, we've always done our projects in multi phases. Now there's reasons for that. Besides capital effectiveness and uses of cash and prudent management of our cash, there's also risk mitigation and then growing with our customers' needs. And so it all plays into our historical behavior on how we go about projects and how we grow our business.
Adam Josephson: Yes. That makes perfect sense, Mark. Tom, just back to the box demand issue. So your -- you said you're running about 6% above 2019 -- 1Q '19 levels on a per day basis. So it sounds like demand is not at particularly depressed levels for you. So when you talk about per day shipments, expecting those to be flattish sequentially, is there a lot of destocking in there that you can see? Or do you think that that's a reasonably "normalized" level of demand for you if you get my drift?
Thomas Hassfurther: That's the million-dollar question right there. Let me tell you. I'd like to be able to predict that perfectly. Obviously, I can't. As I said, I said that's we're taking a pretty conservative approach in the first quarter to our projections because we really don't know when this destocking is going to end. I think we're clearly past the midpoint in that. I know that for a fact, and I can feel that. But to what extent it goes further, I really can't tell you, but I think even with this conservative approach, my point about comparing to 2019 was, it's still pretty solid compared to 2019, just to get us all calibrated as to where we are.
Adam Josephson: Right. And just to be clear, when you talk to your customers, you don't have a firm sense of whether they've done 90% of whatever destocking they're going to do or 70%, it's just not clear.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I think some of -- when we talk to specific customers, I mean, we get kind of a mixed bag is what we get. Some have completely -- some are completely destocked and others still have significant inventories and significant issues. And even on their side, they've got a lot of product of their own sitting there in warehouses that was prepared for a COVID environment, and now we're post COVID, and it's a different environment. So they're making their adjustments as well. And I did mention the supply chain issues that a lot of them are still dealing with.
Adam Josephson: Yes, I appreciate that. And just one last one for me on the wood cost issue. Can you help me with what magnitude of declines you're seeing sequentially in wood costs? I appreciate that it's regional. So it varies by the mill. But overall, what you're seeing, how much is transport related? How much is weather related, just any -- the percentage decline you're experiencing? Any -- if you can flesh that out because it's not the most transparent of issues for us.
Robert Mundy: Adam, this is Bob. What we said in our release and in our prepared remarks is we were talking about wood prices, not necessarily wood cost. Wood cost sequentially is fairly flat because typically, as you go into the much colder months, your wood yields and so forth aren't as good. So you see some usage going the other way. But the pricing improvement that we're seeing is, it is -- it was a bit drier than normal. The weather cooperated at least as far as wood supply goes over the last few months. So we're in a good place with our inventories and the price of that wood. And demand, quite frankly, there's a lot -- there has been downtime when the industry, as everyone knows, so demands and that helps you with price. So wood typically does not jump around a lot, and it's -- but I do think overall for the year, we think it will be -- should be down slightly on a price basis and maybe costs fairly flat for the full year.
Adam Josephson: Got it. Thanks so much, Bob.
Robert Mundy: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gab Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Gabrial Hajde: Tom, Bob, good morning. I just had one on capital allocation. And I know that you reserve the right to spend is warranted in terms of returns and things like that. But you made the comment that you've come out of a couple of years of elevated spend. This year's CapEx is $475 million. Is it appropriate for us to sort of think about, I don't know, $450 million to $500 million in CapEx as normalized. And then on the capital allocation side, Mark, you also said, "Hey, we want to take a balanced approach. But I can't help but look at history when you guys have been aggressive buyers of your shares. It seemed to be opportune and give you a nice return. So can you just talk a little bit about how you internally talk -- think about returns on capital as it relates to projects versus share repurchases?
Mark Kowlzan: First of all, starting off for the last five or six years, we've had historically high capital spending to retool our -- primarily our box plant system and then take care of the mill big conversion projects and some of these big efficiency opportunities. But in my prepared statements, I commented that we've made clear to the investment community that this year, in particular, would be a reset down to more normalized levels of capital coming off those big highs, and so as we look at this year, we're coming down probably $350 million off of last year's $824 million capital spend. And so as we get into the $400 million area, I think for the next couple of years, that's going to be the range we're into. We've got some work to finish up in the box plants. We've got some big opportunities. We're finishing this year as an example. And then when we finish up Jackson, that will be one piece. It's not an extraordinarily large amount of capital, but it will finish up. But I think we're in a very comfortable period of time going forward now that we will be able to maintain our assets in very good condition. We'll be able to continue to take care of customer growth opportunities with capital installations on converting pieces of equipment. We have obviously the capacity in our mill system to supply that growth in a very, very cost-effective manner. So I think, again, the new capital trend going forward is significantly lower than it has been, which bodes well again for or what we do with the cash and how we deploy cash to provide return to our shareholders. And then in terms of how we look at returns on investment, we've always had probably the highest hurdle rate in the industry in terms of what we set internally as our target of acceptable returns for projects. Now some of these projects, obviously, you're growing with customers, but you're growing with valuable, high profitable added box business. But again, I'm not going to give you the return targets we set, but you can assume, and we've always said this, that we set some very high hurdle rates on our expectations on $1 spent on what we expect for that return. And that reflects itself in the return on invested capital number. It's not only the highest in the industry, but in manufacturing industrial sector alone, it ranks amongst the highest. Does that help you?
Gabrial Hajde: It does. It absolutely does. And then maybe the low-hanging fruit just to make sure we kind of have math calibrated right. If I extrapolate out the comment that you guys made it seems to imply maybe 16 million square feet for the first quarter or down 4% to 5% or so on a year-over-year basis. I'm assuming that whatever your experience has been thus far in January, went into that calculation, and it's the best estimate in terms of backlogs and what you have line of fight to.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. That's a fair assumption, Gabe.
Gabrial Hajde: Thank you. Good luck.
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cleve Rueckert from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Cleveland Rueckert: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of follow-ups for me. I wanted to just ask more specifically on the work that you're doing at Jackson. I'm wondering, does that change PCA's capability and product offering at all? In other words, are there new market opportunities from that project? Or is it more just about optimizing your existing book of business?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I'll let Tom take care of that.
Thomas Hassfurther: Cleve, what it does is it enhances some of our proprietary capabilities. That's how I would put it. And we need that, quite frankly. So that's the big short-term objective. And then obviously, we talked about the longer-term objective in Phase 2 being that ability to grow with our customers.
Cleveland Rueckert: Okay. That makes sense. And then just a couple of quick follow-ups, inventories, you talked about them a couple of times. I just explicitly like where are inventories relative to where you would like them versus your plan in containerboard.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, we never give absolute numbers. Again, we dropped down 60-some-odd thousand tons from the third quarter to the end of the fourth quarter. We're going to build, again, some extra inventory in January, February period to get ready for the outages at the DeRidder, Louisiana mill and the Counce, Tennessee mill. It's not an extraordinary amount of inventory. It's just a little bit of insurance cushion here for making sure that we take care of the box plants. But I think I will say it this way. What we ended the year 2022 with, we're in a good comfortable range of where we need to be now going forward with what we're seeing in the marketplace demand and our capabilities now. So this lower inventory certainly meets the current requirements. But with just a little bit extra build to get us through these big outages. Annual outages are always an uncertainty. You never know what could happen. Obviously, we're very good at what we do, but we always plan to try to mitigate some risks and the risk mitigation comes in a little bit of an insurance policy with some extra inventory on hand to make sure the box plants are well taken care of and our outside customers.
Cleveland Rueckert: Right. I think that makes a lot of sense. And that's very clear. And then I know you said that the number one machine is down at Jackson is idled temporarily. I mean, are you expecting to take any other economic downtime in Q1? Or is it really more about maintenance in the first quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: I'll let you know in April, what we did.
Cleveland Rueckert: Okay. Good luck guys. Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: All right. Next question. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups, Mark or Tom, the second phase of the Jackson conversion that you're postponing from spring, maybe until next year or beyond, sorry if I missed this, is there a capacity number that you would kind of associate with that second phase or any kind of finer point you can put on that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I'll go by historically what we said in the last two years. The ultimate project at Jackson would on paper, get us a 2,000 ton a day containerboard machine. It would be one of the largest machines in the Western Hemisphere in terms of productivity and if you could understand and appreciate our efficiencies, it will not only be one of the largest, most productive virgin kraft linerboard machines in the Western Hemisphere, but it will be one of the lowest cost machines. And so I said we started up last week. We're in that 1,300 ton a day rate right now. We're obviously -- we'll probably push the machine and see what we -- like having a new toy. We're going to see what it will do for us over the next month or two. What are the limitations and making sure we haven't missed anything from a process point of view. And if we missed anything, then we have ample time to correct it over the course of the months ahead of us. But ultimately, the final phase will give us the extra drying and the speed on the paper machine to take us from let's just say we could run 1,500 tons a day right now with the machine we have. the last phase of work gets us that extra 500 tons a day, just to help you with some math.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just another quick question. You talked about the fiber flexibility projects. And with those done, where does that put your fiber mix or your ability to maybe flex from Virgin to OCC? And then just maybe a related question. I mean, I think historically, you've talked about the customer preference and the benefits of kraft liner, it seems like the price spread between kraft liner and recycled has kind of moved up a bit or moved out a bit. Are your customers -- do you see any specific trend in terms of increased demand for recycled or vice versa? Or just kind of how is that dynamic playing out? And what do your capabilities look like now to move between the two.
Mark Kowlzan: I'll answer part of that, and I'll let Tom answer part of that. We talked about some of these fiber flexibility projects. The biggest ones at the Wallula Mill, we over a 2.5-year period, we added a big OCC plant out there and then did completely rebuild the woodyard and improved our chip handling, chip screening and fiber yield capability in the woodyard but now Wallula has the ultimate flexibility to push OCC at very high rates if the pricing and availability is there. And then we just finished up the big OCC project at Jackson in conjunction with the rest of the work at the mill. And so Jackson, Counce, DeRidder, Wallula in terms of our linerboard mills primarily linerboard, even though DeRidder and Jackson and Wallula can make medium, but they have incredible opportunity to flex the amount of OCC, DLK that goes into the furnish depending on pricing and opportunities to take advantage of various fiber sources. And so I think if you did the math, and I'm not -- I don't have this right now, Bob might have this, but we're probably still around 20% in total -- of our total makeup of what would be OCC, DLK and virgin fiber. But we have now improved significantly by mill, what we can use in any given day. Tom, do you want to add?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, yes. I'll just add, Anthony, from a customer point of view, what do our customers want? They want the same thing we want, and that is performance. And one of our advantages being primarily virgin is that we have a lot more opportunity to hit the performance numbers at particular basis weights that I think give us a distinct advantage so that we can take advantage of all this fiber flexibility that we have, and we can also minimize some chemical use and some other things in that process. So that's really how we view our -- what our output from our mills is performance-based, and I mentioned some proprietary products that we have, and those are all based around performance.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Dunigan from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. It's actually Phil. I guess a quick question. Good morning, Tom. Great results in a tough backdrop. I guess my first question is normal cadence of prices moving higher with -- on the container wood side, we kind of have a good feel for how that kind of flows through your P&L. Does that dynamic from a timing perspective accelerate when prices fall, and in this current environment, have you seen more business actually put up off for bid lately?
Thomas Hassfurther: The answer to that is no, that does not accelerate when prices fall. In fact, it probably is the other way around. And our feedback from our customers is that they're not -- they haven't been anticipating it and they're not -- they're interested in being aligned long term. This is not a short-term play or anything like that. So we haven't seen any uptick in bids or anything like that either.
Philip Ng: That's really encouraging. And it's great to see you guys take such a disciplined approach in terms of running your mills. Tom, I think you were talking about the macro, there's a lot unknown right now. Let's say -- let's assume it's more of a soft-landing backdrop. There's a decent amount of capacity coming on in the next 12 months. How do you kind of see that playing out for the industry? And then more importantly, how do you kind of see PCA position in navigating through that backdrop?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, number one is the capacity adds that are coming on really have very little impact for us. And I think you have to look back historically and see what happened in the past when there's been adds of capacity that have come on. I think about the Verso mill up in Jay, Maine when they converted a machine to virgin kraft. That did not succeed. That mill is not even open anymore. Midwest Paper was another one that had -- it's -- as we've said a long, long time, the open market is very small in the U.S. And so those that add, they're going to have to look outside the United States for the most part. This is a very, very integrated market, the open market that does exist is under long-term contracts, typically or certain relationships like we have with our outside market buyers. So it's -- that has very little impact in my opinion. So when you hear us say we're running to demand and demand is what it is. And just to produce additional board for the sake of producing it, is basically like a death wish and it doesn't do you any good. So I hope that gives you a little flavor for where we're coming from.
Philip Ng: That's great color. Really appreciate it.
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle White from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Kyle White: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to boxes at demand. And just wondering if you can give us a little bit more details on what you're seeing by end market in that business. Any end markets that are really still working to the destocking and a bit weaker that we should really monitor here versus other end markets that have gone through this impact already?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, the only thing I could say about some of these end markets, obviously, there anything anybody in durables got a big, big jump during those COVID years and they've come down dramatically. Consumers only need so much of some durable goods. And so that, therefore, that's come down quite significantly. The other thing that has impacted us is in the ag business, Florida is an example with the two hurricanes. I mean, have wiped out some seasonal crops, the Pacific Northwest has had a lot of difficulty. You've got droughts in some other places. So the ag business took a pretty big hit this year, but that will definitely bounce back and that, and that should bounce back in pretty good shape. Other than that, across all of our segments and sectors, there's all sorts of puts and takes and some are in better shape than others, and that's just -- that's kind of the normal seasonal activity that takes place anyway.
Kyle White: Got it. And then you're fairly active in share repurchases this past quarter. Can you just talk about your thought process there? And should we expect you to continue to be active throughout 2023, given your healthy balance sheet and maybe just how you weigh those decisions versus any potential acquisitions?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, we'll be opportunistic as we've always been looking at these opportunities, whether it's a great acquisition came along and it made sense to us. We have the ability and the flexibility to take advantage of that type of use of cash. Same thing with share repurchase and dividends will continue to be something we keep in front of us and look at how do we provide the best return for our shareholders and also at the same time, be in a position to take care of our customer needs. So again, as I said in my prepared comments, as we go forward, we're in a great position to maintain the flexibility with our uses of cash and maintain a very strong balance sheet. And so none of that's changed. It's just part of our norm every day.
Kyle White: Sounds good. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. I think we might have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question today will come from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: When he asked about the cadence of how price adjustments flow through the P&L. And I think you suggested that it was not faster on the way down than it is on the way up. So I guess that kind of begs the question. So of the $50 that has already been reflected by PPW, is a significant share of that anticipated to already be showing up in the box prices in the first quarter? Or is a meaningful portion of that yet to come in the second quarter if we were just to assume prices were in PPW flat from here?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, Mark, as you can well imagine, I mean, the $50 has just come, has come in increments, I mean, may or may not hit a rate at which the price would change based on the contracts. All these contracts are very different and very different timing mechanisms. So that's why I said it's -- there's no -- you can't say that it's going to go down faster than it went up or vice versa. I mean it's just; it is what it is. And as these things cycle in, they'll cycle in uniquely, we've got some customers who have even asked us just to hold off at the moment because they're not confident of what may be taking place in reality. So we'll just have to -- I mean, as I said, it just -- it factors in and meters in a little differently than I'd say on the way up just because of the small incremental moves that take place.
Mark Weintraub: Is there any color you can help us with in terms of the proportion based on what you're seeing now, you would think would show up in the first quarter versus what might slide into the second, recognizing situations can change.
Thomas Hassfurther: I'll let Bob handle that.
Robert Mundy: Mark, it's Bob. So I would use sort of -- as Tom was indicating, based on how these things flow through and there's obviously different timing mechanisms and so forth. But however, I'd say roughly one-thirds or so you would see in the first and then two-thirds of what's happened so far showing up in the second quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Mark. Jamie, I think that concludes our questions.
Operator: Sir, that does conclude today's Q&A session. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I'd like to thank everybody for taking the time and look forward to talking with you with Tom and Bob and I in the April call. Take care. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining the Packaging Corporation of America’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Matt. Good morning and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s third quarter 2022 earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, the Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging Business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up and then we’d be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $262 million, or $2.80 per share, excluding special items third quarter 2022 net income was $266 million, or $2.83 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2021 net income of $257 million or $2.69 per share. The third quarter net sales were $2.1 billion in 2022 and $2.0 billion in 2021. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter excluding the special items was $477 million in 2022 and $464 million in 2021. Third quarter net income included the special items expenses of $0.03 per share primarily for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for the paper to containerboard conversion related activities, details of all special items that for the third quarter of 2022 and 2021 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.14 per share increase in third quarter 2022 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2021 was driven primarily by higher prices in mix in our packaging segment of $1.60 and pay per segment $0.23 cents. Lower interest expense, $0.04, a lower share count resulting from share repurchases, $0.04, and the lower tax rate, $0.02. These items were partially offset by operating costs which were $0.70 per share higher primarily due to inflation related increases in the areas of energy, repairs, materials and supplies, chemicals, labor and benefits expenses, as well as several other indirect and fixed cost areas. We also had inflation related increases in our converting costs which were $0.04 per share higher. The negative impact of lower volume was $0.52 per share in our packaging segment, and $0.05 cents in our paper segment. Freight and logistics expenses were $0.20 above last year, and scheduled outage expenses were $0.10 higher. We also had higher depreciation expense of $0.07, and other expenses of $0.04. The results were $0.03 above the third quarter guidance of $2.80 per share primarily due to the very sound implementation processes around our previously announced price increases in the packaging and paper segments, as well as the continued benefits generated from our mills and plants through process efficiency optimization efforts and material usage initiatives. Looking at our packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter 2020 of $467 million, with sales of $1.9 billion resulted in a margin of 24.1% versus last year as EBITDA of $467 million with sales of $1.8 billion and 25.5% margin. Our teams did a tremendous job of implementing our previously announced price increases. However, demand in our packaging segment was well below our expectations for the quarter. Tom will discuss this further in a moment. The containerboard mills operated in an efficient and cost-effective manner as we balanced our supply with current domestic and export demand. As part of the effort, we began the scheduled maintenance outage in the first phase of the No. 3 machine conversion to containerboard at our Jackson Alabama mill a few weeks earlier than originally planned. Total economic related downtime for the third quarter was approximately 128,000 tons. The outage and conversion work at Jackson will be completed in the fourth quarter. And we will remain committed to ramping up our internal capacity according to our customers demand requirements. Finally, although we are still experiencing historically high inflation within our operating and converting costs, our mills and plants continued to remain focused on delivering numerous cost reduction initiatives, efficiency improvements, and integration and optimization enhancements and capital benefit -- capital project benefits that helped minimize the impact. I'll now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on the containerboard sales and corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, we continue to get excellent realization from the implementation of our previously announced price increases across all product lines, domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.54 per share above the third quarter of 2021 and up $0.35 per share compared to the second quarter of 2022. Export containerboard prices and mix were up $0.06 per share compared to the third quarter of 2021 and up a $1.00 per share compared to the second quarter of 2022. The lower demand in our packaging segment that Mark spoke of was driven by several items, the combined impact of which resulted in our volumes being much lower than we anticipated. Corrugated product shipments were down 6% in total and per workday, compared to last year's third quarter. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 57,000 tons below last year's third quarter and 61,000 tons below the second quarter of 2022. The ongoing inventory correction in the retail channels is larger than originally thought and significant inflation continues to negatively impact consumers purchases at both durable and non-durable goods. In addition various events and issues in 2021 and this year, including the recent hurricane in Florida, continue to have a negative effect on the agriculture and protein markets. Demand is beginning to experience headwinds from the cooler housing markets as well. These things combined with rising global interest rates, deterioration in US economic conditions, economic weakness in China and Europe. Along with China's zero tolerance COVID policy all negatively impacted domestic containerboard and box demand. As we look from the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we expect the majority of these conditions to continue. And in addition, there are four less shipping days in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at the paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $33 million, with sales of $165 million or a 20% margin compared to the third quarter of 2021 EBITDA of $18 million, and sales of $150 million or a 12% margin. Prices and mix were up 21% from last year's third quarter and moved 6% higher from the second and into the third quarter of 2022 as we continue to implement our previously announced price increases. Sales volume was about 9% below last year's third quarter primarily due to this year's scheduled outage at our International Falls mill as well as last year's third quarter that included paper sales from the Jackson mill's No. 1 machine. The outstanding efforts around implementing our latest price increase, together with optimizing the cost structure, inventory and product mix delivered excellent margins in the paper business. Now I'll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. Cash provided by operations and free cash flows at all time quarterly records at $431 million and $251 million, respectively. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $180 million. Common stock dividends totaled $117 million, $77 million for federal and state income tax payments, pension and Other Post Employment benefit contributions of $51 million and net interest payments of $4 million. In addition, we repurchased 1,032,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $137.60 per share, for a total of $142 million. We ended the quarter with $794 million of cash including marketable securities, and our liquidity on September 30, was $1.1 billion. Lastly, our planned annual maintenance outage expense for the fourth quarter is now expected to be about $0.38 cents per share, or $0.11 cents per share higher moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead as we move from the third and into the fourth quarter as Tom mentioned, we see most of the issues and economic conditions and higher global interest rates that impacted third quarter packaging segment demand continuing. Our box plants will have four less shipping days compared to the third quarter. And we also expect a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products as well as lower average export containerboard prices. We will run our containerboard system based on this demand outlook along with completing the Jackson, mill scheduled annual maintenance outage in the first phase of the containerboard conversion work on the No. 3 machine. In our paper segment, we will continue to implement our previously announced $60 per ton price increase on all office printing and converting grades that took effect on September 6. However, volume will be lower compared to the seasonally stronger third quarter. As Bob mentioned, scheduled annual outage expenses will be $0.11 per share higher than the third quarter. Lastly, we expect slightly higher operating costs, primarily labor and benefits expenses, along with anticipated colder weather resulting in higher energy costs. Considering all of these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $2.22 per share. With that we'll be happy to entertain any questions but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that Matt, I'd like to open up the call for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, this is Sandy Liang on behalf of George Staphos, he had a small conflict. First, can you please discuss your early 4Q booking and billing trends? And to the extent that you can share are customers continuing to destocking the supply chain? Thank you very much.
Tom Hassfurther: Sandy, this is Tom. Good morning. So far, our bookings and buildings are running about 5% below last year. The, you asked about stocking and some inventory issues. I will tell you that I think the good news is, well, first of all, we didn't predict that it would last as long as it is in terms of this inventory issue. There was obviously coming out of the pandemic retailers and other customers stocked up significantly to try to meet the record-breaking demand that they saw and wanted to o maintain that. And of course, that demand has now waned some. In addition, we find that they ordered excessive number of boxes as well to meet that kind of demand. So we are going through this period right now of pretty severe inventory adjustment. That's what we're seeing primarily in these down volume numbers. And that's going to take a while to work through the system. We thought that it was going to work through the system and about 30 or 60 days. But this looks like it's going to be probably a couple of quarters to get through this completely.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. So following up on the demand questions. Could you ballpark and I realize this is just judgment, but yours is certainly going to be as good or better than anybody else's? How much that inventory destock might have contributed to the down 6% realizing there are other factors you highlighted as well.
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, this time again, it's significant. There's no question about it. And it's the primary number. It's quite interesting that just -- as of yesterday, as a matter of fact, I mean, we had a fairly large customer at one of our plants, who sent an email in and said, I have finally run down my excessive inventory. I'm now ready to order again. So we probably lost in a lot of cases, one or two of the typical order cycles that some of these customers would go through as they went through this destocking of inventory.
Mark Weintraub: And then you mentioned you thought, where it is originally 30 to 60 days, maybe it's going to be a couple of quarters. So is that your best? Is it right to interpret that as meaning we had it in the third quarter and you're hopeful that we'll run -- we'll be done with it through the fourth quarter? Or might it go beyond there? And do you anticipate it's going to be continuing at as high level as what we saw in certainly that the latter part of that third quarter?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, obviously, I can't predict the future. But I can tell you that. I believe that when you look at our fourth quarter, as I mentioned, there are a lot of other factors going into the fourth quarter and including this destocking. So if you look at those numbers, and you think about those, you would see that the trend is probably we'll begin to work our way out of this inventory issue. But we've got some other headwinds as well, as I mentioned, especially like the ag business in the south that was impacted by the hurricane, and that those crops are either going to be delayed or in some cases lost completely. So we, I, the only -- I've never experienced this, to be honest with you in my entire career. So this severity of this building the inventories, the lead times, the box plants got to and kind of in some cases almost a panic buy boxes because they couldn't ship their products without it obviously. So it's just going to take a little while to work through this, I look back at the great recession. And it was kind of interesting there because in the Great Recession, it took a couple of quarters for the cycle to finally turn and the business to really turn up beginning it still wasn't equal to the previous year that took a few more quarters. But the first two quarters were the big jumps. So that's the only thing I've really got it to compare to. And so I think when you think about how many boxes somebody can store, or how much product they can have and get rid of, I would think that through this Christmas season, you'll see a lot of destocking take place.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Thanks so much, everyone. Hope you're well. Tom, just one more question about that the, are you seeing it at the retail level at your customer? To your point, I just -- I wouldn't think that your customers could store would have room to store that many boxes. So I'm just a little perplexed as to where exactly that destocking is taking place and how much longer it could last for?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, let me get specific on that. Adam. I mean, what we're talking about destocking is we're talking about customers that built their own inventories of their own products, to hopefully continue to meet a demand curve, that was quite steep and quite good for them. And all of a sudden, when that demand leveled out, they're sitting on a lot of their own inventory, that coupled with the lead times that got out in boxes, they had to store more boxes as a result of those lead times. And those lead times have now come back down to a more normal level. So just be it by coming back down to a normal level you can miss a whole order cycle.
Adam Josephson: Got it, okay. But even though they've come back to normal lead times, they're still sitting on, it seems like much too much inventory for --
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, in some cases, yes. I just told you about a big a large customer, one of our plants that is now ordering again, but they didn't order. I gave you another example, a very large account of ours, through mid-year was up about a little over 3%. And suddenly, the next month, it was down 50%. Now, this isn't lost business, this isn't anything other than just they've got --they have excessive inventory, that they're going to have to work off for a while. So we got to get through this cycle.
Adam Josephson: Yes, no, I appreciate that. Bob, just on the guidance, can you just walk me through the implied sequential change that the $0.60 decline? I believe you said maintenance is going to be $0.11 higher sequentially so leaves another call it $0.50. Can you help me with how much is inflation? How much is lower containerboard export? How much is the Jackson conversion work, et cetera? And then within that, Bob, how much would you consider essentially onetime items, for instance, elevated maintenance relative to normal, et cetera? If you catch my drift?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Adam. I'll say as Mark mentioned in his comments, we expect to run our containerboard system similar to this -- with the same types of issues we had in the third. So when you consider that I'd say about half of that sequential movement will end up in the volume side of so in the balance of that -- the items that are probably higher versus what we would normally see going from third quarter to fourth quarter, really a couple of buckets, primarily energy for obvious reasons, and labor and benefits again, for some obvious reasons as that continues to just increase with the situation with the labor force. I'd say one other item that might be a little bit different as well is on the freight side, we certainly are seeing some improvement in the freight world right now. But when you're matching supply with demand, you're not always able to optimize your routes, and you may be shipping things more on one mode versus the other than normal or for longer distances. So that is a reason that we expect that to be up a bit going from 3Q to 4Q.
Adam Josephson: Yes. I appreciate that. And Mark just on the buyback. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the average price of 137 was comparable to what you did in 4Q of last year. Were you doing that as demand, like before, after demand did what it did. And I'm just wondering about your thoughts about where the stock is now versus what you've been paying for buybacks in recent quarters, in light of the recent demand weakness and otherwise.
Mark Kowlzan: As we went through the third quarter, we saw an opportunity based on where the stock price was at the time that it was a good value for us to buy back. And we look at it as a conviction opportunity that we see the value there. We have the cash and took advantage of it. It is historically in line with what we did last year at this same time in the fourth quarter. And long term, I think under the circumstances, we will continue to take advantage and be opportunistic in the same manner.
Adam Josephson: Just one last one on that. If you were to compare potential acquisitions to further buybacks, is there one, at this juncture that's looking more attractive to you than the other or not necessarily?
Mark Kowlzan: Not necessarily. Again, I think, again, we see value in terms of the stock buyback during the third quarter. And so you would have to imagine where the stock is today, we have that same type of conviction. And so we'll update you on the January earnings call on what we actually did. But I think you have to understand, if we do hit the $2.22 number that we're guiding to, we're going to have an $11 earnings year. And so it's going to be a record year for us once again. And so again, I'm going to use the term conviction, we believe strongly that there's a much higher value in the embedded in the stock valuation.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phillip Ng with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, Mark, Tom, Bob, this is John [Inaudible] on for Phil. Appreciate the color, I want to start off with your own inventory levels. I mean, they picked up sequentially ahead of the day three outages as you're planning. But obviously the demand outlook has worsened quite a bit. Can you just give us some color on how you're viewing your own internal inventory levels on the containerboard side, and is there any economic downtime baked into your guidance?
Mark Kowlzan: When we went into the third quarter, we historically, third quarter is always a robust quarter, people are getting ready for holiday activity. And so you also come out of the second quarter, which is traditionally a bigger annual outage quarter when you've taken mills down and you run your inventory down to the lower side. So you will always try to start building back up during that July-August period, which is what we did. Obviously, the demand did not materialize. So we course corrected and ran to demand. And so we will continue to do this. I think as far as inventory targets, we don't have a specific target as such, we're looking at what Tom is understanding about what the market is doing on his side of the business and what we would imagine we would need to supply that. And we will continue to run our mills in that regard to meet the demand. We got a lot of flexibility. We will be finishing up the Jackson work sometime in November. And then we will again be using the term run to our demand.
Unidentified Analyst : Understood. I guess leading up to this quarter, you had talked about being still pretty tight on inventories. Obviously, there's of course correction, I'm sure there it's a little bit of a moving target in terms of the inventory levels. But I guess my takeaway is that you're feeling comfortable with your inventory levels. Now there isn't some big destock that you feel like you have to do yourself with the pullback on the demand side.
Mark Kowlzan: No, we're in a good place, and again, we're at a place now we can move the tons and inventories where we see we need to move. So we're in a healthy place.
Unidentified Analyst : Great. Okay. And then just shifting over to the paper side. My expectation I thought from last quarter was that paper volumes would be about flat sequentially in the third quarter. Obviously, it came in much higher seasonally stronger quarter. Was there anything that kind of stood out on the paper side for drivers that we should expect maybe going forward?
Mark Kowlzan: No, just again it was good quarter for us. We've also right size, the business we've got International Falls, running in a manner now in terms of its split between cut size and offset converting type grades. And so we're in a good place there. We worked off the final inventory from the Jackson production that was produced last year. So we see the market is in a balanced place right now. And we're capable of supplying the nationwide demand we have.
Operator: Our next question will come from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning. Hey, we've seen a big step down in OCC over the last couple of months. And an understanding you have more of kind of a version levered system, I think you've made some investments in recent years to add flexibility there. I'm just wondering if you can remind us how much OCC, you can consume, how much you can swing into potentially to take advantage of some of these low costs. Any thoughts there?
Mark Kowlzan: I think the best way to look at it is on a percentage basis, if you think about the total capacity of our mills system would still be around at 20%, low 20% capability of fibering up our mills. And so it's whether at a point in time with pricing, you're running 15% recycled to the system, or taking advantage of opportunities on pricing availability, and ramping it up into the lower 20% recycle. I think that's how we look at it. And that's the kind of capability we have.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And then there are some competitor capacity projects that maybe will come online by the end of the year or early next year. I think some of those have explicitly targeted the independent box market. You have a very high integration rate I guess, to the extent that you can, are you seeing any of that new capacity in the market? Or entering discussions, or does your integration rate kind of insulate you from that? Just any thoughts about some of these new projects and impact on the market whether you're seeing it or not?
Mark Kowlzan: I'll let Tom comment on it.
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, we are at number one as you summarized it correctly based on our integration level. That's been a target of ours, a very high integration level. That's where we come from. What and we've said many, many times, what other people decide to do and the investments they decide to make that strictly up to them. And we've talked about what we see the independent market being or the quote, unquote, open market, and what's happened to acquisitions over the last decade or more. That's -- that market has changed quite dramatically in terms of size. So I would just say that it's really, it's, we're a little bit ambivalent to what others decide to do.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Thanks so much, everyone. Tom, I was just one more thought which is in 3Q shipments were down six and you're talking about issues, yes, in 4Q your time up, bookings and billings down about five. Can you just remind me how that compares to 2019 levels? And what you think a reasonable expectation for demand is at this juncture, relative to '19 level, there have been obviously, so many distortions at the onset of the pandemic and thereafter. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that issue?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, well, Adam we will still be quite a bit above 2019 levels. So in spite of this, and I think that a big portion of this is as I said, inventory restocking. So I haven't changed, I really haven't changed my viewpoint, even from the last call we had, in terms of that we will retain quite a bit of the gains that took place during the pandemic going forward. This isn't severe demand destruction or anything like that, obviously, inflations have taken some toll. But this is more of a couple of quarter phenomenon, I think regarding these excessive inventories.
Adam Josephson: And what gives you confidence in that, that you would hold some of the volume you gained, post 2019, just again, given that there was this extraordinary surge with all the government stimulus, you name it, and now we're seeing the other side of that. So I guess what would give you confidence that you would hold those post 2019 gains, if you will?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, a couple things, no different from you having a discussion with me about my viewpoints, I have the same discussions with our customers about their business and about what they project going forward. And based on their forecasts, and what they see and what they expect to be doing in their business, the capital investments that are making in their businesses, et cetera. I have a high degree of confidence. The other thing that gives me some confidence is regarding the consumer themselves, consumer spending and the consumer relative to savings and other things like that is held up pretty well, in spite of this big step up in inflation. So I think some of these things, some of these phenomena we're dealing with here in the short term are going to wane, and it's going to be relatively positive going forward.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate and just went I think you mentioned that the impact that COVID lockdowns are having, yes, COVID lockdowns in China, excuse me are having on domestic demand. Can you just talk about just give your perspective as to the impact on the US economy from what's happening in China?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, interestingly enough we set the all-time record for onshoring of manufacturing, just in the last quarter in the US. It's not talked about very much. And it's a little subtle, but certainly very impactful for our business. And I think that'll continue to be the case. I can tell you that supply chains are still a big problem. It's been -- it continues to be a problem for our customers who rely on certain parts or chips or whatever the case might be coming from China, and the continuous disruption of that supply. That's beginning to really drive more onshoring not only here in the United States, but in Mexico and other related countries that border the US, which will be much more beneficial going forward for our box business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Just, first of all, just a clarification, you had mentioned that outages, I think we're going to be about $0.11 higher than you had previously anticipated in the fourth quarter. Did I hear that right? What is that number kind of on a per share basis expected to be in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
Bob Mundy: Mark, it's $0.11 going from the third quarter into the fourth quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. So it was like $0.26 or so in the third quarter going to $0.37.
Bob Mundy: It was, yes, it was like 20, yes, $0.26, $0.27, yes
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Very good. And then the other question I have is, with the Jackson project, and one of the things that was also going to do was reduce your costs meaningfully? And hopefully under a certain environment that would show up in 2023. Is that dependent on demand, getting back to strong levels? Or are there ways you can run your system that benefits is going to show up regardless, do you think or, again, if it that, it'll show up? But we'll have to wait until that demand is back to stronger levels?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, you just answered your own question. When you run the mill, the way it's designed in the way we're finishing up the work that we're doing, it will be a low-cost operation for us. And so we built that capability into it, and we'll be able to take advantage of it. But as we stand by the position that we will run the entire system to demand and that means rationalizing from a nationwide point of view where we need the tons to come from.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, so basically, for the full benefit, obviously, you need demand to get stronger. That's the right conclusion.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you. Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Thank you for joining us on the call today and we look forward to talking with you in January for the full year fourth quarter earnings event. Take care. Have a good holiday.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining the Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2022 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, the Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results, and then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I'll then wrap things up, and then we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $301 million or $3.20 per share. Second quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.02 per share, primarily for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper to containerboard conversion-related activities. The details of the special items for both the second quarter of 2022 and 2021 were included in the schedules that accompanied their earnings press release. Excluding special items, second quarter 2022 net income was $304 million, or $3.23 per share, compared to the second quarter 2021 net income of $207 million, or $2.17 per share. Second quarter net sales were $2.2 billion in 2022 and $1.9 billion in 2021. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter, excluding the special items, was $533 million in 2022 and $397 million in 2021. Excluding the special items, the $1.06 per share increase in second quarter of 2022 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2021 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $2.04 and volume, $0.12 in the Packaging segment, and higher prices and mix in the Paper segment of $0.18. Scheduled outage expenses were favorable by $0.08 per share. Interest expense was lower by $0.03. A lower share count resulting from 2021 repurchases was favorable by $0.03 and other items were favorable $0.03 per share. These items were partially offset by $0.95 of inflation-related operating costs, particularly with energy, fiber, chemicals, operating labor, repair labor and materials and several other indirect and fixed cost areas. Freight and logistics expenses have now moved higher for eight quarters in a row and were $0.25 per share above the second quarter of 2021. We also had inflation-related increases in our converting costs, which were higher by $0.10 per share and depreciation expense was up $0.08 per share over last year. Volume in our Paper segment was lower by $0.06 per share compared to last year when we were still running uncoated freesheet, our number one machine, at the Jackson, Alabama mill, and our tax rate was higher by $0.01 per share. Results were $0.40 above the second quarter guidance of $2.83 per share primarily due to higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment, lower scheduled outage expenses of $0.07 per share resulting from the postponement of the international falls outage from the second quarter to the third quarter and lower fiber and energy costs resulting from efficiency and usage initiatives. Looking at the Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the second quarter of 2022 of $525 million with sales of $2.1 billion, resulted in a margin of 25.4% versus last year's EBITDA of $409 million and sales of $1.7 billion or 23.8% margin. We had great execution of our previously announced price increases and demand in our Packaging segment was solid with corrugated demand about flat with last year's record second quarter, along with demand out of our containerboard mills generating new second quarter production and sales volume records. Even with record production from our mills, we still ended the quarter with weeks of containerboard inventory supply below our historical levels due to demand needs from both internal and external customers. We will be attempting to build some much needed inventory during the third quarter, ahead of the significant fourth quarter outage at the Jackson, Alabama mill for the first phase of the number three machine conversion to virgin linerboard. We're still experiencing significant inflationary headwinds in our operating costs as well as freight and logistics expenses. However, our mills and plans continue to do an outstanding job of meeting our customers' needs while delivering on numerous cost reduction initiatives, efficiency improvements, integration and optimization enhancements and capital project benefits to maximize our returns and margins. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on the containerboard sales and our corrugating business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, total corrugated product shipments and shipments per day were essentially flat compared to last year's record second quarter, which was up 9.6% versus the previous year. Outside sales volume of containerboard was about 41,000 tons above last year's second quarter, which was our lowest outside volume quarter for 2021, but 6,000 tons below the first quarter of this year due to the lower export shipments, strong internal demand and managing through the scheduled maintenance outages at our mills. Very good implementation of our previously announced price increases, together with profitable revenue growth and mix enhancements, delivered significant value for us during the quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.89 per share above the second quarter of 2021 and up $0.76 per share compared to the first quarter of 2022. Export containerboard prices were up $0.15 per share versus last year's second quarter and up slightly compared to the first quarter of 2022. As it pertains to our converting facilities, I'd like to reemphasize some of what Mark was pointing out regarding the many things we do to meet our customers' needs, help offset inflation and improve our margins beyond just price increases. Our operations improvement and capital spending strategies in the corrugated plants have been extremely successful and put us in a position to serve our customers better than ever before, even against the backdrop of unprecedented supply chain and logistical challenges. Improving the processes, technology and equipment in our plants and optimizing our geographical footprint is driven by our customers' needs and improving our capabilities to grow with them. This strategy also improves our operating and converting efficiencies and delivers cost savings in several areas throughout our facilities. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items, in the second quarter was $32 million with sales of $150 million or 21% margin compared to second quarter 2021 EBITDA of $12 million and sales of $142 million or an 8.2% margin. Sales volume was about 12% below last year's second quarter when we were still producing paper on the number one machine of the Jackson, Alabama mill versus producing corrugating medium in this year's second quarter. Paper prices and mix were 19% higher than last year's second quarter and 5% above the first quarter of 2022, resulting from our previously announced paper price increases. Also, as mentioned earlier, we had to postpone the maintenance outage scheduled at the International Falls, Minnesota mill from the second quarter to the third quarter of this year due to excessive flooding in the area during the weeks prior to the outage. The outstanding efforts around implementing our latest price increase, together with optimizing the cost structure, inventory and product mix delivered excellent margins in our Paper business for this quarter. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. For the second quarter, we generated cash from operations of $324 million and free cash flow of $135 million. Key cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $189 million, common stock dividends of $94 million, cash taxes of $127 million and net interest payments of $35 million. We ended the quarter with $667 million of cash on hand or $811 million, including marketable securities. Our liquidity on June 30th was $1.1 billion. Primarily due to the postponement of the International Falls scheduled outage from the second quarter to the third quarter, our scheduled outage expense will increase from $0.20 per share in the second quarter to $0.27 in the third quarter, and we are estimating $0.44 per share in the fourth quarter. This results in the total company estimated cost impact for the year totaling to $1.06 per share. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the second into the third quarter in our Packaging segment, although the majority of our previously announced price increases were recognized in the second quarter, the remaining portion will be implemented during the third quarter. In our Paper segment, we will continue implementing our previously announced price increases. And yesterday, we notified our customers of an additional $60 per ton price increase on all office printing and converting grades effective with shipments beginning September 6th. As I mentioned previously, we began the quarter with containerboard inventories below our target. So we plan to build some inventory ahead of the fourth quarter outage at the Jackson, Alabama mill when we'll begin that first phase of the number three machine conversion to virgin linerboard. With economic conditions continuing to be negatively impacted by broad-based inflation and aggressive interest rate increases, we see corrugated products growth as softening in the quarter, but demand still firm as certain end markets work through their current supply of inventory. We expect continued inflation in most all of our operating and converting costs to be primarily driven â to be the primary driver of the third quarter results. Higher gas, purchased electricity and chemical prices, along with a very tight labor market and contractual wage increases driving labor costs higher are expected to be the key areas during the quarter. However, we also still have particularly high inflation-driven costs in repair labor and materials, pallet costs, property rents, outside services and many other indirect and fixed cost areas. Although we're beginning to see improvements in truck and driver availability as well as some moderating diesel costs, continued rail service challenges along with rail fuel surcharges that typically lag diesel fuel prices by 30 to 60 days should also result in higher freight and logistics expenses. And finally, as Bob indicated, scheduled outage costs will be $0.07 per share higher due to the International Falls mill outage that was postponed from the second to the third quarter. Considering these items, we expect the third quarter earnings of $2.80 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call today constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Matt, I'd like to open the call for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  And our first question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi. Thank you. Good morning everybody. Thanks for all the details, Mark, Tom and Bob. The first question I had, if you could give us a bit more color to the volume and end market trends that you're seeing. You're saying you expect growth to soften, should we take that as actually we should see lower volumes 3Q versus 3Q? How would you sort of guide us or give guardrails around that? And you mentioned some end markets working through some inventory. If you could perhaps give us some color on which end markets and which inventories are being worked down? Is it finished goods inventories for your customers at retail? Or is it their inventories of paper and perhaps boxes? And then I had a couple of quick follow-ons.
Tom Hassfurther: Hi, George. This is Tom. Let me see if I can answer that questionâ¦
George Staphos: Hi, Tom. Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning. Let me see if I can answer that question, which is going to take a little while to work through. But right now just to give you a little color on where we are, we're now billing about 2% below a year ago and â but the bookings trends are starting to go up a little bit. So I think we'll be â third quarter is going to be flattish, probably, as we said, which is maybe to down just a little bit. But we're feeling good about the amount of volume that we have and that we're basically retaining all of those gains that we â that took place during the COVID years. Right now, I think, we're going through â we've been going through a cycle, probably the last 30 days and leading into another short-term period going forward, where our customers have excessive amounts of inventory. And this is not inventory of boxes. This is inventory of their finished products. Almost to a company, they've said that they built inventory based on the demand curve that took place during the COVID years, and that demand curve is now flattened. They're not saying that their business is going to be down, but that it's just flattening. And I think those are good â I think those are â that's a good trend, quite frankly, and a good trend for our business because it was kind of fits where we were hoping to be, and that was to retain all those significant gains we had over the last couple of years. And they feel like â and they feel very confident that once they work through these inventory issues, which I think is really our short-term problem at the end of the second quarter leading into the third quarter, once they come out of that, they're going to go back to demand trends that are more equivalent to where they were last year.
George Staphos: Tom thanks for that. My two quick follow-ons and I appreciate all the color. Is there a way, Bob or Mark, to bridge 2Q to 3Q? We obviously have the outage swapping, call it, $0.07. Would it be fair to say the $0.40 in total sequential change from 2Q to 3Q that maybe volumes and the decremental margins are maybe $0.15 to $0.20, and then the higher cost that you cited are the residual in terms of getting to that $0.40? And then recognizing you don't want to give up too much color here, can you talk about what went particularly well in terms of your execution on pricing and mix such that you were better than your expectations going into the quarter? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Hey, Bob, why don't you go ahead and start that and then we can let Tom finish that.
Bob Mundy: Yes. Yes. Yes. Hi, George. Yes, you're pretty close, George. If you look at Tom's comments regarding third quarter volume and as we've indicated, we still have a little bit of a tailwind from the latest price increase that we'll work through into the third quarter. The net of that is certainly â that's a positive number between those two, but it's the inflationary components. And the ones that we pointed out in the release with freight costs and logistics costs because primarily on the rail side and chemicals, starch lime, soda ash, resins, all up again this quarter. But the largest hit is that with natural gas and purchased electricity. We went up almost 30% 1Q to 2Q and 2Q to 3Q it's another like 26% higher. And then you throw in the labor, we have some contractual wage increases that are â that come through this quarter in the mills and the box plants. And then you look at supplies and materials and operating items and so forth, the suppliers we get those from they had the same issues that we're dealing with around their costs and their labor and whatnot. So, that gets priced into what we buy from them. So it becomes a rather large number that offsets that positive that we see between the price tailwind and the volume that Tom spoke to.
George Staphos: Understood. And on just pricing execution, what went better?
Bob Mundy: Yes, I think, everything across the board went very well into price execution and continues to be so. I would add in addition, when it comes to volume, when you go through a price increase, I mean, you have to be prepared to perhaps lose some volume as a result of raising prices or improving your mix or whatever the case might be, which, as we've said in the past, we've always been prepared to do, and we'll continue to be prepared to do. George, you also asked about end markets and I'll give you just a little color on where we see some of those end markets. And simply put e-commerce is still going up, not at the growth rate it was, but it's still growing. Food and beverage has held its own and has been very steady. The biggest decline has come in the durables area, which you would have expected if volumes jumped let's say 15% to 30% over the last couple of years in some of these durable markets all of those customers expected their volumes to go back down to 2019 levels and to moderate. So that's no big surprise to us. But certainly an end market that is not going to retain all of the gains and the rate going forward. But it's one of the smaller segments for us.
George Staphos: Thank you very much, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Roxland with Truist. Please go ahead.
Mike Roxland: Thanks very much. Congrats guys on a very good quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Mike.
Mike Roxland: Just wanted to follow-up Tom, on the comment you just made in response to George's question in terms of durables and one of the smaller one of the smallest segments for PKG. Is there any way to quantify like what percentage durables represents of PKGâs overall mix?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, we don't really get into that kind of detail, Mike. But just trust me it's one of the smaller segments.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And then just following up on the mix, can you talk about some of the mix improvement that helped drive the beat during the quarter? And Tom you've also mentioned maybe being prepared to walk away from some business. So how much of the mix improvement was PKG being proactive and walking away from business versus customers just being upset with power prices?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think we've got an ability because of the setup of our box plants and sheet plants to make sure that we ran the business where it needed to be run. We took advantage of our entire system as opposed to just trying to focus on few plants. And listen, it was very difficult in that high demand curve business that we've been dealing with over the last few years with an incredibly tight labor market to satisfy all of our customers' needs. So, we had to be very focused on making sure that we were doing all the right things and that at the same time we were getting paid appropriately for all those things that we were doing. And so all in all, Mike, I mean, it's a very complex set of logistical challenges, scheduling challenges, et cetera, that we had to implement and the team did an incredibly good job, making sure that we were as efficient as we possibly could, satisfied all the customersâ needs and captured those opportunities that presented themselves.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And just one final question, in the press release, you called out lower fiber and energy costs resulting from efficiency and usage initiatives. Just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on what those initiatives are and whether they have been fully deployed through the mill and the box plant system, or if there is more runway for you to deploy them to drive costs lower? And I asked this question, realizing that you've really focused on optimizing your box plant system the last few years, following the optimization of your mills. And so I'm just wondering if there is any further runway ahead in your box plants.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Mike, this is something we do every day. And again, over the last five years, half a dozen years we've accelerated that process across the box plants, along with the mills. And so it's something that goes on every day, seven days a week, and we'll continue to go on and we will always find opportunities to make improvements with. That's one of the advantages of the organization. We have about 150 engineers and technology specialists that are dedicated to assisting with the mills and the box plants seven days a week. And so that will be an opportunity that continues to go on forever.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thanks very much and good luck in the quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: All right. Thanks Mike. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Mark, could we just start by maybe getting an update on sort of cost and cadence of the GenX and conversion efforts, because you're I think going to be doing some work in the fourth quarter you mentioned, and I think there is more work scheduled for next year. So if you could just help us with how the expenses on that are going to run and then sort of how the capacity at the mill will actually ramp up over time?
Mark Kowlzan: Just to call out the whole project, we were talking approximately $450 million of capital for not just the machine, but all of the associated work at the mill. And we're still on track with that. And I think this year we're probably somewhere in that $160 million type spend, next year we'll wrap that up with about a $100 million of final spend on the spring outage that we've got scheduled or the final phase that will take care of that machine. But we're on track for the original call out of about $450 million of total capital at the mill.
Mark Wilde: And Mark, when that's done, what will the capacity of the mill be? And what's, just in general terms, what will the fiber mix look like between kind of virgin fiber and recycle?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, we've talked that machine theoretically would have a capacity of just rounded off 700,000 ton a year type of capability under the optimal grade mix. As far as the fiber mix as we've done with all of our mills, we've built in a lot of flexibility, we're getting ready to start up the new OCC plant this summer. And so that will give us a tremendous opportunity to flex the virgin fiber to the OCC and some DLK. So I don't want to get into the specifics, it will be very similar to what we do at DeRidder and Counce mills as far as being able to move that fiber mix around and take advantage of the marketplace.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then Tom Hassfurther, I just wanted to talk a little bit about the converting business. I'm just curious from a broad perspective the impact on kind of productivity and cost that you see from kind of new corrugators and new converting equipment going in across the industry very similar to, I think, what you've just done up at Washington, because it seems like just an unprecedented period to me when I look across the industry broadly at the amount of new investment that's going on in converting, I don't know whether you would agree with that statement.
Tom Hassfurther: I would say that it's â I wouldn't call it unprecedented necessarily Mark, I think, it seems like that probably because there are so few suppliers to this industry anymore and the lead times are so far out that you are seeing announcements that are coming about, but if you really take into account, when they are actually going to go into place, you are looking at 18 to 24 months from now.
Mark Wilde: And in terms of like, just when you think about things like the project out in Washington recently, what kind of productivity or cost benefits do you get from kind of these new or bigger corrugators and also the new downstream converting equipment?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, there is no question. I mean, this equipment provides better cost structures and provides more productivity. But again, I think you have to use it based on, and you have to think of it based on what your mix is, the type of customers you're dealing with and what your expectations are to be able to service those customers. So, they are incredibly expensive investments and it's something that, I think, from PCA, I can only speak from PCA standpoint. From PCA's point of view we've consistently reinvested in our box plants and our mills obviously. We've hardly missed a beat in any given year, no matter what's happening in the economy. And I think that's served us very well. But again, our investments are all based on what our customers are telling us they need, and what they want us to do and how they need us to provide the products to them in a timely manner.
Mark Wilde: Yes, okay. And last one, does it lead you to kind of pivot away at all from the use of sheet plants that you've had over time? I mean, I think that you've probably had a higher proportion of specialty sheet plants than the rest of the industry.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I don't see any â for us, we're not pivoting away from that by any means. In fact, again, we're adjusting to the customer needs even in those facilities so that we can satisfy a complete array of customersâ demands as opposed to just a segment of their demands. So, it's still a very critical piece to how we go-to-market.
Mark Wilde: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: Mark thinking about the investments we've made in these sheet plants we've not only increased their productivity, but their efficiencies and their capability in terms of what Tom was talking about to satisfy whatever the customer needs and do it in a very efficient, effective fashion.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Very good. Thanks a lot, guys. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, trying to understand the increase in sequential cost, et cetera, third quarter versus second quarter, would that be similar in magnitude to what your expectations, similar in magnitude to what you experienced first quarter to second quarter? Is there any slowing you are seeing or any specificity there you could provide?
Bob Mundy: Yes. Yes, Mark, this is Bob. It's extremely similar to what we saw first quarter to second quarter. But actually on the energy side is where it's significantly higher, because like I said, cost went up in the first to second about almost 30% and now there is another 26 plus percent on top of that. So, that's probably the main difference from a cost perspective, but freight and so on and so forth are very similar. So you are not too far off.
Mark Weintraub: And historic because if I look back last 10 years, I think, all about one year you were up third quarter versus second quarter, obviously you typically don't have this experience of as big, an increase in cost second to third quarter. Are you and would you typically be getting some seasonal tailwinds, which you are sort of not factoring in this time around?
Bob Mundy: Well, one thing that's different is and that Tom mentioned it's on the volume side, because I think, typically if you go back that many years since you referred to, you wouldn't see volume flat to down a little bit. So that's a big difference 2Q to 3Q versus what we've done historically, I would say that stands out and the inflation of course, that you mentioned.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. That makes sense. All right, thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Mark, Bob, Tom, good morning. Thanks always.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning. 
Adam Josephson: Good morning, Mark. Tom would you mind just walking me through, so on the last call, I think, you said your bookings in April up about 3.5, for the quarter your shipments were about flat. Can you just help me with your shipment trends or your booking trends, however, whatever you want to talk about? How they trended throughout the quarter and then into July? And then I think, George asked about July and you mentioned that, I think, billings are down couple percent, but that bookings are starting to turn up. So can you just help us understand the distinction between all these terms that you are throwing out to measure demand?
Tom Hassfurther: Sure. Sure Adam, no problem. In April I believe I told you on the call that we were up about 3.5% at the time, and we ended up just shy of that at 3.2% in April. As you went through the quarter, we started to see that decline and we started to hear from those customers, as I mentioned earlier, that they were in a pretty severe inventory situation and they needed to work off some of that inventory. So, we've been seeing that and have been experiencing that over the last 90 days or so. And I think it looks as if maybe perhaps we're coming to the end of that. It's almost in timing and in concert with what some of the customers had to say. However, as you can probably well imagine are we in a recession, are we not in a recession, all these other things that are being talked about from an economic point of view, it leads us to take a fairly conservative approach to forecasting at this point in time. And in addition, we just, we came out of a price increase during that period of time as well. And we were implementing that price increase. And in some cases, as I mentioned earlier, you've got to be prepared to put some business on the line to do so. So, the price is obviously a bigger lever for us and that was an important part of our strategy to go execute. So, that's the best I can tell you is to the forecast going forward and where we are and where we've come through.
Adam Josephson: No, I appreciate that. And just to clarify the July, so if billings are down 2% month-to-date, can you help clarify that bookings comment that you made that more recently they have started to go up, just help us understand the distinction between the two and why they might seemingly be moving in different directions in July?
Bob Mundy: Well, I think, billings are from what happened already, bookings are looking out a few weeks to even a month in some cases. And so, you start to determine what's the correlation there. And I'm talking about on a volume point of view not on a â obviously not revenue point of view.
Adam Josephson: Right.
Bob Mundy: So, that's the big difference is I'm just looking at what happened already to date from the billings point of view. Yet from a booking standpoint, I can see a trend that's looking out another two and four weeks and that's getting better than the trend we saw in the billing.
Adam Josephson: Right. And so, based on that, I think, you said in response to one of Georgeâs other question that for the quarter, you are thinking flattish to down a bit year-on-year in terms of shipments, is that right?
Bob Mundy: Right, correct.
Adam Josephson: Got it. Okay. And also, Tom, just on the inflation, you mentioned freight, I think, having gone up for eight consecutive quarters and all other manner of costs have been highly inflationary for the last two years, for reasons we're all well aware of, if in fact we do go into a recession, what is your view as to what will happen to that inflation? How embedded do you think certain aspects of that inflation are versus energy and other costs that may be less so?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think, a lot of that inflation is embedded and I will tell you why, because we took this big jump in volume and the economy took a big jump over these last few years, unexpected, especially in our business. And I don't see us going down to 2019 levels or even 2020 levels anytime soon. I think we'll maintain a lot of that. And given what we've had and what we're dealing with right now, especially like you take labor shortages, as an example, labor shortages are impacting us. They are impacting the freight business, they are impacting every business. And I don't see that subsiding anytime soon, either. So, I think a lot of those â I think a lot of those costs are embedded now. Energy on the other hand, and some of these others, they can change on a dime, given demand and things like that. But some of these other things certainly in the box business are quite embedded.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that. And Tom or Bob, just 3Q to 4Q, just to make sure we're on the same page as you, can you help me with historically cost are up sequentially 3Q to 4Q as weather gets cold, or et cetera, use more energy, et cetera. And then you have the Jackson project going on. Is there anything we should keep in mind in terms of how much higher one could reasonably expect cost to be 3Q to 4Q seasonally or otherwise related to the Jackson project?
Bob Mundy: Well, yes, certainly for the Jackson project that you'll see a lot of that is in the â that scheduled outage sequential movement, Adam that goes, I think I said $0.44 in the fourth quarter. So that's a lot of where you'll see the Jackson impact. But as far as the other costs, I mean, yes, we don't expect them to be the, move sequentially. Like we were seeing, we expect to see between the second and third and frankly energy actually usually gets a little better because the temperatures are a little bit milder in the fourth quarter versus the hot summer months. So you expect some of your usages and some of your chemicals and energy and some of the wood yields and things like that. It typically gets a little better actually. So we would hope that you don't see near as large a sequential movement in cost going from 3Q to 4Q, but we'll see.
Adam Josephson: Got it. Thanks very much, Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phillip Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phillip Ng: Hey guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Phillip Ng: I guess, good morning. With the macro backdrop a little less clear at this point, any change in how you're thinking about phasing in Jackson ramp and how much confidence do you have those tons being sold out effectively when it comes online next year?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think it's important that we get this, this phase in the fall done because it's not just a matter of incremental tons, but it's significant cost reduction opportunity. And so along with next the sec â the final phase that will occur next year, that's another step in not only the productivity on the machine, but another big piece of the cost improvement that comes out of the mill. So it's imperative that we get these projects done and then going through the future as we always do, we will run to demand and we'll optimize our system.
Phillip Ng: Okay. And appreciating once it's fully ramped up from a cost profile, it's much enhanced, but remind us how that all plays out just because you're taking the mill down or it's probably not operating as ideally throughout next year. But from an EBITDA contribution, should we expect it to be up year-over-year? Flat down, just want to make sure what direction we're thinking about at least the right way?
Mark Kowlzan: 2023 over 2022?
Phillip Ng: Yes.
Mark Kowlzan: You'd expect it to be up.
Phillip Ng: Okay. All right. That's what I thought I just wanted.
Mark Kowlzan: Just for the very reason I said that not only the productivity incremental tons, but the significant cost reduction.
Phillip Ng: Okay, super. And if I may, energy standpoint, appreciating gas prices are really kind of perked up and that's hard to predict. Can you remind us how much gas â nat gas and electricity you consume from a cost standpoint, any hedges that you have in place?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We do hedge. We don't hedge all of our volume. We â it's a certain percentage of our volume and we constantly are monitoring that. Sometimes we're on the right side of that and sometimes you're not, and, but we've always done that and we'll continue to do that going forward. But we supply about 70 plus percent of our internal needs for energy. When the balance of that that other 30%, I'd say 80% 85% of that is tied to gas; so that's the â that's how it works.
Phillip Ng: Got it. And just one last quick one for me perhaps question for Tom. Appreciating that getting that mix gains in 2Q was very complicated, a lot of moving pieces. Should we expect those gains to be pretty sticky throughout the rest of the year?
Tom Hassfurther: Give me the second half of that. I didn't quite hear you, Phillip.
Phillip Ng: Should we expect the mix gains that you saw in 2Q to be pretty sticky in the back half this year?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. I think the mix change will be. I mean, our mix always changes a little bit in the third and fourth quarter, again. And I think you'll see some of that â some of the same issues, as I said going into the third quarter especially around inventory that's what's â that's what's creating some of â some of our issues at the moment, but I think that'll smooth out. So I think that'll be â that'll be a plus force in the third and fourth quarters.
Phillip Ng: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tom, Bob good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Bob Mundy: Good morning.
Gabe Hajde: I had a question about kind of tightness in the freight markets. I guess both trucking and rail that that you guys have referenced. So are you still inclined kind of to carry more inventory or safety stock to maintain acceptable customer service levels? And are you running behind this level or what you've historically have considered kind of comfortable safety stock, if you will? And then maybe, I don't know, I came up with you guys kind of process call it 14,000 tons per day across your whole system, kind of quantify the inventory levels that you would expect to build in the third quarter going into this, this big out outage at Jackson?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer it this way, if you think about the last two years, we've been struggling to achieve an adequate level of containable inventory through the system. We hope to get through this third quarter and actually pre-build some inventory to get ready for this big outage at Jackson in the fourth quarter. But again for the last two years it's been a struggle. Now that being said even though there is some incremental improvement in truck and driver availability, the rail side of the equation it remains very inefficient. And so it behooves us to try to build more inventory. We don't have the luxury of the short transportation times that we saw prior to 2020 and so you have to think that in terms of a lead time of getting a ton of container board from a mill to a box plant remains a challenge. And so essentially that has not improved significantly from where we were. And so we continue to be very mindful of what we do with our inventories and making sure that we have adequate container board stock to satisfy what the box plants need to take care of their customers. Tom, Bob, you want to add anything?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would just add Mark that that's â that those are the efficiency. Those are part of the efficiencies that you alluded to when you talked about the Jackson conversion. In addition to the Jackson mill operating, it also creates opportunities for us to be more cost efficient in terms of the way we're operating from a transportation point of view, and also making sure that we have the correct stock in each of our facilities to service our customers.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And I'll try to take a stab one more time, not interested in quantifying the level of inventory you're trying to build.
Mark Kowlzan: As far as inventory level, we don't generally talk about absolute numbers but if you think about the outage in November it's approximately a 30-day outage that's probably 35,000 or 40,000 tons of impact that we'll â that we'll have to deal with. So it would behoove us to try to accomplish a significant build this quarter to get through the fourth quarter. So if you think about where we've been and again not achieving the adequate levels, I think if you think about 30,000, 40,000 tons of incremental containable inventory, 3Q going into 4Q would be a desired goal. Bob, you want to add anything?
Bob Mundy: No.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thanks for that Mark. And then my second question and I suspect you'll probably defer, but when I look across your converting system, you do have a pretty good representation in the Northeast. But your mill system is kind of Southeast and obviously Michigan, Tennessee, et cetera. Any thought process or I don't want to say guidance, but view for potentially having a mill in the Northeast in the three to five-year planning horizon?
Mark Kowlzan: No comment.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks. Have a good one.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Take care. Next question, please.
Operator:  Our next question will come from John Tumazos from John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please give ahead.
John Tumazos: Thank you. There's a lot of literature about the consumer backing out of big brands because they're strapped and buying generic brands. Does it matter to PKG which brands the consumer buys because you sell the containerboard anyway?
Mark Kowlzan: Generally speaking it doesn't matter. Certainly to some individual customers, it might matter but as far as we're concerned we've got 16,000 plus customers we're dealing with from very large to, to quite small. Somewhere along the way those â that customer base is supplying those brands you mentioned. So for us and the broad base of customers we have it doesn't â it doesn't really impact us that much.
John Tumazos: Thank you for the good results.
Mark Kowlzan: You're welcome.
Tom Hassfurther: You're welcome.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Cleve Rueckert with UBS. Please go ahead.
Cleve Rueckert: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking my question, everybody, and nice job in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Cleve Rueckert: Very strong performance, it's impressive. I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the comments about maybe being willing to give up some business while you're trying to push a price hike through. I'm just curious if you're seeing competition increasing in the domestic U.S. market for your containerboard products?
Mark Kowlzan: We generally don't. We generally don't talk much about competition or some of the things that are going on in the market. Let's just put it this way that the market, as you can tell the volume and the market place in total remains very strong. In spite of the fact that I mentioned a little bit of pullback, because if you look at the gains we had over the last few years that put tremendous strains on the entire industry. So the entire industry is remains in my opinion very healthy and that's pretty much all I'm going to comment on.
Cleve Rueckert: Okay. Yes, that's fair enough. I just wanted to follow-up. And then we were talking about sort of the order book and bookings and Adam, asked several questions about it. I'm just curious about what the lead time is on your order book and those bookings? Not necessarily for containerboard to box plants, but for use of inbox customers. How much visibility do you have there and maybe how is that different versus what you saw in Q1 and in Q2?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, our lead times have come down, which is actually good because they got â they got way too far out as a result of the demand that â that we suddenly incurred along with the labor shortages we had the freight issues, other supply chain issues, as you can well imagine. So lead times â lead times had gotten out there quite a ways. We typically â we typically operate on very short lead times based on whatever our customer's needs and we're not â we're not back to that yet. We're working to get back there, but again we are still dealing with a lot of those same issues labor related, freight related, whatever it might happen to be we're still dealing with a lot of those issues and those are still impacting those lead times, but they have come down.
Cleve Rueckert: Yes. Yes. Okay. All right. That makes sense. And maybe, finally, sorry if I missed it earlier, but could you just â could you tell us again what the incremental capacity that you expect to get out of Jackson is, and when that comes on. Is that going to be sort of in the middle of next year after the spring outage? I'm just wondering what the ramp-up schedule is there?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you think about the production currently on the machine, the work that's being done in November will provide an opportunity, but it's probably about 125,000 tons of a year of extra opportunity on a machine from its current situation.
Cleve Rueckert: That's total once you're finished, its 125...
Mark Kowlzan: No. No, that's, that's this November's project. Again, so from where we are today and going through the project in November, we'd get about 125,000 tons of annualized opportunity on the machine. And then the final project next year you get about 140,000 tons more of productivity opportunity on the final phase, because you're talking about dryer â additional dryer cans and drying capacity in particular.
Cleve Rueckert: Got it. Got it. And you get...
Mark Kowlzan: But keep in mind again that's significant cost reduction that goes along with that.
Cleve Rueckert: Right, right.
Mark Kowlzan: Which falls right to the bottom line.
Cleve Rueckert: Exactly. Okay. That does it for me. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Hey, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Kyle White: Thanks for taking the questions. Yes, good morning. I want to go back to Phil's question on energy. Just curious, has the dynamics in the energy markets this year caused you to make any changes to your energy policy and how you manage this cost. I recognize you're not as exposed to nat gas, some other producers, but curious what levers you have to manage this risk?
Mark Kowlzan: No. Again we've the box plants essentially use natural gas across the board. The mills have the advantage of burning black liquor wood waste, and minimal amount of natural gas. It would be primarily used in a lime kiln as an example. But we don't have a lot of flexibility in that regard. You're tied to natural gas in the box plants and then a certain minimal amount in the mill. So it is what it is. So you have to buy that whether you hedge a portion or all or how you manage that. But no, the balance hasn't changed and again how we manage it quite frankly is the same today as we've looked at it probably over the last 10 years.
Kyle White: Got it. And then, and I think I missed this in the prepared remarks, but did you repurchase any shares during the quarter? And just think â how are you thinking about buybacks with the recent authorization you announced at the beginning of this year, and then also given the full back and equity value since the end of last quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. No, we didn't â did not buy back any shares this recent quarter. And as far as how we look at it, the keyword is opportunistic and so amongst ourselves, we know where we would be choosing to buy at any given time and we'll just leave it at that.
Kyle White: All right. It sounds good. I'll hand it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator:  Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today on the call and I look forward to speaking with you in the latter part of October with the third quarter results. Have a nice day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Patricia. Good morning, everyone and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2022 earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs the packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.  I'll begin the call with an overview of the first quarter results and then I am going to be turning the call over to Tom and Bob who will provide further details. And then I will wrap things up and we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $254 million or $2.70 per share. First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.02 per share primarily for certain cost at the Jackson Alabama mill for paper to containerboard conversion related activities. Details of the special items for both the first quarter of 2022 and 202 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release.  Excluding the special items, first quarter 2022 net income was $256 million or $2.72 per share, compared to first quarter 2021 net income of $169 million or $1.77 per share. First quarter net sales were $2.1 billion in 2022 and $1.8 billion in 2021. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter excluding special items was $467 million in 2022 and $342 million in 2021.  Excluding the special items, the $0.95 per share increase in first quarter 2022 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2021 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $1.83 and volume of $0.23 in the packaging segment; higher prices and mix in our paper segment for $0.15, a lower share count resulting from share repurchases for $0.03; and lower interest expenses of $0.02.  These items were partially offset by $0.71 of inflation-related operating cost increases, particularly with energy, fiber, chemicals, operating labor, and repair labor and materials. Freight and logistics expenses have now moved higher for seven quarters in a row and were $0.27 per share above the first quarter of 2021 and converting costs were higher by $0.11 per share driven by labor and materials expenses.  We also had higher depreciation expenses of $0.07, lower volume in our paper segment were $0.06, higher scheduled outage expenses, $0.05, a higher tax rate resulting from some favorable items in the last year’s tax rate of $0.03 and other costs $0.01. The results were $0.22 above our first quarter guidance of $2.50 per share primarily due to higher prices and mix and higher volumes in both our packaging and paper segments, operating cost improvements from efficiency and usage initiatives and favorable weather conditions.  Looking at the packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the first quarter of 2022 was $464 million with sales of $1,960 million, which resulted in a 23.6% margin versus last year’s EBITDA of $352 million and sales of $1.62 billion or a 21.7% margin.  Demand in the packaging segment remained very strong as sales volume in both our containerboard mills and our corrugated products plants had record-setting performances. The scheduled maintenance outages in our mills went very well and both machines at our Jackson, Alabama mill produced containerboard the entire quarter.  However, with strong internal and external demand, we ended the quarter once again with containerboard inventory levels below our targeted and historical levels. Although we still face unprecedented inflationary headwinds in our manufacturing costs as well as freight and logistics expenses, our facilities continue to deliver on numerous cost reduction initiatives, efficiency improvements, integration and optimization enhancements and capital project benefits to maximize our returns and their margins.  I’ll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on the containerboard sales and corrugated products business. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. As Mark mentioned, corrugated products and containerboard demand were very strong during the quarter. We set a new all time total box shipments record, as well as a new first quarter shipments per day record. Total volume in our corrugated products plants was up 2.9% and shipments per day were up 1.3% versus a very strong comp in last year’s first quarter, which for us was up approximately 8% over the prior year.  In addition to supplying to record internal needs of our box plants are outside sales volume of containerboard was 46,000 tons above the first quarter of 2021 owing to continued strong domestic and export demand. Outside volume was 26,000 tons below the fourth quarter of 2021 in order to help supply our strong internal demand while managing through the scheduled maintenance outages at our mills.  Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix contributed $1.60 per share above the first quarter of 2021 and were up $0.23 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Export containerboard prices were up $0.23 per share versus last year’s first quarter and up a penny per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.  The benefits of our disciplined approach for the implementation of price increases across our customer mix last year was a significant contributor to this year’s first quarter results. Very good execution of the initial implementation of our recent March price increase contributed to results in the first quarter, as well. I’d also like to point out that the capital spending and optimization strategy within our box plant system that we have been focused on over the last few years also plays a key role in our successful implementation process.  The investments from this strategy provide the products and service needs that our customers’ desire and allows them to grow, while focusing on the mix of customers we want to align and partner with.  I’ll now turn it back to Mark. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter was $0.29 with sales of $153 million or an 18.9% margin, compared to the first quarter 2021 EBITDA of $0.16 million and sales of $165 million for a 9.6% margin. As we mentioned on last quarter’s call, volume from our paper segment this year is expected to be fairly representative of the capacity at our International Falls mill.  Accordingly, sales volume was about 19% below last year’s first quarter when we were producing paper on the number one machine at our Jackson, Alabama mill. Paper prices and mix were 14% higher than last year’s first quarter and 6% above the fourth quarter of 2021 resulting from our previously announced paper price increases.  Also, in late March, we notified customers of $100 per ton price increase effective with shipments beginning May the 2nd for all office printing and converting papers. The efforts of our employees to optimize the cost structure, inventory and product mix in the paper business helped minimize the inflationary increases we are seeing and deliver solid returns in the quarter.  I’ll now turn it over to Bob. 
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. For the first quarter, we generated cash from operations of $339 million and free cash flow of $113 million. Key cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $226 million and common stock dividends of $94 million. We ended the quarter with $629 million of cash on hand or $778 million including marketable securities. Our liquidity on March 31 was $1.1 billion.  I want to update you on a revision to the scheduled mill maintenance outage guidance that we provided on last quarter’s call. Current plans and the scope of work has changed resulting at a revised total company estimated cost impact for the year of $1.04 per share versus the $1.13 per share previously. The actual impact in first quarter was $15 per share and the revised estimated impact by quarter for the remainder of the year is now $0.26 per share in the second quarter, $0.22 in the third and $0.41 per share in the fourth quarter.  I’ll now turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the first and into the second quarter, we expect demand in our packaging segment to remain very strong and we will continue implementing the previously announced price increases in both our packaging and paper segments. Volume in the paper segment will be lower with the scheduled outage at our International Falls mill and as Bob pointed out, total scheduled outage cost will be $0.11 higher than the first quarter.  We also anticipate continuing inflation with freight, logistics expenses as well as most of our operating costs although recycled fiber prices should be slightly lower. Considering all of these items, we expect second quarter earnings of $2.83 per share.  With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations, and projections of the company, and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements.  And with that, Patricia, I'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator:  Your first quarter comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
John Babcock: Hey, good morning. It’s actually John Babcock on the line for George. Appreciate for taking the time to answer my questions. I guess just first of all, I was wondering if you might be able to talk about the cadence on the price increase implementation this time and if there is any reason to believe it might be different relative to some of the hikes last year, that’ll be great. 
Mark Kowlzan: Go ahead, Tom. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yeah, the implementation is right on track just like the others. We have a very disciplined approach. We usually get the pass through over about a 90 day period. So, as I mentioned, we had some that was in the month of March. But the majority of the price increase will be in the second quarter. 
John Babcock: Okay. Thank you. And the next question, just as it pertains to trucking, I was wondering, if you could talk about what you are seeing in terms of spot rates for that? Also some of our contacts they just said prices might be dropping here. So just want to get any color that you might have.
Mark Kowlzan: Bob, do you want to add a little to that? 
Robert Mundy: Yeah, John, I’ll just say that, we are seeing a little bit of that relative to the spot market. There are various factors going on that showed a little improvement in the first quarter, but I think as most people would agree, that’s still far from being in an ideal situation and our guidance for the second quarter again we have our freight costs are going up probably another 5% or so. So, still a lot to be done there. 
Mark Kowlzan: I think you need to consider again that diesel still sitting at over $5 a gallon and that’s one of the predominant cost factors and although some of the drivers in the spot market will become more available, the cost remain at exceptional high levels. 
John Babcock: Gotcha. And then a last question before I turn it over. With I Falls downtime, maintenance downtime that you have this upcoming quarter, could you just talk about the normal steps that you would take to ensure the customers get the product they need and ultimately anything that you’ll do around inventory build, just to make sure that you are able to serve their needs. 
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, that’s a shutdown that’s been planned for the last six months. And so, it’s a weeklong outage that will take place in June. And so, you have to assume that we’ve already preplanned to have a necessary inventory and how we’ll take care of customers and so it’s really not an issue to our part of the shutdown planning. 
John Babcock: Okay, okay. Thanks, again. 
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please? 
Operator: We have your next question from the line of Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. 
Mark Wilde : Thanks. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tom. Good morning, Bob. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Good morning. 
Mark Kowlzan: Hey, Mark. 
Mark Wilde : Mark, just to start up, it seems like there is some awful lot of new investment in corrugating capacity including new wider corrugators kind of coming into the industry because we’ve been with very tight for box capacity. What impact is this having on mills and machine efficiency if any? 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, speaking for us, it’s really not a factor. We continue to invest in our own box plants over at least the half dozen years now. We’ve added new corrugators. There are certain optimal size corrugators that we prefer that some – a few have gone to the very large 130 inch type corrugators. Again, there is certain optimal levels. I don’t think there is a real strong relationship to mill efficiency and corrugator size necessarily. Tom, do you want to add a little further?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I would just say that if you got some narrow machines, that can create some issues relative to the wider corrugators. So that’s – that to me would be the largest impact you probably see in the mills is just some scheduling issues on narrow machines. 
Mark Kowlzan: From the old machines, yes.
Mark Wilde : Okay. Tom, and I am curious, it seems like over the last 18 months, we’ve been getting more reports about sort of subcontracting out of corrugated volumes during the pandemic. I think this is because of strong demand and the labor shortages. Have you guys seen any impact from this in your system that you have that subcontract out more? 
Thomas Hassfurther: I think, Mark, we have kind of a unique system from the standpoint of we have a lot of corrugated plants and we have a lot of sheet plants. So, I think in terms of flexibility, sometimes we have a little bit more than some of our competitors might. And that’s where I see a lot of this subcontracting as you call it is probably more in the independent sheet network as opposed to anywhere else. And like I said, we are able to handle that type of business. So, for us, now we are cutting up everything that we – all our demand internally. 
Mark Wilde : Okay. That’s helpful. Finally, Mark, I wonder if you could give us some updated timeline and ultimate capacity on the conversion to two machines at Jackson. 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, the primary emphasis at Jackson is that’s the number three machine and as we called out earlier this year, we pushed that outage off to October period because of supply chain issues. When that last phase is completed a year from now, we anticipate that the Jackson number three machine should have 700,000 ton a year capacity built into it. Right now, the number one machine, we are not planning on any significant upgrades at this time. We’ve got studies done as you would imagine. That would be an opportunity for the future if we choose to move in that direction. But we will have a good opportunity to absorb the full production of number three machine through later next year and into 2024. 
Mark Wilde : What was the capacity at number one be without the upgrade and then potentially what could that go to if you put some capital into in ballpark terms? 
Mark Kowlzan: Today, if you think about number one machine at Jackson with no capital investment, it’s somewhere under 25,000 tons a year type of runrate with the basis which we are running, which is a pretty good place to be considering we haven’t invested any capital in. 
Mark Wilde : Okay. Very good. I’ll turn it over. 
Mark Kowlzan: It’s like any other machine we talked about over the decades, it’s all a matter of capital, how much capital do you want to spend for on which capacity, because once you reach a certain critical point, you really get into diminishing returns, because now you are getting into the bigger pieces of capital required for back end infrastructure pulping and all of the related pulp capacity requirements. So, there is certainly an economic analysis that takes place that you quickly reach a peak return and then diminish. So, I think where we are with what we are looking at, if you are producing 700,000 tons a year on number three machine, and 120,000, 140,000 tons a year on number one machine, that’s a very good place for Jackson, Alabama to be on a cost and a profit curve. 
Mark Wilde : Okay. That’s helpful. I’ll turn it over, Mark. Thank you. 
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question please? 
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research. Your line is open. 
Mark Weintraub : Thank you. Congrats on another well executed quarter. First two follow-ups, one, you mentioned that it normally takes about 90 days to fully implement from board into box. So, can we conclude that a portion of the pricing will show up on an average basis in the third quarter as well that there will be some additional we’ll see a lot of that in the second quarter and then we should see some incremental as we average the numbers from quarter-to-quarter in the third quarter? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Hey Mark. This is Tom, yeah, that would be a good read in. 
Mark Weintraub : Okay. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Weintraub : And can you give us any sense if we look back historically what percentage might typically show up in that period within this case would be the third quarter? 
Thomas Hassfurther: No, it’s – I think, as I said, I mean, these things rolled in over a 90 day period. I mean, there are few accounts that have certain contracts that may go even beyond that, but for the most part it’s the 90 day period and we have indicated that there is some in March and that the bulk will be in the second quarter and yeah, there might be a little rollover into the third quarter. That’s the only guidance I can give you. 
Mark Weintraub : Okay. So, just a little up. Okay, thank you. And you mentioned the Jackson machine going to 700, but is it about 500,000 that – what’s the production capacity currently at Jackson?
Thomas Hassfurther: You are in that, probably 440,000 tons a year, 450,000 tons a year on that machine and again it’s just tons on the Grade Metro running and then the 125,000 tons. If you look at last year, running the machine for one quarter we produced 459,000 tons for the year for the first quarter we just produced 136,000 tons. So you are talking about for the full year runrate with which we continue to run at this pace somewhere 550,000 tons for the year expected out of Jackson. 
Mark Weintraub : Okay. Thank you. And then, lastly, you mentioned the packaging demand looking good into the second quarter, can you update us on what you are looking for in the first part of August – sorry, April?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yeah, from – so far in April, we are up 3.5% over and so, keep in mind though that last April, we were up 12%. So, this is a big, big jump on top of last April. So demand still remains very good. 
Mark Weintraub : I appreciate all the color. Thank you. 
Operator: We have your next question from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open. Phil Ng, your line is open. Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Anthony Pettinari : Good morning. 
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Anthony. 
Anthony Pettinari : Can you maybe talk a little bit more about inventory levels in terms of where you are versus where you’d like to be and maybe potential timeline for getting there. And then, given the supply chain constraints, I mean, do you think just structurally you might hold a higher level of inventory than in the pre-pandemic period? And then, I guess, finally, anything that your customers have said about their inventories that’s maybe worsened or gotten better or any kind of read from them? 
Mark Kowlzan: As we called out, we are still below where we would want to be. We are still below our historical target levels and a lot of it obviously has to do with the pandemic related supply chain, transportation matters. And so, we are into the heavy shutdown periods of a year as we come out of that. Things generally improve. But I think also part of your question, we would anticipate for the time being trying to hold a higher level than we had historically hold prior to the pandemic. But again with this volume continuing to grow with the rate it’s growing and logistics, supply chain issues, railroad trucking doing what they’ve been doing, it’s very difficult to build to the necessary inventory levels. 
Anthony Pettinari : Okay. That’s helpful. And then, just on the very strong demand that you’ve seen, is there any finer point you’d put on customer groups or end-markets that are seeing, especially stronger demand or maybe some demand that’s softening a little bit? And then just broadly, I mean, are your local accounts, are they maybe outperforming national accounts or just any color you can give on what has been extremely strong demand, it seems like it’s continuing into April. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Anthony, this is Tom. I’ll handle the demand piece. Demand is, as I said, is very strong, I think representative of that strength is, if you just look at our top 50 accounts in the first quarter, they were up 7% on average, now that includes some that were up double-digits, that includes some that were down slightly, but depending on the business that they are in. But if you just look kind of broadly across just, like I said, those 50 accounts, you see that they are in lots of different businesses and demand remains very strong across all of those businesses. Relative to local versus national, I mean, you’ve got the puts and the takes as I just talked about, but generally speaking, I think that the larger accounts have a little bit more of an ability to work through some of the issues that are going on. Perhaps, more so than some of the smaller accounts, but again, it’s – everybody says that can grow a lot more than what they are currently able to grow. They are just held up by all these supply chain issues primarily and the labor issues that we’ve talked about in the past. 
Anthony Pettinari : Okay. That’s great color. I’ll turn it over. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please?
Operator: We have your next question from Cleve Rueckert from UBS. Your line is open. 
Cleve Rueckert: Great. Thanks everybody for taking my questions. Good morning. 
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning. 
Cleve Rueckert: I don’t want to beat a dead horse, but just a follow-up quickly on demand. I mean, PCA has done, I mean, frankly very impressive job of taking market share in this business over the last 12 to 18 months, call it. Do you have a sense of, whether the growth you are seeing is like end demand market growth or are you just continuing to execute well and take market share? 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I would say, I would say that, our long-term strategy and I just mentioned it in the commentary too, is to really spend a lot of time making sure we align with the right kind of customers. And we’ve been doing that for decades. So, most – the great majority of our growth comes from our existing accounts and their ability to grow and our ability to help them growing whatever way we possibly can. So, that’s the majority of where PCA’s growth comes from. And we’ve demonstrated that not just in the recent past but certainly over the long term. 
Cleve Rueckert: Okay. That’s clear. And then, just a couple of quick follow-ups. First, I want to follow-up on John’s question about freight and trucking. We are seeing the same things about spot pricing, but we’ve also heard the – some of the logistics is moving out of the spot market and into the contract market. I’d just be curious if you are changing your strategy at all, especially as it relates to the trucking market? 
Mark Kowlzan: No, we are not necessarily changing strategy or taking advantage of some of the availability improving, but there is no major change in strategy. Tom, do you want to add anything? 
Thomas Hassfurther: No. We’ve been under contracts for the most part and we don’t use that much spot trade through. 
Cleve Rueckert: Yeah, okay. That’s clear. And then, just on labor productivity, I think we heard pretty broadly last quarter that the labor, especially in the box system was kind of a constraint to production and constrained productivity. I mean, you guys obviously burned inventory this quarter, but I’d just be curious if that’s easing at all or if there is any sort of bottleneck on the labor side that’s holding you back on the productivity side?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, again, keep in mind, if you think about a commentary we’ve made over the last year with our capital investment in the last few years, we’ve been able to make significant improvements in the productivity in our box plants and then continue to grow our capability in terms of productivity per unit, man hour employed. With that being said, with the labor market there, there is still an incredible amount of stress on the labor pool in the converting side and the mill side. Tom, do you want to add a little color to it?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yeah, there is no question. I mean, our labor situation improved as a result of the COVID, especially the omicron variant going down some. So, that was a help to our labor situation. But on the other hand, trying to hire new people and replace retirees et cetera is still a bit of a challenge and will remain so. If you just look at any of the statistics and the 8 million jobs that are sitting there open, the highest labor participation rate in decades, we’ve got certainly I think everybody in any industry would attest to the fact that labor is a real challenge. 
Cleve Rueckert: That’s all very clear. Thanks for answering the questions. I appreciate you guys. 
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question please? 
Operator: Thank you.  We have your next question from the line of Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. 
Mark Wilde : Thanks. Start with a couple of follow-ups. One, is it possible for you to just to help us differentiate the level of inflation you are seeing at the mill level versus what you are seeing at the converting level? It does seem like converting plants are seeing more cost pressure than I have ever seen in my career between labor, starches, pallets, energy, other issues? 
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, I think, again, it’s relative, Mark, across the board you have to understand that everything is under tremendous inflationary pressure. What you just said is correct. Tom, do you want to go ahead and add some detail for that last point?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I am just going to agree wholeheartedly with you, Mark. I have never seen anything like the across the board inflation we are dealing with in box plants. We can talk about some of the big numbers, transportation, those sorts of things. But when you start talking about all the things you just mentioned, the labor, the starch, the pallets, the ink, the dyes, any equipment repairs, any of those sorts of things, it’s just, these are numbers that I’ve never seen before upwards of as much as 200% in some cases. 
Mark Wilde : Okay. And then, Mark, the other question I had is, you’ve created a lot of incremental benefits by taking advantage of conversion opportunities at DeRidder, at Wallula, at Ala, Jackson, is there anything at International Falls that would prevent you from building the same kind of thing there at some point in time? 
Mark Kowlzan: No, as a matter of fact, the I Falls is another example of a mill that it’s a market dictated, we could take advantage of in a very, very good way as far as paper market and then how that plays into our growth in our corrugated products business. Again, as you heard us talk about, we are always studying and planning and looking at opportunities and we’ve got the plants, putting the file on what we want to do some day if the market conditions were such that it dictated we needed to make a decision about I Falls.  But keep in mind that the big machine at I Falls, the I1 machine is quite frankly a better version of what we have at Jackson on J3. They were both essentially sister machines installed at a similar timeframe few decades ago and they have tremendous capability. The mill infrastructure at I Falls has tremendous capability to support conversion.  But again, it’s all about box demand versus paper demand and profitability. So, we have that opportunity, but I Falls is another one of the opportunity that’s sitting there that could be taken advantage of some day. 
Mark Wilde : Okay. And would it just be fair to assume, Mark, given that it’s primarily a hardwood mill right now that you’d be more likely to take that towards corrugating medium rather than line of borders, is that not a good assumption? 
Mark Kowlzan: That’s a bad assumption. 
Mark Wilde : Okay. Good enough. Thanks. 
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. Next question please?
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I am not seeing any more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, thanks everybody for joining us today on the call and we look forward to talking with you at the latter part of July. Have a good day everybody. Thanks. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Myra. Good morning and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs the packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob who will provide further details. I'll then wrap things up and then after that we'll be glad to take questions.  Yesterday we reported fourth quarter 2021 net income of $217 million or $2.28 per share. Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2021 net income was $262 million or $2.76 per share compared to fourth quarter 2020 net income of $127 million or $1.33 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $2 billion in 2021 and $1.7 billion in 2020. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $463 million in 2021 and $293 million in 2020. Fourth quarter and full year 2021 net income included special items primarily for costs associated with the company's debt refinancing that was completed in October of 2021 and for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper to containerboard conversion related activities.  We also reported full year 2021 earnings excluding special items of $894 million or $9.39 per share compared to 2020 earnings excluding special items of $550 million or $5.78 per share. Net sales were $7.7 billion in 2021 and $6.7 billion in 2020. Excluding special items, total company EBITDA in 2021 was $1.7 billion compared to $1.2 billion in 2020. Details of all special items for the years 2021 and 2020 were included in the schedules that accompanied their earnings press release. Excluding the special items the $1.43 per share increase in fourth quarter 2021 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $2.17 and volume of $0.35 in our packaging segment.  Higher prices and mix in our paper segment were $0.09, a lower tax rate for $0.04, lower non-operating pension expense $0.03, lower interest expense $0.02, and other items $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher operating costs of $0.68 per share primarily due to inflation related increases particularly in the areas of labor and benefits expenses, wood and recycled fiber costs, energy, repairs, materials and supplies, as well as several other indirect and fixed cost areas. We had higher freight and logistics expenses of $0.24 per share as diesel prices and fuel surcharges continued to increase along with continuing truck and driver shortages and very low box car availability. Scheduled maintenance outage expenses were $0.14 per share above last year and volumes in our paper segment were lower by $0.11 per share as both our machines at the Jackson mill produced containerboard the entire quarter versus only a portion of last year's fourth quarter.  Finally, inflation on pallets and other materials grow converting costs higher by $0.08 per share and depreciation expense was higher by $0.04 per share. Looking at the packaging business EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter 2021 of $461 million with sales of $1.9 billion resulted in a margin of 24.5% versus last year's EBITDA of $303 million and sales of $1.5 billion or 19.7% margin. For the full year 2021 packaging segment EBITDA excluding special items was $1.7 billion with sales of 7.1 billion or a 23.9% margin compared to full year 2020 EBITDA of $1.2 billion with sales of $5.9 billion or a 20.8% margin.  Demand in our packaging segment remained very strong with record setting shipments from our corrugated products plants. In order to meet the needs of our plants the mills ran full out producing a record fourth quarter volume of containerboard. The high efficiency of our mill operations along with a very successful scheduled outage at our DeRidder, Louisiana mill and favorable seasonal weather patterns relative to temperatures and precipitation helped to minimize higher inflation driven operating costs during the quarter. Although we completed the scheduled outage our DeRidder mill earlier than we planned and we produced containerboard on both machines at the Jackson mill for the entire quarter, we ended the year with inventory including the additional containerboard from our December acquisition of Advanced Packaging, the low third quarter levels. And on weeks of supply basis we are once again below our targeted and historical levels.  Considering the anticipated strong demand and to mitigate potential project risks to supply chain bottlenecks for material and critical equipment deliveries, we have decided to postpone the first phase of the Jackson, Alabama number 3 machine conversion from the Spring and into the Fall of this year. In order to enhance the capabilities for reaching our target inventory levels and with four other mill already scheduled for the first half of 2022 outages, we felt this was a very prudent decision to ensure our customers are supplied with their needs and the quality of our conversion work at the mill meets PCA standards. We plan to continue producing containerboard on both Jackson machines for the foreseeable future and we'll continue to refine our estimates and assumptions to fully understand the potential of the entire mill to produce containerboard on both machines at their optimal cost and quality. I will now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business specifically. 
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. As Mark alluded to, in the fourth quarter our corrugated products plants established a new fourth quarter total shipments record and set a new all-time quarterly record for shipments per day both up 0.1% over the fourth quarter of 2020 which was an all-time record quarter for us and the industry. On a sequential basis we exceeded third quarter 2021 ship -- total shipments even though we had three less shipping days in the fourth quarter. For the full year annual corrugated shipment records were set as well both in total up 4.5% and shipments per day up 5% with one less shipping day compared to 2020. In addition to supplying the record internal needs of our box plants our outside sales volume of containerboard was 36,000 tons higher than the third quarter of 2021 and 91,000 tons above last year's fourth quarter. In addition to the strong domestic market as we typically do during the second half of the year, we needed to catch up on commitments to our key export customers.  As you know we are not large players in the export market but we have developed long term relationships with certain customers over many years and you can't just turn these relationships on and off based on the relative dynamics in the domestic and global markets. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.87 per share higher than the fourth quarter of 2020 and up $0.37 per share versus the third quarter of 2021 as we have substantially completed our rollout of last year's price increase announcements. Export containerboard prices were $0.30 per share above the fourth quarter of 2020 and $0.09 per share higher than the third quarter of 2021.  Regarding our fourth quarter demand and our current outlook for 2022 as I have mentioned before, the same issues that continue to impact our ability to get more volume out of our box plants also persist with our customers and suppliers. Labor shortages which had already been an issue for some time have been even more challenging with the impact of the Omicron variant. Truck and driver availability, the lack of available box cars to move containerboard from our mills to our box plants, and many other supply chain bottlenecks will continue to be challenges for quite some time. Customers continue to tell us they have higher demand and could ship more if not for these or similar issues. There's no doubt we view demand as strong and we expect this to continue even with the numerous obstacles most companies are facing.  Finally, I would like to add that our acquisition of Advanced Packaging that we spoke about during our last call was successfully completed last month. This acquisition gives us the ability to integrate over 80,000 tons per year and provides several other benefits and synergy opportunities that we will deliver on very quickly. Although there was no meaningful contribution to our fourth quarter results as the transaction closed late in the quarter, we have already made tremendous progress integrating Advanced into our operations and we're off to a great start towards achieving our goals and objectives. This could not have been accomplished without the outstanding effort and dedication of the employees of PCA including our newest employees from Advanced Packaging. I will now turn it back to Mark. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks Tom.  with sales of $143 million or 18.4% margin compared to fourth quarter 2020 EBITDA of $10 million in sales of $156 million or 6.1% margin. For the full year 2021 paper segment EBITDA excluding special items was $72 million with sales of $600 million or a 12% margin compared to full year 2020 EBITDA of 73 million with sales of 675 million or a 10.8% margin.  As expected sales volume was below last year and third quarter 2021 levels as we did not produce anything for volume at the Jackson mill during the quarter. Average paper prices and mix were 9% above fourth quarter for 2020 and over 3% higher than the third quarter of 2021 as we continued the implementation of our previously announced price increases. While we have currently maintained our capability to produce uncoated freesheet on both machines at Jackson, we will continue to monitor market conditions and run our paper system accordingly. As we begin the call -- as we begin the year we anticipate that volume from our paper segment will be fairly representative of the over 500,000 tons per year capacity at the International Falls mill. The commercial team and the employees at International Falls have done a tremendous job optimizing our inventory, product mix, and cost structure and for 2022 we expect solid EBITDA margins of 15% to 20% from the paper segment.  Finally, I'll mention that last week we notified customers of an $80 per ton price increase effective with shipments beginning February 14th for all office papers, printing papers, and converting papers. I will now turn it over to Bob. 
Robert P. Mundy: Thanks Mark. The lower tax rate benefit in the fourth quarter was a result of favorable state income tax return versus provision adjustments made annually. We expect our tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 to represent a more typical rate of approximately 25%. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $391 million with free cash flow of $152 million. Capital expenditures were $239 million which was a bit higher than the guidance we gave you on our call last quarter as we were able to get more work completed on projects at several corrugated plants as well as items related to the Jackson number 3 machine conversion than we had anticipated. For the year our total capital spending of $605 million were still below our original guidance range due to the same material equipment and labor availability issues we spoke about last quarter.  Other cash payments during the fourth quarter included $189 million for the purchase price of the advanced packaging acquisition, dividend payments of $95 million, cash tax payments of $42 million, and net interest payments of $38 million. As we mentioned on our last call, during the third quarter we issued $700 million of 30-year 3.05% notes and use the proceeds from these notes to redeem our 4.5% 700 million 2023 notes in early October. This transaction lowered our overall interest rate from 3.9% to 3.5%, lowered our annual interest expense by $11 million per year, and extended our average debt maturity from 8.5 years to 16.3 years. Our gross debt remains unchanged at $2.5 billion.  Based on the timing of closing the new bonds in September, our cash balance at the end of the third quarter included the new bond proceeds. However, since the redemption of the old bonds occurred in October, there was a cash outflow in the fourth quarter totaling $756 million which included a redemption premium for the retired bonds. The final significant cash payment in the fourth quarter was $193 million for repurchasing over 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $133.79 per share. This provided an earnings per share benefit of approximately $0.01 in the fourth quarter compared to last year and we expect an additional sequential benefit of approximately $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2022. These repurchases of our outstanding stock, together with $380 million of annual dividend payments, represent over 52% of cash from operations or 64% of net income that was returned to shareholders in 2021. We ended the year with $765 million of cash including marketable securities and our liquidity at December 31st was just under $1.1 billion. For the full year 2021 cash from operations was $1.1 billion and free cash flow was $489 million. Our recurring effective tax rate for 2021 was 24% and our final reported cash tax rate was 19%.  Regarding full year estimates for 2022 of certain key items as we move forward, we expect total capital expenditures to be approximately $800 million and DD&A is expected to be approximately $455 million. With the recent fourth quarter 2021 share repurchases, we expect dividend payments of approximately $375 million and cash, pension, and postretirement benefit plan contributions of 52 million. Our full year interest expense in 2022 is expected to be approximately $86 million and net cash interest payments should be about $85 million. The estimate for our 2022 combined Federal and State cash tax rate is approximately 20% and our book effective tax rate approximately 25%.  Currently planned annual maintenance outages at our mills in 2022 will result in approximately 35,000 more tons of lost containerboard production compared to 2021, which includes the tons lost during the first phase of the Jackson number 3 machine conversion in the fourth quarter. The annual earnings impact of these outages, including lost volume, direct costs, and amortized repair costs is expected to be $1.13 per share compared to $0.91 per share in 2021. Current estimated impact by quarter in 2022 is $0.15 per share in the first quarter, $0.33 in the second quarter, $0.24 in the third, and $0.41 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark 
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. For almost two years now, our employees have displayed tremendous adaptability and energy to overcome any obstacles in both their personal and work lives to deliver significant accomplishments throughout the company. We achieved new records for both containerboard shipments and corrugated product shipments. We have successfully completed or substantially completed significant cost reduction and process improvement projects at our mills, including a new boiler at our Filer mill for utilizing self-generated biogenic sources for energy, fiber flexibility projects at Wallula in Jackson, Alabama, Woodyard, head box and shoe press improvements at Wallula Mill, head box and wet end upgrades at the Valdosta mill, real upgrades, pulp mill refining and shoe press improvements at DeRidder, Louisiana and many others.  Along with our recent acquisition of Advanced Packaging, we completed numerous high-return projects in our corrugated products plants that will allow us to continue to better optimize the entire packaging business for the future and deliver profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities for our customers and shareholders. All the capital improvement projects that I referenced in the mills and corrugated plants, have required the complete involvement of PCA personnel from project conception, preliminary and detailed engineering, all the way through to project implementation and start-up. Although it required significant capital investments in order to achieve these important initiatives, we did so while improving our industry-leading return on invested capital to over 19%. We optimize the platform and financial results of our paper business while utilizing the versatility of the Jackson, Alabama mill to produce containerboard with minimal capital spending and delivering over $100 million of profit to our packaging business in 2021.  Over 64% of our net income was returned to our shareholders from dividend payments and stock repurchases. In addition, with our recent debt refinancing, we lowered the overall interest rate from 3.9% to 3.5%, lowered our annual interest expense by $11 million per year, and extended the average debt maturity from 8.5 years to 16.3 years. And finally, we ended the year with almost $1.1 billion of liquidity and a strong balance sheet, which maintains the financial flexibility to react quickly to most situations or opportunities in the future. These accomplishments, along with the recently approved $1 billion share repurchase authorization, clearly illustrate our continued commitment to a balanced approach towards capital allocation in order to profitably grow our company and return -- and maximize the returns to our shareholders, while still adhering to our conservative balance sheet approach, as we've done for many years. I'm very proud of the accomplishments and the strong partnerships that we've built with our customers and suppliers over many years.  Looking ahead, as we move from the fourth and into the first quarter, in our packaging segment, we expect to benefit from higher corrugated product shipments with three additional shipping days, and we expect shipments per day to be higher than last year's first quarter, as demand remains very strong, along with slightly higher domestic and export prices and mix. Additionally, in our paper segment, we expect higher prices and mix from our previously announced price increase that was implemented beginning last November. There should also be a small benefit in the first quarter from our most recent uncoated freesheet price increase that was announced last week. Scheduled outage expenses will be lower and we expect a small benefit from our recent share repurchases. However, continued higher inflation across most all operating and converting costs, as well as freight and logistics expenses more than offset these benefits. We estimate this to be the largest inflation-driven sequential cost increase in our history. In addition to the inflation-related impact, labor and benefits costs will also be higher due to timing-related increases as we start a new year, and seasonally colder weather should increase energy and wood costs. Considering these items, we expect first quarter earnings of $2.50 per share. This does not include any potential benefit from a $70 per ton price increase across all liner and medium grades that we communicated to our customers within the last few days. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations, and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, Myra, I'd like to open the call to questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone and good morning. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the year. I guess my first question to start, can you talk a bit in a little bit more detail on where your shipments and bookings are early in the quarter and did the tightness in the market and all of the supply constraints that we've seen and heard about in the sector overall, give you any opportunity to optimize your mix in corrugated, could you provide some color there? And then I have a couple of follow-ons.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We'll let Tom get into that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hey George, this is Tom. Let me just give you a little bit of flavor for where we're starting out the year. If you -- and there's a little bit of confusion in the numbers perhaps. So the FPA considered January 3rd to be a full workday, whereas for the most part, PCA, that was a holiday. So if you left the FPA number in, we're up about 2% for the month. If you took that number out, you just went with the PCA days, we're up 9%. So maybe blended somewhere in there we're probably up about 5% to 5.5%. But as the quarter rolls on, that will kind of smooth out and even out. Regarding the supply constraints and optimizing mix, we're constantly looking at those sorts of things. And yes, there's no question that at times we'll have to rationalize some business, we'll have to do some other things. But for the most part, I'd just remind you, I mean, we've got 16,000-plus customers. We've partnered with these customers over a long, long period of time. We're very selective to the type of people we do business with, and we want to align ourselves with people who have long-term growth potential where we can enjoy both growth together. So that kind of -- hopefully, that answers your question this morning.
George Staphos: Yes, thanks for that. To some degree, even you said though in your release that price mix was a positive contributor to results, relative to your guidance in the quarter. So I don't know if there's anything else you'd want to call out there. My other two ones and I'll turn it over, was there -- or could you quantify to some degree, the benefit that the packaging segment got from Jackson producing purely containerboard and coming up the curve, recognizing not all the work is done there and similarly, in paper what benefit you got from not having some of those costs trapped since they're now allocated to packaging and was there any kind of benefit from no open market pulp purchasing for Jackson for the paper business? And then last, Mark, just on the share repurchase authorization. Obviously, you completed the last one. Obviously, the company generates a lot of cash flow. What, if anything, should we draw from the $1 billion authorization relative to your need for capital since you've done so many projects, and they seem to be generating a high return based on your results, relative to capital allocation for the future? Thank you guys, good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks. Tom and I will handle both the first part of the question. But if you think about Jackson, for the full year we produced probably just almost 450,000 tons of board at the mill. We had a home for all of that through our system. If you look at it another way, if we hadn't had Jackson, we wouldn't have been able to grow with the customers in the manner that we had and generate the results. I called out on my portion of the script, Jackson contributed $100 million for the segment for the year. And again, Tom, if you think about Jackson, what it allowed us to do?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, certainly Mark. And George, if you think about it, with the volume that we had and that we were able to grow with our existing customer base, had we not had Jackson, none of that would have materialized for the most part. And so the big jump in improvement really is a result of being able to get that board out of Jackson. And if you recall, I believe we forecast to be -- to take about 25% downtime in Jackson in the fourth quarter, which we didn't do at all, just due to the fact that we had significant demand and that demand is carrying right into the first quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And then Bob, do you want to add to that?
Robert P. Mundy: Yes, and George regarding the, I think, your question around the shift of costs from paper segment to packaging relative to Jackson in the quarter. Well, year-over-year, it was probably around $13 million that moved from paper to package of cost and then sequentially, it was probably $6 million, maybe about $7 million that moved from paper to packaging.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And then regarding the share buyback, as far as the remaining authorization that was utilized, it was -- the decision was made, it was the right time to use that authorization. It was the right time to buy and send that signal. And then as far as the new authorization for $1 billion, again, we just feel that's the appropriate number to have available as we go forward, and it continues to send the right message to the investors and shareholders, that we're going to continue delivering a return in many different ways, dividends, share repurchases, capital investments, and growing the company, i.e., growing the earnings that support all of that. So on to the next question, please.
George Staphos: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Philip Ng: Hey guys, congrats on another strong quarter. It's great to see box shipments track really strong out of gate and you do have a little tougher comps. It would be helpful, Tom, maybe give us some perspective how you're thinking about the cadence and the growth profile for this year given some of the challenges you're seeing in supply chain, should we expect more of a normal PCA growth here again?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. I would -- I'm very bullish. We're starting out very strong. We've got very good backlogs going into the year. It would be -- it would certainly be nice to get on a little more on to the downside of this Omicron strain, because if there's any one thing that's impacting right now, it's the fact that not only -- not only do we have labor shortages as a result of it, so do our customers. So it's a little bit choppy in our ability to be able to supply our customers on a consistent basis, because things are changing almost daily in every single box plant across the United States. But all of our customers, virtually across the board, tell us that they could have shipped significantly more if not for the labor shortages, truck issues and other supply chain issues that we mentioned.
Philip Ng: Got it. That's helpful. And then from a CAPEX standpoint, the $800 million CAPEX, it's a big number. Appreciating there's a lot of capital for Jackson, but any other bigger projects you want to call out that's going to be a nice needle mover, whether it's a box plan or any cost takeout projects you have in place for this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Let me just describe it in this manner. For 2021, we were working on 1,060 projects between the mills and box plants. And just in the box plants alone, on what we'd call significant sized projects, we had over 100 projects that we're taking care of and involving 53 of the plants, and we're continuing that effort and it involves everything from equipment replacement, equipment upgrades, corrugated rebuilds, new corrugators, just the continuing effort that we've been executing for the last four to five years now. We're doing it in a bigger way. The mills continue to enhance that opportunity to work on cost and efficiency. As we speak, we -- just two days ago, we just finished the rebuild of the Wallula number 2 paper machine. We rebuilt the wet end, new head box, new stock approach, all new electric drives, new DCS, a lot of supporting equipment on the machine. A lot of that work was done primarily by our own PCA personnel. And it was, again, just another example of what we do. Also as we speak, we're completing the first larger phase of the $50-some-odd million Woodyard project at Wallula, that's been started up over the last week. So these are the type of projects that will continue to enhance our ability. And so these projects will just continue. We have a whole portfolio that we work on every year, but these are the type of projects that we'll continue to see. Just again, numerous enhancements throughout the system. 
Philip Ng: That's great color, Mark. And just one last one, appreciating you're seeing a lot of inflation across the board but you did mention that it's the biggest sequential improvement, I mean, hit, I guess, in terms of operating costs. Are there any big buckets you want to call out because I mean, at least on OCC nat gas prices, it seems to at least be stabilizing a little bit. So it'd be helpful kind of buckets in the biggest buckets where you're seeing a step-up sequentially?
Robert P. Mundy: Yes Phil, this is Bob. You sort of look -- as we said, there's inflation like we've never seen in addition to what we -- the normal timing and seasonal type things. Moving sequentially all in, it's $0.55 to $0.60 per share. And I would say maybe $0.10, a little over $0.10 of that is just the seasonal timing type thing. So the balance of that is this inflation we're referring to. And yes, you're right, I think OCC seems to have stabilized a bit, but although extremely high compared to last year still. But the other buckets, whether it be the majority of the change in wood fiber, pretty much every chemical that we use, is going up. Energy will be higher. And then the big one is labor and benefits, over and above the timing type items that I mentioned. So it's really across the board, repairs and materials and other things. And of course, freight. Freight is another big item. So there's -- they're all fairly significant relative to what we've seen historically.
Philip Ng: Got it, thanks a lot guys. Really appreciate it.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning Mark, Tom, Bob. Mark, I wondered if you could just help us with a little more in the way of kind of cadence and details around sort of the steps as we go forward at Jackson in terms of generally what you're doing at each phase and what the step-up in capacity will be at each phase, and then what you expect kind of the ultimate capacity at Jackson might look like?
Mark W. Kowlzan: The phase that we talked about moving from the spring time that would be the first really big phase of machine work that will now be done in the Fall, that will enhance the capability of the machine itself to significantly produce at a higher speed. We'll be doing some work in the pulp in the back end of the mill to support some of that. We won't fully be able to take advantage of that work until the spring of 2023. So as we come out of this fall shutdown, we will have more capability to produce on a tons-per-day basis incremental capacity. We'll have the OCC plant completed this summer that will allow the utilization of some of that fiber over the machine after the work is done in the Fall. But the bigger benefit will come in the spring of 2023 when the final additional dryers are added to the machine, and there's some press work that will be done at that time, that will allow the full benefit of the work to be completed. And then you'll see the machine capability at the 700,000 ton production rate per year in terms of the final phase. So does that help?
Mark Wilde: Yes, that does help. But any sense of that second machine and what we -- you might ultimately be able to produce on that machine?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've studied that, obviously, we're not going to talk a lot about that in public. That is a very good quality machine. It's obviously not as big -- the number 1 Jackson machine is not as big a machine as the number 3, but it is a very good quality machine. It has a very good trim. So as we are doing the analysis that we currently have underway, we look at market, we look at growth, we look at what our internal needs are, that machine offers a tremendous amount of opportunity. And then it depends on how much capital we would choose to apply to that opportunity. And I'll give you an example, the machine with minimal capital could produce 500 tons a day or at an appropriate capital spending, you could produce 1,000 tons a day. So it all depends on what we determine as the right situation in terms of demand and where we want to get tons from, but a lot of opportunity and a great asset base.
Mark Wilde: Yes, okay. The other question I had is really more for Tom Hassfurther. Tom, I wondered if you could just give us some sense of sort of inflationary pressures at the box plant level. And also related to that, just sort of what it means for the industry as we move to these bigger and wider corrugators and how that sort of ripples back into the mill system because it seems like most of the new corrugators that are going in are anywhere from 98 to 130 inches?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. Well, I'll take the last one first regarding the corrugators. For a long time as an industry, we've been moving to wider corrugators. And the mills have just -- in my opinion, some of that is good for mills and some of that is not so good for mills. And as Mark just talked about, when you've got a wider machine, obviously, we've got more flexibility in terms of the trim pool for those wider machines for the wider corrugators. So, -- and quite frankly, what you need to do to efficiently get volume out of a box plant today, you're going to need a wider corrugator just to be able to run a profitable business, getting the proper amount of footage out the door. And a lot of these narrow corrugators are finding their way into combining into two narrows into one larger corrugator and those sorts of things. So there's a lot of moving parts going on, and that's been going on for quite some time. And it's -- if you take our mill system as an example, they just -- they know who their customers are, and they just adapt to what the customer needs are, and we figure out a way to do it and we figure out a way to do it very efficiently.  The inflationary pressures at the box plants, you've got labor, obviously, is a big, big issue for us. And the inefficiencies built in with all the absenteeism and everything else around the COVID that we've been dealing with for a number of years. Transportation is an enormous issue and all indicators are that, that's still rising dramatically and energy costs as well. So those are our key drivers.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I want to comment. If you went back to 2019 period, 2018, 2019, and you compare the hundreds and hundreds of projects that we've executed over the last couple of years, all of these from new equipment, equipment upgrades, new box plants, we've improved productivity per unit hour approximately 20% across the packaging system. And so our growth and the results would not be what they are if we had not been able to achieve the capital upgrade and improve all of the asset base in the corrugated packaging side of the business.
Mark Wilde: Yes, that's helpful, Mark. Tom, just to be clear on the freight. Would you in the box business, would you carry the cost of freight between the box plant and the customer or does the customer pick that up?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, that's -- listen, I mean, there's a lot of different things and a lot of different pricing mechanisms that we use. But ultimately, obviously, we're just not -- we're not prepared to eat these enormous freight increases and stuff, and that's what's driving some of the price improvements that we've just realized.
Mark Wilde: Yeah, okay, I will turn it over. Thanks guys. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, hats off for phenomenal quarter, great year. I was trying to get a better sense of you guys very thoughtful whenever you go to the market, raising prices to customers you just announced on containerboard. And you're performing superbly internally. People have been looking at industry data, and they've been questioning whether or not this is a good time to be raising prices. Again, you guys are very thoughtful. I'm sure you have a perspective and would love to -- if you're willing, to hear you share that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: No. Mark, this is Tom. We don't -- as you know, we never talk about forward-looking pricing or what our thoughts are around it or anything else. So it's -- that's all I'm going to say about that.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Well, let me just follow-up on it a little bit as much as I would -- one of the questions, I guess, people are asking about is inventories seem to be going higher. You guys probably have a better view of what's really going on and the drivers and the dynamics of place, which I'm sure you're factoring in to the way you're thinking about how your business plays out and how the market is. Is there anything on that specific that you could share for instance, I did notice you talked about box cars being an issue. Would that potentially have led to, for you guys or the industry, for an increase in mill inventories where it's not necessarily occurring so much at the box plants, any color like that, that maybe you could share that would help us understand in these very unusual times some of the dynamics going on in the business that might not be so apparent to outsiders?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, when the AF&PA data came out recently, there was a lot of confusion. You're looking at mill data. And if you think about the way the holidays fell and you think about how the mills were running, trying to get a truck or a box car at the mill, even if you could get a box car at the mill switched, the likelihood of getting it taken away from the mill was unlikely, hoping that trucks would show up. Again, it was a hope. So it was the most difficult period in the history of PCA trying to move containerboard during the holidays, and we saw the largest increase of our mill inventory since I've been here for almost 26 years in terms of the holiday build at the mill. On the other hand, we saw the opposite at the box plants. We saw the inventory drop to that low level as the mills built to the high level. And so not being able to speak for the industry, though. I believe we are probably all in a similar situation where we share a lot of the same railroads. We share a lot of the same trucking industry. And so it will be interesting when FPA comes out with their data. Tom, do you want to add a little color to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, I totally agree with you, Mark, and it's -- I think a lot of people jump to conclusions quickly just based on mill inventory. And as Mark just alluded to, if you look at our box plants, our box plants are very skinny on inventory right now, and we need every ton that we can get out of those mills. Nothing's changed in the demand curve, as I talked about. So -- and of course, we trade paper as well. And we see the same problems coming out of other mills that we do out of our own. So I think taking a small snapshot of inventory at the mill level, which is -- which is a low number to begin with, and seeing those numbers go up, has led to a little bit of a misnomer, in my opinion, as to where inventories really sit right now in the industry.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, if you go back before the pandemic and you think about a normal holiday, you could count on a rail switch one switch a day, even through the holidays. You'd have trucks still showing up as scheduled. Now we've just experienced a holiday where we didn't see trains for days to come and bring empty cars in and take your loaded cars away. And because of Omicron in particular, and what it was doing to the availability of drivers and rail crews, we had to deal with that. We were close to, in a few cases, running out of room to put containerboard on the floor at mills. And so it was an extremely challenging holiday period. So again, that's our take on that.
Mark Weintraub: I really appreciate all that additional color. Just are you seeing any easing on those issues yet or are they still as difficult as they were a few weeks back?
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's improved significantly, but it's improved to where we were before the holidays, which was not very good to begin with. I mean it's really the pandemic-related impacts of labor availability for everybody out there, whether it's the trucking industry, railroads. And so we have our inventories now headed back at the mill level into a more normal balance and getting containerboard out to the box plants and our outside customers. But again, every day is still a challenge. When you look at the winter weather and how that now impacts storm to storm. So again, it's improved, but we still have all eyes on, on what's happening 24 hours a day, trying to make sure we don't fall behind.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Good luck on the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Alright. Thank you. Next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning Mark, Tom, Bob. I was hoping maybe to get a little bit of insight in terms of kind of your mill system. We can obviously look at it and understand it's predominantly virgin-based. But as some of your customers, I guess, become increasingly focused on environmental initiatives, and want to incorporate more recycled content, could this cause you to rethink or at least consider having a little bit more recycled containerboard exposure in your mill system over time?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hey Gabe, listen, our customer base and primarily, I mean I think the industry has done a very good job of educating our customer base, consumers etcetera with the fact that we have a sustainable product. And you can't have a recycled product without starting with a virgin product. So I think that most people now and certainly our customers, and we've done a good job educating our customers to the fact that virgin fiber, it performs very well. It gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of the amount of fiber we have in the sheet. We constantly are working on those sorts of things. And that creates the recycled stream down the road. So they get the closed loop system, they get the sole sustainability story around containerboard grades. And we'll continue to do what we see as the best things to do for our company and for our mills and for our cost structures going forward. And we really believe in fiber flexibility, and I think that's proven to be very good for us in the long term.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you. And then if you can give us a little bit of sense quantitatively kind of an integration rate exiting 2021 and then is there, I don't want to say a formal target, but bandwidth that you think is comfortable for PCA to operate within, and once you get to the low end or the high end or if you're making outside purchases, when you might want to think about more mill capacity?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'll answer that, and I'm sure Bob or Tom are going to weigh in on this. As far as integration, we look at ourselves as fully integrated. We continue to move a minimal amount of product to some outside customers. That balance is going to stay normalized. Tom mentioned earlier on his part of the script that export sales in particular, we've had that customer base for many decades. But we rather than calling out an exact number, whether it's 92% or 94% or 95% or 98%, we are in a situation where we say we're fully integrated with the business as we run through and looked at last year, the year before and into 2022. Tom or Bob, do you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I've got very little to add to that. I mean that is the way we look at our business. And even the small outside customer base, and I've mentioned before many times that, that outside independent customers have become smaller and smaller and smaller, as they begin -- as we've acquired them or other people in the industry have gone through the acquisition. And of course, the one we just did in Advanced, that was another very large one that is now -- will now be fully integrated. But even those outside customers that we have, we have such long-term relationships with them and long-term contracts with them that even to some extent, that few percentage of those customers we consider to be and treat them like they're fully integrated.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And I think also part of your question regarding going to the outside market for containerboard, we don't see that need. We're looking out into the future years on -- as the packaging side grows and we need to supply that demand. We have levers to pull internally on how we would do that, and we're very comfortable looking out over the next three to five years on how we would achieve the type of growth we would expect.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you guys. Congrats and good luck.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson from KeyBanc. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning Mark, Bob, and Tom, congratulations on a really fine quarter. Mark, I think George asked you about this earlier, but just back to the buyback, you mentioned that you felt like now was a good time. And I'm just wondering why now as opposed to any time over the previous year or so, I mean the stock has been pretty range bound over the past several months obviously, you didn't buy back any stock in 2020 so I guess, why did you think now was the appropriate time as opposed to over the past preceding year or two and what signal were you trying to send to investors?
Mark W. Kowlzan: There's -- the only good way to answer that is that we just believed it was the right time that we wanted to go ahead and just reaffirm our ability to continue to take care of the investors and return value to the investors in numerous ways. We've been doing that with the dividends. We continue to generate extremely high returns with our capital spending that ultimately generates higher profitability, which continues to feed into the value for the shareholders. But we felt, again, with the cash that we had available and the fact that the stock was trading in the range it had been, we felt it was a fair price to buy at and it was the right time to buy it. Maybe it's as simple as that.
Adam Josephson: Sure. No, I appreciate that. And just one on guidance, I mean you refrained from giving guidance at the outset of the pandemic for several quarters and then you reinstated it a few quarters ago. And obviously, you beat your guidance by $0.72 or 35% in the fourth quarter, which is outstanding, but it just makes me wonder how much visibility you still have in your business given these significant deviations versus your guidance. So how would you characterize your visibility into what's coming over the next several weeks or this quarter for that matter, compared to what it's been over the past several quarters and pre-pandemic for that matter?
Robert P. Mundy: Hey Adam, this is Bob. I'll say that I know you were one of the ones that were wanting us to quantify again once we did stop just -- but there are more uncertainties now probably than when we stopped giving the guidance right there after the pandemic began back in 2020. Because so many things, whether it be people leaving the workforce, the COVID variants that have just made that situation worse, the supply chain has become even more complex and difficult, and many more obstacles. So things that have been embedded that started after the pandemic began have just becoming -- they just sort of continue to get worse. So there's more uncertainty now for us than there was when we stopped the guidance, frankly, and our results have shown, we've been conservative obviously, in our guidance, and -- which is one of the reasons I think we end up beating it. But as Tom alluded to, these same things that we struggle with, our customers struggle with. They see the orders, they put in orders for containers and boxes, but yet, then at the other end, they don't have the labor to get their orders out the door. So they have to change what they're doing. And that changes -- that all backs up to our forecasting and so forth. And it's not like we all of a sudden got dumb relative to how do we do this, we've always been fairly accurate, but they're just a lot more unknowns now, frankly, than there was when we started this back in late -- in the early part of 2020.
Adam Josephson: No, understood. Thanks a lot Bob. Best of luck.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Roxland with Truist Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Michael Roxland: Thanks very much. Hi Mark, Bob, Tom. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a solid quarter and year. Most of my questions have been asked, just one quick question I wanted to ask you about is inventory. And how -- can you help us frame how you're thinking about inventory management on a go-forward basis, given the supply chain logistics, which you constantly stressed on the call, how do you think about inventory level, excuse me, coming out of the other side, do you think that it'll be 5% higher or 10% higher, there's been -- the last couple of decades, has been a big focus on just in time, does that continue or do you try to modify that to account for any type of issues similar to the ones that you're experiencing now?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Let me answer it in this way, when we came out of 2020 into 2021, we desperately needed to build inventory, and we did that, and we got ourselves in a good place through the summer into the third quarter. But as we've also mentioned, the inventories now have dropped to a much lower point than we really need to be at. We're getting ready for -- we're actually into our annual shutdown schedules right now. So we will go through the winter and spring, and end up at a very low point. And so I'm not going to give you a number for a target, I'm just going to tell you that this year, as it has been for the last few years, will continue to be a challenge to make sure that the mills are producing and adequately supplying the box plants. And so in that regard, it's a high-class problem to have. But again, for PCA the situation is that where we had been was a good level to be at. But again, we slipped and lost ground with the logistics transportation issues. So -- Tom, do you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I'd just say that one thing that's -- one thing to keep in mind is as we've continued to grow our business, the inventory has to be somewhat commensurate with that growth. And we just have not been able to totally catch up with that. We got -- as Mark said, we got into a decent position last spring and summer, but here we are starting out this year. We got a pretty gigantic backlog, demand has moved up again, and we've got mill outages coming. So it is all hands on deck to not only get everything produced what we can produce at the mill level, but to get it shipped to the box plants and to some of our other customers. Now the other good news is, at least, that our export business is heavy in the second half of the year and primarily into the fourth quarter. So that will get a little relief there, but we've got a lot of work to do to get the inventory levels back up.
Michael Roxland: I appreciate the color. Just as things normalize, you get past COVID, how do you think about inventories then, will you keep let’s say relative to what's been the historical trend, will you look to have a larger amount of inventory, just in case conditions like these new supply chains reoccur, are you going to be a little more cautious with inventory management, I guess, on a go-forward basis?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, that really depends, Mike. What we'd really like to do is we could get back to some normality here. We like to operate with lean inventories if we can, providing we've got the whole transportation system and supply chain in place to be able to do that. Unfortunately, right now, we're still a long way away from that. But if and when that time returns, we'll operate incredibly efficiently, because that's a cost area that we'd like to avoid, if we could.
Michael Roxland: Thanks very much. Good luck in the quarter. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Pettinari: Hi good morning. Mark or Tom, you talked about postponing Jackson's conversion phase from Spring to the Fall to meet the very strong demand that you're seeing. I'm just -- is it possible to quantify how many tons that sort of buys you this year, if I'm thinking about that the right way?
Robert P. Mundy: Anthony, this is Bob. I'll just say that relative to when it was originally scheduled in the spring and now frankly, the volume we were expecting out of Jackson this year is really about -- will be about the same. Because from when we originally started that machine up, we're actually getting more production out of it, or more efficiency out of it than we had originally thought. So although we won't be on that higher ramp as early in the year this year, because we pushed it from the spring to the fall, those -- that additional efficiency we've been getting out of the machine sort of on a net-net basis, we'll get about exactly what we thought we would get before we push that outage.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then on the containerboard price increase, not asking for any forward-looking view but historically, can you kind of remind us with previous price hikes, how many quarters or months those have sort of typically taken to be reflected or flow through to the bottom line?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. We typically, from the time of formal announcement to completion, we typically will roll that out over about a 90-day period.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful. I will turn it over. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kyle White. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hi good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to the labor challenges that you're experiencing and the industry is experiencing. Is there any way to give us the sort of order of magnitude in terms of how many workers at the box plants were typically out per week back in December and what that level kind of looks like today?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I wish it was as predictable as that question might make it appear. We could have a high percentage of a workforce not out and in one place, and then have a pretty good percentage out at another place. So it's just moving across the country. And if you track what's happened with this Omicron variant, as an example, we track very closely with what's going on nationally. However, it's incredibly disruptive. At one point in time where you just have a -- you might have a whole crew on a particular machine center, a couple of machine centers not available on a particular shift, when in essence, we've got -- we certainly have the demand for that. So -- but I think in addition, I think what really complicates this labor issue is what I mentioned earlier, and then Bob just mentioned again, our customers are dealing with the same exact thing. And so there's a lot of disruption as a result of that trying to deal with this.
Unidentified Analyst : Got it. That makes sense. It's definitely unprecedented time. It is difficult to quantify. On the buyback, given your healthy balance sheet, is there a time line that you expect to fully use that authorization that you just announced?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. As we've done in the past years, we have it available, and we'll just leave it at that.
Unidentified Analyst : Sounds good. I will turn it over and good luck in the year. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. With that Myra, I believe we're out of time and out of questions.
Operator: Yes, Mr. Kowlzan, we have no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'd like to thank everybody for taking the time to join us today, and we look forward to talking to you in April to review the first quarter earnings results. Take care. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA.  I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Josh. Good morning, everyone, and again, thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2021 earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, the Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of the third quarter results, and then I will be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide more details. After that, I'll wrap things up, and we'd be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $251 million or $2.63 per share. Excluding the special items, third quarter 2021 net income was $257 million or $2.69 per share compared to third quarter 2020 net income of $149 million or $1.57 per share. Third quarter net sales were $2 billion in 2021 and $1.7 billion in 2020. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding the special items, was $464 million in 2021 and $323 million in 2020. Third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.06 per share, primarily for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper to containerboard conversion related activities. While last year's third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.11 per share that were related primarily to the impact of Hurricane Laura on the DeRidder, Louisiana mill. Details of all the special items for the third quarter of 2021 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $1.12 per share increase in third quarter 2021 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2020 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $1.58 and volume $0.62 in our Packaging segment; higher production volume of $0.06 and prices and mix of $0.05 in our Paper segment; and lower nonoperating pension expense, $0.03; and lower interest expense, $0.01. Items were partially offset by operating costs, which were $0.84 per share higher, primarily due to inflation-related increases, particularly in the areas of labor and benefits expenses, recycled fiber costs, energy, repairs, materials and supplies as well as several other indirect and fixed cost areas. We also had inflation-related increases in our converting costs, which were $0.10 per share higher. For the last several quarters, freight and logistics costs have risen and were $0.23 per share higher compared to last year, driven by significant increases in fuel costs, tight truck supply, driver shortages and a higher mix of spot pricing to keep up with box demand. And finally, scheduled outage expenses were $0.04 per share higher than last year, and sales volume in our Paper segment was lower by $0.02 per share. Looking at the Packaging business, EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter of 2021 of $467 million with sales of $1.8 billion, resulted in a margin of 26% versus last year's EBITDA of $324 million with sales of $1.5 billion and a 22% margin. Packaging segment demand remained strong, and the teams did a tremendous job of implementing our previously announced containerboard and corrugated products price increases. The containerboard mills set an all-time quarterly sales volume record and our box plants set new third quarter records for total corrugated product shipments as well as shipments per day. By utilizing the capability of both machines at our Jackson, Alabama mill to produce containerboard, we were able to reach our desired inventory levels to better serve our customer demand, help minimize the transportation challenges we continue to experience and build some inventory ahead of the DeRidder mills' fourth quarter outage. We manage very effectively the execution of numerous initiatives and capital projects to reduce costs through efficiency, productivity and optimization improvements across our manufacturing locations. We continue to put tremendous effort into managing certain material, equipment and labor availability issues to keep our customers supplied in their needs and their capital projects on track. With no relief from the supply chain obstacles that we, our customers and our suppliers continue to face, along with unprecedented inflation-related challenges, the combination of all of these efforts are critical to our success going forward. The improvements in execution our employees deliver constantly across many fronts is what allows us to continuously improve margins. After successfully completing the planned maintenance outage at the Jackson mill during the third quarter, the mill restarted with the number-1 machine making corrugated medium rather than uncoated freesheet grades, utilizing a mix of virgin craft and DLK fiber based on the needs of our customers. This was required to help meet continued strong demand from our box plant customers, meet our targeted inventory levels prior to year-end and help supply the needs of our box plant acquisition that we anticipate acquiring later this quarter. Similar to the number-3 machine at Jackson, the smaller number-1 machine is highly efficient. It's a versatile machine and with minimal capital required to repurpose a deinking plant to handle DLK. The machine was very quickly able to produce high-quality medium for the box plants. Although still capable of producing uncoated freesheet products, we plan to continue producing medium on the machine over the next several months as our internal and external packaging demand warrants. This gives us the opportunity to further evaluate the machine's capabilities and to process -- and the process changes that might be required to potentially produce medium permanently in a cost-effective manner. We'll also use the period to further refine our estimates and assumptions to fully understand the potential of the entire mill to produce containerboard on both machines at their optimal cost and quality. This will also allow us to evaluate our strategic containerboard supply capabilities for providing the necessary runway to grow our integrated downstream box demand. We are committed to being fully integrated, and we have a track record of ramping up our internal capacity according to our customers' demand requirements. The previously announced conversion of the J3 machine to linerboard remains on track with no changes to the schedule we discussed on last quarter's call. We'll continue to serve our paper customers with both machines at our International Falls mill, which is capable of producing all of Jackson's paper grades as well as available inventory produced on the number-1 machine at Jackson. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on containerboard sales, our corrugated business and the box plant acquisition that I mentioned.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. We continue to get excellent realization from the implementation of our previously announced price increases across all product lines. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.40 per share above the third quarter of 2020 and up $0.55 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. Export containerboard prices were up $0.18 per share compared to the third quarter of 2020, and up $0.06 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. As Mark mentioned, we achieved a new all-time record for containerboard shipments with continued strong demand in our box plants as well as our domestic and export containerboard markets. We had record third quarter corrugated product shipments, which were up 2.3% in total and per workday over last year's very strong third quarter. Through the first 3 quarters of 2021, our box shipment volume was up 6.7% on a per day basis versus the industry being up 4.5%. In addition to supplying the record internal needs of our box plants, our outside sales volume of containerboard was 73,000 tons above last year's third quarter and 37,000 tons higher than the second quarter of 2021. Regarding our third quarter demand and our outlook, I'd like to reemphasize some points I made on previous earning calls and what Mark alluded to earlier the same issues that impact our ability to get more volume out of our box plants like labor shortages, truck availability, driver shortages, raw material availability issues and supply chain bottlenecks also persist with our customers. They are telling us they have higher demand and could ship more if not for these issues. There is no doubt we view demand as strong, and we expect this to continue even with the economic obstacles most companies are facing. And keep in mind, the fourth quarter will have 3 less shipping days than the third and fourth quarter comparisons will be against last year's all-time quarterly record for the industry. Regarding the box plant acquisition Mark mentioned, last week, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Advance Packaging Corporation, an independent corrugated products producer, in a cash-free transaction. Under the terms of the agreement, PCA will acquire a modern full-line 500,000 square foot corrugated products facility located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The transaction is structured as a purchase of assets resulting in a full step-up of the assets to fair market value. This acquisition is consistent with one of the key strategic focus areas we've discussed many times regarding increasing our vertical integration of containerboard through organic box volume growth and strategic box plant acquisitions. After completion of the acquisition, our containerboard integration is expected to increase by almost 80,000 tons. This also will allow for further optimization and enhancement of our mill capacity and box plant operations as well as other benefits and synergies that we expect to begin realizing soon after closing. Although we won't get into financial details at this point, we expect the acquisition to be accretive to earnings immediately with a bottom line purchase price multiple similar to the average of our last 4 acquisitions. Closing, subject to certain customary conditions and regulatory approval is expected later this quarter, and we will finance the transaction with available cash on hand. Advance Packaging is a well-capitalized full-service provider of corrugated packaging products, including high-end graphics retail displays, sustainable shipping containers and protective packaging. They utilize state-of-the-art technology, structural and graphic design and engineering capabilities and an ISTA-certified test laboratory to provide customers a solution for nearly any packaging need. With a commitment to continuous improvement, innovation and safety in their operations, Advance Packaging is a great strategic fit for PCA and our culture with an excellent management team, highly skilled and dedicated employees and an outstanding reputation in the marketplace. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter, was $18 million with sales of $150 million or a 12% margin compared to third quarter 2020 EBITDA of $17 million and sales of $178 million or 9% margin. Prices and mix were up 4% from last year's third quarter and also moved 4% higher from the second and into the third quarter of 2021 as we continue to implement our previously announced price increases. As we mentioned last quarter, with finished goods inventory now at optimal levels for the Paper business, sales volume, which was 19% below last year's level, is fairly reflective of our production capability. As I said earlier, while the Jackson number-1 machine is running medium, we will continue to service our paper customers' needs from both of the International Falls machines, which are capable of producing all of the Jackson paper grades. While we've maintained our capability to produce uncoated freesheet on both machines at Jackson, we'll continue to monitor market conditions and run our paper system accordingly. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $284 million, with free cash flow of $134 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $150 million, common stock dividends totaled $95 million, $68 million for federal and state income tax payments, pension and other post-employment benefit contributions of $51 million and net interest payments of $7 million. During the third quarter, we issued $700 million of 30-year 3.05% notes and used the proceeds from these notes to redeem our 4.5%, $700 million 2023 notes in early October. This transaction will lower our average annual cash interest rate from 3.8% to 3.4%, lower our annual interest expense by $11 million per year and extend our average debt maturity from 8.5 years to 16.3 years. Based on the timing of closing the new bonds in September and the redemption of the old bonds occurring in October, our quarter end cash on hand balance included the new bond proceeds. Excluding this transaction, our quarter end cash on hand balance was just over $1 billion or $1.2 billion, including marketable securities, with liquidity at September 30 of $1.5 billion. Our planned annual maintenance expense for the quarter is still expected to be about $0.41 per share or about $0.06 per share, primarily due to the DeRidder mill outage. This will result in a negative impact of $0.25 per share moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter and $0.18 per share higher than last year's fourth quarter. Finally, as Mark mentioned previously, we continue to put tremendous effort into managing certain material equipment and labor availability issues to keep our capital projects on track. While we are managing to keep the key milestones of our more significant projects on schedule, our capital spending across the entire company is now expected to come in below the range we provided previously. We currently expect to end the year with total capital spending around $550 million. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the third into the fourth quarter, we'll continue to implement our previously announced price increases for domestic containerboard, corrugated packaging and paper. And we'll also expect average export containerboard prices to move higher. Packaging segment volume will be lower due to 3 less shipping days as well as the scheduled outage at our DeRidder mill and Paper segment volume would be lower as the Jackson mill is not expected to produce any paper grades. With higher energy prices and anticipated colder weather, energy costs will increase. Wood costs, especially in our Southern mill system, will be higher due to the previous wet weather. Low inventory and high demand will also impact wood. We also expect inflation to continue with most of the other operating converting costs, along with higher freight and logistics expenses. And lastly, as Bob mentioned, we expect scheduled outage cost to be approximately $0.25 per share higher than the third quarter. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $2.04 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Josh, I'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator:  Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
John Babcock: This is actually John Babcock on the line for George. The first question I just wanted to touch on. I was wondering, it looks like your price realizations in 3Q were a bit higher than we had expected. I was just wondering especially given the timing of the last increase, obviously, primarily in August, I was just wondering if you might be able to kind of comment on how much realization you had in the quarter from that August increase?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead with that one?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Well, keep in mind, the third quarter included some bleed in from the second increase plus the timing of the third increase. Nothing really has changed in our timing. We typically roll these in over a 90-day period. But in this particular case, given the timing, yes, we probably did realize a little bit more in the third quarter for this particular increase.
John Babcock: Okay. Great. And then could you provide some color on how the early 4Q bookings look so far?
Tom Hassfurther: The bookings are coming in right now about flat to a year ago. But keep in mind, a year ago, we were up 13%. So I think we're off to a very good start in the fourth quarter and maintaining volume levels that were exorbitantly high last fourth quarter.
John Babcock: All right, great. And then the last question before I turn it over. I was just wondering if you could talk about the impact that labor and supply chain shortages have had on your demand and inventory trends?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, it's hard to put it in exact numbers. As I said, demand remains very good and very strong. However, a lot of our customers, along with ourselves, are suffering from what really is an American commerce issue related to labor, transportation, supply chain issues, et cetera. And it's a mixed bag. I mean we've got some segments of our customer base who are more impacted by materials or chemicals or resins or whatever the case might be as long -- as well as the labor issue. We, of course, as I mentioned, are suffering from many of the same things. And even some of our suppliers have indicated that they're concerned about their ability to keep up with our demand. So it's something that's going on across the entire American landscape as well as, quite frankly, the global landscape.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
John Dunigan: This is John Dunigan in on for Phil. I hope you're all doing well. I was wondering if you could comment on how much medium can the J1 mill can produce per year now? And how much uncoated freesheet produced on the mill either in 2020 or just first half of this year? And then you noted, Mark, that there will be maybe some further investments required to permanently produce the medium on the J1 and possibly make it more efficient. Could you just provide a little bit more color on that and maybe discuss if there's any more increase in medium capacity after those investments if you do decide to do it?
Mark Kowlzan: Currently, on an annualized basis with what we're doing on J1, it's capable of producing about 100,000 tons a year of medium, in that range, based on the fiber availability we have with the DLK that we have and then the balance of the craft fiber. We've obviously, as we've done many times, we've studied these things years in advance. We have a pretty good idea of what we would do under different circumstances if we chose to ramp the machine up in the future. But I think, as I said earlier on the call, the fact that we're actually running medium right now is a really good opportunity for us to study all of the unit operations around the paper machine within the mill system to look at the entire balance of the mill and how it would play out in the future with the work we're doing on J3 machine. And where, ultimately, the Jackson mill goes in terms of producing containerboard. Right now, we also mentioned we have not given up the capability to produce paper on either machine, the J3 machine. Once it undergoes its outage next spring, we'll not be able to go back to paper after that. But J1 machine remains a flexible machine, and we'll just look at our market opportunities and utilize that machine as it is. Again, the machine is an extremely -- highly efficient, very good quality machine and has a lot of opportunity to help us provide our future needs for our customers as we grow with our box plant customers in the future. I'm not going to talk about capital estimates. Again, it's -- I consider that more of a proprietary situation.
John Dunigan: Understood. Appreciate the details. And one more, just -- if you could maybe talk about what percentage of your energy is produced internally? Obviously, recognizing that you're a lot more virgin-based than some of your peers. And then maybe give us some idea of how exposed you are to nat gas and if you have any hedges in place or typically implement?
Mark Kowlzan: I don't have the current numbers. If you think about traditionally, we're in that -- somewhere around 70% if you include black liquor and wood waste within a mill, that's traditionally what you're going to see in the industry with a fully integrated mill that's got black liquor and wood waste capability with combination boilers. Natural gas, obviously, is the big play that the country is seeing right now and quite frankly, the world, and we're exposed to that also. So Bob, do you want to add any color on the natural gas piece? But again, it's not a lot to add, but whether it's impacting us.
Bob Mundy: I'm sorry, it's a big number going from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Obviously, it's probably close to $0.10 hit and it's primarily due to prices that everyone is aware of, but you also have an impact from the seasonal aspect from colder months in the latter part of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Roxland with Truist Securities.
Alex Liscum: This is Alex Liscum sitting in for Mike Roxland this morning. Just a quick question on virgin wood costs. Given the wet weather and the lack of transportation or increasing costs around transportation, you noted on your last call in 2Q that you haven't been able to start your winter wood build yet. Have you made any progress over 3Q? And if you can quantify it, where do your inventories stand right now? And how much more are you paying relative to last year?
Mark Kowlzan: I think we're seeing some relief in the Louisiana and the Mississippi, Tennessee wood Basin right now compared to where we were this summer. The Southeast, in particular, the Georgia, Florida, Southern Alabama, wood baskets remain under pressure from the wet weather and also the demand because of that. The winter wood build has preceded a lot better than I had hoped in the Louisiana and the at our Counce mill in Tennessee. We're nowhere near where we want to be or should be at this time of the year, but we're much improved from where we were 3 months ago. The -- again, Valdosta as an example, and Jackson mill as an example, have a ways to go. And again, there's a lot of competition in those wood baskets, but I'm not going to get into the actual numbers, except to say that it's been a long time since I've seen the entire system in the southern states under this much pressure at this time of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research.
Mark Weintraub: First, just on the Jackson mill. Is there any more color or help you can give us as to where the mill is now from a kind of a total production versus what you've laid out? And maybe we'll keep J3 to the -- sorry, the smaller machine to the side right now, how much incremental production when you move forward on the project you might get? And also, I know you had high costs initially. Where are you in terms of getting the costs relative to where they eventually can get? And any color there would be very appreciated.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I think we've talked all along J3 machine in terms of supplying what we needed and trying to balance the input costs because they were higher. On an annualized basis, the J3 machine has been producing -- use 400,000 tons is a good number if you want to, probably about 100,000 tons a quarter, give or take. And so that's probably a good number to use for your math. If you want to add the annualized production of number-1 machine, that would be 100,000 tons. So again, on an annualized basis, Jackson is producing 500,000 tons of containerboard now at the mill. Again, I'm not going to get into specific costs. We have reduced in a very appropriate manner the cost that we can control with the unit operations that we have to work with. The big cost takeout will come next Spring as we do the really big phase work on the machine conversion and get the productivity up significantly. And when that improvement is made, you'll see a rather big step change in cost reduction. And then the final step change will come in the final phase the following year when we finish up the work on J3. Now again, as we look at J1 and we understand what that would imply, it depends on how much medium you would need in the future. And this goes back to what we said for the better part of the last 1.5 decades, you can convert anything to do anything, but there's a capital price for it. And so on an incremental cost if we're producing 100,000 tons today with appropriate capital, we could supply a significant amount of incremental medium off of that machine in future years if we chose to spend the capital. And so I look at Jackson as a tremendous opportunity. We've said this before, when the work is done on J3, the Jackson machine -- the J3 machine appropriately will be in the category of about a 700,000 ton a year machine capable asset in the next few years. And then that would leave the number-1 machine to balance out our growth opportunity in the box plant system. And so if we're producing 100,000 tons on an annual basis today and you assume you ramp that up, the Jackson mill becomes a significant containerboard producer, if we so choose to and we grow with our demand. But it has a very good opportunity to be one of our low-cost mills over the future years with the appropriate capital.
Mark Weintraub: Great. That's very helpful. And then just shifting gears, just trying to understand the bridging from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Obviously, you had a very good third quarter relative to your initial expectations and everybody else's. In the fourth quarter, you basically are pointing to like a $0.65 reduction in earnings. You called out the $0.25 from maintenance. I think, Bob, you mentioned like $0.10 specific to energy. And then there are a number of other costs, wood, freight, et cetera. At the same time, I guess I would have thought you still would have been getting some more pricing from the August containerboard flowing into boxes. Is there any kind of additional help you can give us to understand why the -- why there be as much of a decline, 4Q versus 3Q? I assume it's mostly costs. And then to the extent that it is, is there a way you can help us parse how much of that might be a seasonal impact, especially in this unusual environment? And so that there's the likelihood of recovery as we get into more seasonally favorable periods versus what may be more systemic changes that one's got to keep an eye on.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, this is Bob. As you know, third quarter to fourth quarter is always a negative movement sequentially. It's just -- going back probably as far as you want to look, it's -- and a lot of that has to do with some of the seasonal things you see going on with wood, energy and some other items. What's happening this quarter -- yes, we are certainly getting additional price improvement or we expect to from the previously announced price increases in the Packaging segment, but we also have a -- the volume situation is not as -- is a little bit more unfavorable, primarily on the mill side of things with the outage at DeRidder and the fact that we actually expect our inventories to go down as opposed to build inventory. So you always have to consider that inventory change and how that impacts your cost and your cost absorption. Certainly, freight is a bit higher than it normally would be this time of year. And then those operating costs, like I mentioned, what was going on with energy, with wood fiber and the things that Mark was speaking to with trying to get inventories where they need to be and competing with others, forest products producers that are trying to do the same thing in that part of the country along with shortages, just trying to get drivers to get wood and bring it to the mill. Those costs are up a similar amount to what energy will be. We expect to be very busy in the box plants again in the fourth quarter. And with what we're already struggling with relative to labor availability, just like most other companies are, paying additional overtime, doing what you have to do to get the volume out of the door. That's higher than normal. And also just overall repairs and materials, other fixed cost type things. It's never seen it quite like this. We talked about the maintenance outages being $0.25 a share negative. And we have some things relative to this capital spending in our box plants that we hope to bring several projects on board in the fourth quarter, and that results in some noncapital implementation expense. That's a little bit higher than normal, but it's for a good reason, obviously. So when you net all of those things, Mark, it's -- you're right, it comes to $0.65, which for us is certainly not out of line. If you look at the second half of our results versus the consensus numbers, it looks like we'll end up the year, the second half, $0.25 better than what anyone thought. It's just the timing of the -- between the quarters. Maybe we had a lot more price appreciation in the third than people were realizing and there was more of that in the fourth. I'm not sure, but that's sort of how we see the sequential numbers moving.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Congratulations on another very good quarter. Bob, just one follow-up on Mark's previous question about the 3Q and the beat versus your guidance of $0.32. Can you help us with how much of the third increase you realized? And consequently, how much more you're expecting in the fourth quarter per your guidance?
Bob Mundy: No, I don't think we'll get into that level of detail. I think you just have to think about what Tom said. And certainly, I think there was more than what people were assuming together with -- as you know, we've always done a really good job of executing and bringing that price to the bottom line as quickly as possible, and I think it was just a great effort during the quarter.
Adam Josephson: Got it. I appreciate that, Bob. On OCC, whoever wants to take this, can you just talk about what you're -- I know you're not a big buyer of it compared to some peers, but what you're expecting in the fourth quarter? I assume you're expecting some decline. I'm just wondering if you're thinking that just seasonal or there something more than that or what you're seeing in the OCC market at the moment?
Bob Mundy: Yes. I think on average, Adam, if you look at the average of 3Q versus 4Q, 4Q will be higher. I think because we're exiting the third quarter, beginning the fourth at a higher cost. Although as the quarter goes on, I think we're -- the costs look like or the price looks like, it will be fairly stable, maybe slightly lower. But like I said, on average, it's a headwind, 3Q to 4Q.
Adam Josephson: Got it, Bob. And Tom, just in terms of what happened in the third quarter, the box demand, I mean, you outgrew the market. Once again, the market was obviously flat. I think that came as a surprise to most people who follow the industry. And I know you talked about this -- the labor constraints that many of your customers are facing. I mean do you have a reason to think those constraints are going to go away anytime soon? Or is this just you think a feature of this economy now, and we're going to be dealing with this for a considerable period ahead?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Adam, as I mentioned to you, it's an American problem, an international problem, you name it. I mean it's -- and if I could predict exactly when this was going to end, I'd be -- I'd probably be doing something different than what I'm doing right now. The fact of the matter is that what makes us so hard to predict right now is the fact that every company is dealing with this, whether it's ours, whether it's our customers, whether it's other industries, whatever the case might be, we're all competing in a labor market that's incredibly tight. As I said before, I mean, we're also competing with the government here, which makes it even much more difficult. But there are shortages everywhere and the demand remains very high. So is this going to be -- is this going to end in the short term? It depends on what you determine short term is, I don't see it ending anytime soon. It's going to continue well into next year, and where it settles out, I don't know. The one thing that's been very evident is that the consumer has changed a lot of their habits. And that's been good for our business. That's not going to change ever again, I don't think. And quite frankly, we've also got customers that have been asking for alternative products to their plastics, which is still a great opportunity for the industry. But we've had a difficulty being able to address that right now just based on all the other demand. So I think when you look at all the trends, it's darn positive going forward.
Adam Josephson: Got it. And Bob, can you give us any specifics on the acquisition that you announced, sales, purchase price multiple, et cetera?
Bob Mundy: No. I think as Tom said, we're not getting into the financial details right now. But -- so that's all we're going to talk about on the call today on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: When you finish the work at J3 and then maybe factoring in the acquisition, is it possible to say where your integration rate in containerboard could shake out at? And sort of how you would think about that versus maybe an optimal run rate integration rate for PCA?
Mark Kowlzan: The easiest way to do it is just assume that we're always going to -- our goal is always to be fully integrated. And how you define fully integrated? For the last number of years, we've always moved some tons to the outside market internationally and domestically. And we will probably do that going forward. Tom, why don't you add some color?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Anthony, I think the way to look at it is this, we're going to run to demand. We've always told you that. So whatever our integration level is, is going to remain essentially the same. There's really -- we have additional demand in the export market. But as I mentioned many times, the domestic market has shrunk so dramatically that it's not just a matter of just going out and saying, I can go sell a bunch of people in the domestic market. There is no domestic market to speak of. So -- and those that supply it are going to stick with what they've got, just like we are sticking with what we have. We're not a big player in the export market. We've been dealing with the same customers for decades now, and that's what we intend to do. So we will grow into our capabilities, and that's why, as Mark mentioned, we will still have the capability to produce white at the mill. And as our paper demand might dictate, we could swing back to that if we needed to. So our objective, as Mark said, remains exactly the same. We will be a fully integrated company.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, Tom, you made an interesting comment on plastic substitution. And obviously, probably not the biggest part of your business and you may not be able to even sort of meet that demand given some of the constraints you and customers are facing, but can you just talk a little bit about what plastic products customers are looking at substituting out of or what customers or end markets these opportunities are cropping up in? Just any kind of general commentary would be helpful.
Tom Hassfurther: I'll just give you an example real quickly. If you receive apparel in a plastic bag through the e-commerce network, typically, those things arrive and they're pretty nasty and people -- consumers have become alerted to what plastics does to the environment and the lack of recyclability in plastics, they're working on it. But obviously, it's a very, very low number compared to corrugated, which probably is the best sustainability story in the world, perhaps. And so they're looking for on conversion opportunities to get out of that stuff to satisfy really what are consumer demands even more so than their own demands. That's just one small example of what's going on, but all of the companies that sell to consumers have been very alerted to the fact that consumers want a recyclable package, a good sustainability story and they want to be good stewards of the environment. And consequently, there's going to be more opportunities going forward for those kind of conversions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cleve Rueckert with UBS.
Cleve Rueckert: Most might have been asked and answered. I just wanted to quickly sort of on a higher level on costs. We calculated about a 2% sequential decline in packaging costs ex G&A on a per ton basis. Did you get some relief in the quarter? I mean, I know you talked about running more efficiently and I'm just wanting to sort of more broadly if there are any areas of improvement.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Cleve, this is Bob. I'm not sure how you calculate your cost. I mean, our cost actually went up. So I really don't know how to answer that question. You've got to be careful when you look at costs, if you're taking them at a high level and just if you like subtracting EBITDA from sales or whatever you may be doing, you also have to take into consideration inventory change tons that were going on between the 2 periods that you're comparing. So you get your denominator right. So again, I really don't know how to answer because our costs went up.
Cleve Rueckert: Okay. So cost was up sequentially on a percent basis. And then just a quick follow-up on containerboard inventories. Sorry if I missed it earlier, did you say that at the end of the quarter or in the quarter, you've got to target and then you expect to consume some in the fourth quarter. Is that the right read there?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We got to what our average where we like to be from weeks of supply basis, sort of our average what it was for the last 5 years. If you exclude that -- the record low of September of last year, that's just not a normal situation. So we -- with the help of the Jackson mill, obviously, we got to where we want it to be from weeks of supply basis, which -- but we have this big DeRidder outage coming up in the fourth quarter. Demand is going to be very strong. So right now, on paper, our inventories would actually decline by the time we hit the end of the year.
Operator:  Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today on the call, and I look forward to talking with everybody at the end of January for our full year and fourth quarter call. Stay well, stay safe and have a nice holiday season.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2021 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details. I'll then wrap things up and then would be glad to take questions.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark indicated, containerboard and corrugated products demand remains very strong across most of all of our end markets. Our plants achieved a new all-time quarterly record for total box shipments as well as a second quarter record for shipments per day, both of which were up 9.6% compared to last year's second quarter. Through the first half of 2021, our box shipment volume is up 9% on a per day basis versus the industry being up 6.8%. Driven by higher domestic demand, outside sales volume of containerboard was about 43,000 tons above the second quarter of 2020, but was down slightly versus the first quarter of this year due to lower export shipments. Supplying the record requirements of our box plants and the need to position inventory levels ahead of what appears to be a strong second half of the year. We are getting good realization from the implementation of our previously announced price increases across all product lines. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.92 per share above the second quarter of 2020 and up $0.51 per share compared to the first quarter of 2021. Export containerboard prices were up $0.09 per share versus last year's second quarter and up $0.04 compared to the first quarter of 2021.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter was $12 million with sales of $142 million or an 8% margin compared to second quarter 2020 EBITDA of $5 million and sales of $123 million or a 4% margin. Although about 1% below second quarter 2020 levels, prices and mix moved higher for the first and into the second quarter of 2021 as we continued to implement our announced price increases. Volume was 17% above last year when pandemic issues caused us to take both machines at the Jackson, Alabama mill down for two months during the second quarter. While this year, we ran the No. 1 machine at Jackson on paper and the No. 3 machine ran linerboard. Now that we have our finished goods inventory at a new optimal level, sales volume in the second quarter is fairly reflective of what our production capability is as a three machine paper system. We'll continue to assess our outlook for paper demand and will run our paper system accordingly. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations for the second quarter was $228 million with free cash flow of $97 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $131 million, common stock dividends of $95 million, cash taxes of $87 million, and net interest payments of $40 million. We ended the quarter with $972 million of cash on hand or $1.1 billion including marketable securities. Our liquidity at June 30th was just under $1.5 billion. I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. As we move from the second to the third quarter in our Packaging segment, we expect continued strong demand for containerboard and corrugated products with one additional day for box shipments. Paper segment volume should be relatively flat primarily due to the scheduled maintenance outage at the Jackson Mill. We will also continue to implement our previously announced price increases in both our Packaging and Paper segments.
Operator: . Your first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi everyone, good morning. Thanks for the details. I guess maybe to start, Mark, if - and Tom if you could talk a bit about your early 3Q bookings and shipments. What are you seeing and related point, we heard from some in the trade that lack of availability has actually impaired producers - converters ability to ship in boxes in 2Q and into 3Q? You called it out as an issue, but is that preventing you from shipping from beyond what you reported in the second quarter? Thanks and I'll have a quick follow-up after that.
Thomas Hassfurther: George, its Tom. I can tell you that going into the third quarter, our bookings and billings are running about 7% ahead of last year. Keep in mind that our comps become much tougher. So it's not as if volume has slowed down at all. It's remained incredibly robust coming right out of the fourth quarter of last year and all the way through this year. I think that's why we felt quite a bit more comfortable about giving some sort of guidance going forward. Also, you asked about the some of the lack of supply in the second quarter maybe bleeding over into the third quarter. We're running lead times that are longer than we're used to and certainly longer than our customers are used to. So the demand remains very high. Trying to get it out the door is an issue more related to transportation at this stage than it is certainly about paper. We're able to take care of our own plants through our system. So that's not the issue for us, it's more transportation and I think that's reflective of most of the industry.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks, Tom. My second question if you could talk or third question really is I think the last quarter or going into 2021, you had pointed to a sequential drop-off in maintenance for the third quarter. Just if you could affirm what your maintenance schedule is for this year versus last year. I think the drop off 2Q to 3Q should be about 12%? And then lastly on cost, you flagged what cost I think particularly in the south. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing? What kind of headwind that might be for you in the third quarter and fourth quarter? Obviously, the weather has been tough and that's usually what drives higher wood costs. Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: George, I'll take the wood cost. Obviously, we've had a very wet period of time throughout the entire Gulf Coastal region up to the southeastern states through the entire winter and spring into the summer months now. And so coupled with the high demand for pulpwood and the logistics issues with the trucking side of the equation, it's basically put the situation where it is that pulp prices are up dramatically because of those situations, but again, it's more of a weather related phenomenon than anything else. Bob, why don't you go ahead and talk about the average cost?
Robert Mundy: Yes, George, it's about $0.11 to $0.12 help going to 2Q to 3Q on outages, which is very similar to the - our wood costs going the other direction and about the same amount.
George Staphos: Thank you very much guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Hi, good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tom.
Thomas Hassfurther: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Mark, for my first question, I'd like to just kind of step back a little bit and I know this is a sensitive issue, but I wondered if you could just discuss kind of plans and process around leadership succession at Packaging Corp?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, we've talked about this before and as you could imagine, that's a Board level matter, but we have got the depths and the breadth of the talent across the board. That's been identified and we continue to develop. We're very confident in the talent pool we have and the Board feels the same way that. Again, we've got enormous opportunities with the talent across the entire company.
Mark Wilde: Okay. The second question I had is, if you could just walk us through the steps that you might be making if you downsize the footprint in the white paper business to a smaller capacity base and whether this involves shifts in your customer base. I think your filings in the past have pointed to two large customers.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, as you can imagine, without the Jackson No. 3 machine, we've gone ahead and exited some business over the last six months and now as you think about that as a three machine system, we're going to be supplying a smaller marketplace. So we've been able to rationalize that accordingly, but that has shifted us down to a few bigger customers, but nevertheless, the entire market for us has shifted down over the last eight years, since we've run the paper business. And so we're very confident that we'll continue to supply into that market and do it in a meaningful manner as we go forward and so -
Mark Wilde: And then finally.
Mark Kowlzan: Go ahead Mark.
Mark Wilde: I just was curious, Mark, is it possible to think about I Falls as a containerboard mill at some point. I'm just trying to think about the puts and takes. Typically, upper Midwest with a lot of hardwood, you only produce medium up there, but I just - I don't even know whether you think from an engineering standpoint that's an option at I Falls over time?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, we've said this for the better part of the last decade that you can convert anything to do anything, but there is a capital cost and there are puts and takes with transportation, logistics and then what is your intent in terms of product mix. Right now, we have a good market for the paper that's coming out of I Falls. We'll continue to run to that opportunity. We have the Jackson conversion coming on big next year that will continue to supply us with the necessary containerboard for the next few years. And I would say this, as long as the Paper business offers us an opportunity with the International Falls mill, we'll continue to take advantage of that opportunity. In the future years, if that was not the case, then we'd have to reassess the situation and look at our optionality with that asset, but trust me, it's - you have to believe that we've already done that and we have the opportunities in the files and know what we would do at any given time. So we're pretty confident that we've got a lot of flexibility.
Mark Wilde: All right, well, Boise Paper has been the gift that keeps giving. So I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Two things, just on white paper, will Jackson will be all containerboard in the second half. I'm just sort of curious how these projects affect the ability to run white there?
Mark Kowlzan: Neither Jackson will continue to run with the No. 3 machine on containerboard and at the present time, our intent is to run No. 1 machine on a paper.
Mark Connelly: Okay, so even during the project, great. And secondly, you talked in this call and previous calls about box plants debottlenecking projects. I'm just curious if with all the activity you've got going on right now and all the COVID. Are you doing as many of those projects today as normal or more than normal, less than normal?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, we're extremely pleased with the rate that we've been able to execute these projects and I'll give you an example, I mean, we did slow down a little bit last year during the 2020 period and we have become a little more targeted in what projects required the attention of the various technical organization just because of the travel restrictions and the concern for people's well-being, but this year that was ramped up to full activity and so we're continuing to execute well across the board. But I can give you an example, if you go back over the last 3.5 years, we've executed approximately at 62 of these box plants $850 million worth of capital project activity. Flexo Folder-Gluers converting equipment upgrades, major rebuilds, new corrugators, built the two new plants and so we're doing this all in-house, but the pace is ramped up in 2021 over some of 2020. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing. And so we currently have a great deal of activity going on at numerous plants nationwide that will continue to provide the benefits that I spoke about and that Tom spoke about. So, we're extremely pleased with the opportunities.
Mark Connelly: Fantastic. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, it looks like you're getting really rapid and significant pass-through on the board increases into boxes. Can you give us a sense, A, is it true? Are you getting more than full pass-through and is this type of environment where you're able to achieve that? Can you give us a read on how much more is there to come in the third quarter and just wanted to confirm, are you including any of the pending August increase or is that excluded from the guide?
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. Let me just comment, we say very little about our price increase, but this isn't any different than the price increases we've had in the past. It's a very disciplined approach that we do. We roll them in over approximately the 90-day period. We have local accounts to go in at a maybe a quicker rate than some of our contractual accounts. If you want to look at the three price increases kind of separately, the first price increase was effectively done, and but you do have some bleed over depending on contracts and things like that, timing, those can be impacted. Second price increase, the same way, it rolls out over a whole 90-day period. Third price increase hasn't been reflected yet in pulp and paper. So obviously, we have raised prices to our independent customers and our linerboard and medium customers domestically. Those are in place, but the lion's share of the price increase, which goes through boxes, again, that will flow through over a 90-day period. So virtually, none of that would be reflected at this stage in the third quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, that's helpful. And lastly, one of the questions, the impact from volume you note I believe it was $0.74, which is $90 million, $100 million if we think of it pre-tax, which seems like a really big number relative to an extra 100,000, 120,000 tons of board and boxes being shipped. Just trying to understand how we get to that number? Is there some sort of mix element included in here as well or and I realize it's kind of an esoteric question but any help there would be appreciated?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark, yes, I mean, for starters, if you just look at the raw volume, I mean the raw volume is up dramatically and as we came out of COVID last year into that fourth quarter, the question mark and it was a big question mark for everybody was will that level of volume be maintained going into 2021 and then throughout 2021. So far, we've maintained very close to those kind of numbers and I think it's just indicative of what the market is right now and the changes that have taken place from consumer habits. Also, I'll remind you that last year during COVID of course you know from a mix standpoint, our display business had basically gone to nothing because of the shutdowns and no shopping in brick and mortar and things like that sort. So that end of the business had dried up quite a bit and that's back now and then also, we've had good cost controls in terms of getting this volume out. As we've indicated, a lot of these capital projects are paying off. So we can - we're very comfortable with the number.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, super quarter. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Mark, Bob and Tom, good morning and congrats on a really good quarter as well.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks.
Adam Josephson: How would you - Tom, would you mind just elaborating on your demand expectations in the quarter just embedded in your guidance, you mentioned the comps get a lot more difficult in July. I know for the industry, the comps get particularly difficult in September. Can you just remind us roughly what your comps looked like last year and consequently what appropriate expectations might be as the quarter plays out?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, we had - Adam, we had some really, it really ramped up in the second half of the year as we've indicated. So those numbers were high-single even to mid double-digit increases by the time the fourth quarter rolled around. So to be at or above those numbers is a very, very large number and a robust number that we've essentially been able to maintain and if I look out into the second half of the year. And that's why I say these comps become much tougher, when you're starting to compare to a high-single and low double-digit numbers, pretty hard to be significantly higher than that given everything that's going on right now and just the difficulty getting it out the. door but interestingly enough, I'll also point out, our customer base is telling us that they could ship a lot more. They have higher demand than what they're able to get out because they're dealing with the same supply chain issues and transportation issues that we're dealing with. So I'm bullish because there is some upside even to these numbers that we have so far.
Adam Josephson: Yes, no, I appreciate that and just relatedly, Tom, would you compare this period to anything else you can remember having worked at the company. And if so, what would that period be?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I think a couple of things is number one is, I don't think we've ever gone through a time like this certainly in my career where the government has pumped a lot of money into the economy and businesses have just taken off coming out of a shutdown. I don't think anybody would have ever guessed that during a COVID shutdown, an extended COVID shutdown that people would turn to things like e-commerce very quickly and as rapidly as they did. Those habits are now pretty well entrenched and so what may have taken about five years to have occurred took place in a matter of a year. Those demands have certainly helped the corrugated box business, but again, interestingly enough, I mean I can look across we've got 15,000, 16,000 customers and our Top 50 accounts are up in excess of 15% and when you look at the mix of those companies across the board, I mean they are in every segment. Obviously, food and beverage is the largest one we have in the corrugated box business, but whether it's home improvement, apparel, like I said, food and beverage, whatever the case might be, they are up dramatically and most of our customers say they could even be higher.
Adam Josephson: Yes, no, I really appreciate that, Tom. Mark, on your cash balance and just your balance sheet situation. Obviously, you've done a terrific job of maintaining a rock solid balance sheet for a long time and you have over $1.1 billion of cash and equivalents at your disposal. Can you just talk about what your inclination is in terms of repurchase, acquisitions? I know you've got the spending on the project, but you have ample room to do more. You've been more reluctant to buy back your stock in recent years and understandably so, but just can you update us on your thoughts about best uses of cash at this point or perhaps there may not be any just given where asset prices are?
Mark Kowlzan: The same thought process continues that we've always used. You can use cash for dividends, acquisitions, buybacks is an example. Organic opportunities with capital spending currently happens to be a very, very big return opportunity for us that we've been taking advantage of for the last few years. We're always looking at opportunities in terms of acquisition opportunities. So that hasn't changed, but I think more than anything we just remained very prudent in how we go about looking at that use of cash and being mindful that every dollar is extremely valuable and again quite frankly currently I would rather take a $1 of cash and put it into a good capital project in a box plant or a mill because we get immediate return for it, low-risk, high-return opportunity. Same thing with dividends, dividends being a Board level matter, we continue to discuss that periodically and understanding that dividends should be meaningful, but sustainable. And then as time goes on, we'll just continue to look at the bigger opportunities, but I think again one of our virtues that we've held closely is our patience and that we're an extremely patient group. So that's a long answer to your question.
Adam Josephson: No, I appreciate it. And just one last one Mark, on the labor situation. I know freight is problematic for everyone these days and there are many other costs that are problematic. Can you talk about labor specifically what you've experienced there and what you're anticipating along those lines?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again it's pretty understandable that the demand for labor is high across the board. We've been fortunate through the capital spending programs in the last few years that with a lot of new technology going into box plants as an example, we've provided enormous tools for the existing workforce to become much more productive and so that has been a very big benefit to us. But again, we're struggling like everybody else is trying to again look at the workforce, how do you retain and how do you attract people when the demand is so high for the current labor pool in this country. So I think we're in a good place. Our retention rates continue to be high and so I'm feeling pretty good about it, but we're mindful. Tom, you want to add to that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yeah, listen, labor is an issue for us, it's an issue for our customers as well. It's getting people back into the workforce is going to be incredibly important, but I think it also goes back to your capital question, Adam, relative to we think long-term about what we're going to be doing and how we run this business and one of the things that we've been working on for quite some time now is how to do more with less in terms of labor just because we knew that it was going to be - it's going to be an issue for us over the long haul. So I think that in itself has paid off some big dividends for us that Mark alluded to.
Adam Josephson: Really appreciate it, Tom. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tom, Bob, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Thomas Hassfurther: Good morning.
Gabe Hajde: I had a question, I mean not only did you reinstate guidance, but you also made mention of kind of just even second half strength on the packaging side. So I'm curious what you're seeing kind of different maybe than you were before. If there are end markets and I know Tom mentioned this in the call, e-commerce, but what gives you that confidence to make those comments relative again - relatively speaking I think you guys tend to be a little bit more conservative on the outlook.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think it's just inherently looking at the marketplace and understanding where demand has been now for the last year, understanding what the paper side of the business has been doing and where demand has been going with paper, looking at the pricing side of the equation and understanding how pricing has been holding up for our corrugated products side of the business, volume, pricing, and then just the success of our own execution and our capital spending. As we go forward, I think we're in a pretty good place now. If one assumes that demand does what we think it's going to do that in and of itself builds a lot of confidence opportunity for us.
Gabe Hajde: All right, thank you for that and I guess I know it may be difficult to discern, but is there any way you can parse out for us at Jackson for the incremental contributions that you're getting maybe in terms of production tons, the dollar amount and then is that being I guess reflected as a detriment to the paper business. Just trying to understand sort of a normalized profitability level might like in paper.
Mark Kowlzan: As far as Jackson, if you - without going into details which we won't, but if you think about the productivity and we've talked about this I believe on the April call for the second quarter Jackson No. 3 produced, I believe 111,000 tons of linerboard if I'm not mistaken. And we did explain that that is higher cost production than the rest of our system and so even at a higher cost at the productivity and efficiencies that that the machine is running at, it's extremely valuable in terms of its contribution to the bottom line and providing us the necessary tons. The cost will come down significantly next year as we go through the first phase of the conversion and then to the final phase the following year, you'll see the cost position at Jackson equal to or better than the rest of our containerboard system, but Jackson currently is a very significant contributor from the No. 3 machine containerboard side.
Gabe Hajde: Okay, but I guess to be clear, those inefficiencies are booked and kind of reported through packaging, not the paper segment?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Gabe Hajde: Okay, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey guys, congrats on another impressive quarter in a tough environment. I guess bigger picture, Mark and Tom, the industry is obviously set up for another strong year in box demand. I think many of us had been accustomed to seeing 1% growth and your comps to get a little tougher when we look at 2022. So do you expect the growth profile to kind of be elevated north of that 1% rate. Just any color how you think about the outlook going forward?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, Phil, if I could predict that exactly, I'd be a much wealthier man, I can tell you that. Yes, you're right, we've been more in that 1%, 1.5% growth range. We had this giant leap that took place last year. It's continued into this year. So I think just a maintenance of that number has changed the dynamics of this industry dramatically and I think going forward I think you'll see some more normalization, but I would guess it will be something a little north of where it traditionally has been just given the demand, we see out there in the marketplace and what we're hearing from our customers.
Thomas Hassfurther: I think one way I look at it, if you think about what happened in the 1980s and 1990s in North America in general, we had a lot of offshoring of manufacturing activity that created a decrease in corrugated product demand. At the same time, if you went back over the last 60 years for many decades up into that 1980s, 1990s period, box demand was strongly correlated to GDP. It wasn't a 1:1 correlation, but there was a high correlation. Through the 1980s into the 1990s, that correlation separated and again in the GDP equation, service industry became a bigger factor in GDP, manufacturing was less of a component. What we're seeing is more onshoring of manufacturing, more American businesses investing here in the United States in manufacturing, box demand tied to that factor and I have to believe that as we go forward into the next few decades as an example that you will see on a trend line basis, the box demand will have a new very strong correlation to GDP in general and that's how I'm going to think about the future.
Phil Ng: Okay. Super helpful. I mean that's kind of how we're thinking about it too. So that's great to hear. Appreciating weather is having an impact on wood costs, how long do you think this impact is going to linger and any risk that you're going to have supply shortages that could impact your production in the back half of this year?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, there's a couple of factors involved, it's not - if it was just the wet weather, I'd say well sooner than later it's going to stop raining. We just had an unusually consistently wet winter and spring and then in the summer, we had that one tropical system that came through in June came up through the Southeast. But we've gone through wet periods before but what's also a major factor is the availability of the trucking side of the equation in terms of log hauling to a mill is dependent on trucks and so those truck drivers have a choice, they can go and work over the road hauling various goods or go into the woods and haul logs and so there has been extreme competition for truck drivers. So I would think though that if we get a dry period or a more normal weather period in the South, you'll see a significant normalization of wood cost relatively quickly and then everything else dependent on the economy in terms of labor, driver availability on that side of the equation. So it's a - there's two major factors in that equation.
Phil Ng: Got it, but Mark, it doesn't sound like you're expecting any real shortages where you can't produce, I mean it's ongoing bottlenecks you've kind of experienced. Is that a fair remark?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I mean, speaking for PCA, we're okay, day to day, we are looking at it carefully as you can imagine but currently barring any unforeseen hurricane, big tropical systems that come up through the Southern states right now, we're okay for the time being. I do watch the weather consistently because of that, but again it's something we can't control. So you do the best we can, but currently we're okay with where we are, we're just again - I'll point out the industry typically at this time of year would be starting their winter wood build and so mills across the Southern region would be starting to stockpile wood in their lay down yards, in their wet storage areas, satellite wet storage areas for the upcoming, what would traditionally be a wet late fall wet winter period. So you compound the problem right now that the inventories across the mill system in the South and Southeast have been depleted. We're running basically day to day short inventories. We're also not able to start our winter wood build as an industry as you can imagine. So it's going to be important that we do get a dry period because we have to set ourselves up for the late fall and winter when you really get the weather systems coming through with the traditional lows that come out of the Gulf of Mexico and move up through. So that's the longer-term concern.
Phil Ng: Got it. And just one quick one. It looks like and I think Mark try to change this question earlier, but it looks like your drop through incremental margins on your volumes just really popped in 2Q. I know the previous two quarters maybe challenges with how strong demand into these bottlenecks, maybe the drop through wasn't as good, anything that sit out in the quarter and do you think that is sustainable in the back half of the year, those great incremental margins you saw in the quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, if you think about the richness of the book of business in general that we have, the operating efficiencies - we executed extremely well in the mills and the box plants. These capital projects and I called it out just in 2018, '19, '20 and then the half of 2021, we spent $852 million on significant improvements in two-thirds of our box plant fleet across the country and massive capital opportunity for the employees to be significantly more productive and that's paid off in a big way for us. And so again, it's pretty simple, great book of business and operate extremely efficiently equals high margins.
Phil Ng: That's super helpful. Thank you. Really appreciate it guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: Thank you. For corrugated, can you just talk about the cadence of the 9.6% volume growth through second quarter by month. And then can you also just touch on what you're seeing in terms of demand trends for your various end markets, maybe what surprised both positively and negatively during the quarter?
Thomas Hassfurther: I can give you the volume trends through the quarter. April was up 12%, May was up 11% and June was up 6% and as I indicated July, we're rolling about 7% over last year. Again, I'll remind you that it's not as if volume went down. Volume continues to improve but it's against a much tougher comp.
Neel Kumar: Right and then can you just maybe touch on end markets, how they performed relative to expectations?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, our end markets have performed as expected. I mean just as I think I indicated earlier that our top accounts are up in double-digits and have plenty of opportunities to continue to grow. They are hindered a little bit by those same things we talked about which supply chain issues, freight issues, labor issues, those sorts of things. So I think that the trend remains very good.
Neel Kumar: Okay and then in Paper, can you just discuss what you're seeing in terms of demand trends so far in July. I mean what's your expectations are for back-to-school demand this year?
Mark Kowlzan: I'm sorry, I couldn't quite hear you.
Neel Kumar: Yes, I'm just saying for paper, can you just talk about your demand trends so far in July and your expectations for back-to-school demand?
Mark Kowlzan: Paper as you could imagine, the trend line has moved up and it's for that very reason the school openings, business openings that are starting to - people got to restock, but we explained that because of the Jackson machine coming out of the system, we've reached a new equilibrium in our ability to go to market and to serve the market. So we've intentionally brought that marketplace to a new point with PCA. So we're up, but we're up to a new level that we can manage to and supply into. So we're not representative of the industry at large because of what we've done at Jackson.
Neel Kumar: Great, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You already discussed wood fiber costs for 3Q quite a bit, but curious what your expectation is for recovered fiber costs and what's embedded in the guidance going forward. I understand the sign is impactful to you as other peers but just any thoughts there would be helpful?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, your guess is as good as mine. We're fortunate that - again we've, you have to believe with the current trends it's going up and there is nothing that indicates it's going to go down any time soon. Some of the latest data that's come out indicates record low nationwide inventory levels of recycled fiber availability, all time demand for all recycled fibers across the board. And so unless something happens to the marketplace in the world, I don't see that changing, but again, I think for PCA, we've always considered ourselves - we don't have a crystal ball, we don't know where the world's going, so we build ourselves around flexibility and we still remained the lowest dependent on OCC as an example compared to the rest of the industry. We can take advantage of it, but again we're always mindful of maintaining our flexibility and fiber utilization.
Kyle White: Got it. And then going back to Neel's question on some of the end markets, what are you seeing in agriculture. Do you have any exposure to or any impacts from the fires over in the Pacific? And then on e-commerce, are you seeing any kind of signs of any slowdowns as markets reopen and people aren't as home as much?
Thomas Hassfurther: Kyle, this is Tom. Regarding Ag, we have not had any impact on our Ag end markets so far. The majority of the large fire out west are on the Oregon-California border. So, those Northern California Ag markets, those fires are quite a bit north of them. Regarding e-com, we have seen zero slowdown down in e-com. In fact, I think everybody in the business of any sort is trying to figure out how they can use that e-com to better grow their business and consumer preference still remains very strong in the e-com area.
Kyle White: Got it. Thank you. Good luck in the balance of the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator:  Your next question is from Cleve Rueckert with UBS.
Cleve Rueckert: Hey, good morning everybody. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Cleve Rueckert: I just had one follow-up on containerboard production, with the mills coming off maintenance in Q3 and your outlook on demand, how much do you think containerboard production could grow sequentially in the quarter and when do you think you'll be in a position to have inventories more normalized in line with your target?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, we're in a much better place than we were earlier in the second quarter because of all the outages we're dealing with, but as we mentioned on the call on a weeks of supply basis in terms of weeks of supply inventory, we're at an extremely low level compared to what our needs are. So even though we built some inventory, we're not where we need to be or should be. Our productivity out of our corrugated - I mean our containerboard mill system will be much better in the third quarter. Production will be up. I'm not going to give you the number. If you can run the math on what you currently have for mills in the system, but we expect to build in terms of our productivity, but also, we also expect third quarter to be a very high demand quarter for that containerboard through our box plant system. So it's probably not the answer you wanted, but I'm not going to give you exact quantitative numbers.
Cleve Rueckert: You have latent capacity in the box plant system, I mean could you run the box plants harder if you needed to?
Mark Kowlzan: I wish and I talk about that all the time. We'd be in big trouble if we had not undertaken a few years back the capital program that we did and also the organizational changes that took place back in 2019 with the technology and engineering groups and how we manage the business day to day, but yes, I wish we had a lot more productivity opportunities in the box plants, but we're building that in every day with the execution of more capital spending and projects that we're doing. So we're in a good place, but it's like we've always talked about it in our mills also and I see this in the box plants. Box plants and mills run really well when they are under pressure and I'll continue to believe that going forward and we have plans, longer-term strategic plans on how we will continue to build out our opportunities and anticipate what our customer requirements will be because it's all about the customer and understanding what the needs are and being able to react and respond in any part of the country and within a region to meet that market demand.
Cleve Rueckert: That's fair enough. And one quick follow-up, you did mention earlier in the prepared remarks, that you're outgrowing the industry through the first half in Packaging, which obviously is implying market share gain. Do you have a sense of where you're gaining share whether either in markets or in product types? And that's it from me. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: That's a very complex question and where do we gain share? I think we have a long tradition of having a much broader customer base than most of our major competitors. We have corrugated plants plus sheet plant network that we deal with. We have tried to align with customers that have a very good growth trend and good opportunities and of course, we've got a customer base spread over 16,000 customers all trying to win in their marketplaces. So I think those are the - and of course, I think our ability to be able to, as we've talked about over and over here relative to capital, our ability to expand as our customers' needs and as they grow. So those are the key elements to why we have traditionally gotten more market share than our competitors.
Cleve Rueckert: Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Stephanie. I would like to thank everybody for taking the time today to be with us on the call and I look forward to talking with you on October for the third quarter earnings call. Stay well, stay safe, have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Good morning, and again, I appreciate everybody participating today in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2021 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results, and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide additional details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, corrugated products and containerboard demand were very strong during the quarter. Total volume in our corrugated products plants was up 6.6% versus last year and equaled the all-time record for total box shipments that we just set in the fourth quarter of 2020. Shipments per day were up 8.3% over last year, which set a new first quarter record for us. Strong domestic demand drove outside sales volume of containerboard 13% above last year's first quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.26 per share above the first quarter of 2020 and up $0.52 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 as we continued to implement our November 2020 announced price increases during the quarter and we began the implementation of our announced March increase. Export containerboard prices were up $0.05 per share versus last year's first quarter and up $0.04 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the first quarter was $16 million with sales of $165 million or a 10% margin compared to the first quarter of 2020’s EBITDA of $42 million and sales of $217 million or 19% margin. As expected sales volume was about 22% below last year, as we ran only one machine at the Jackson, Alabama mill this quarter versus both machines running in the first quarter of 2020. First quarter paper prices and mix were almost 3% below last year. However, prices began to move higher in the latter part of the quarter, resulting from the announced paper price increases and averaged 1% higher than fourth quarter 2020 average prices.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. For the first quarter, we generated cash from operations of $192 million and free cash flow of $107 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $85 million and common stock dividends of $95 million. We ended the quarter with $983 million of cash on hand or $1.1 billion including marketable securities. Our liquidity at March 31 was $1.5 billion. I want to update you on our full year guidance for a couple of items that we provided on last quarter's call. Current plans and scope of work for the scheduled maintenance outages at our containerboard mills has changed and the new total company estimated cost impact for the year is $0.97 per share. The actual impact in the first quarter $0.10 per share and the revised estimated impact by quarter for the remainder of the year is now $0.30 per share in the second quarter, $0.16 in the third and $0.41 per share in the fourth quarter. Also our capital spending estimate for the year has changed to a range of $650 million to $675 million as we have now announced our plans for the conversion of the number three paper machine at our Jackson mill to linerboard. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Bob. Regarding the conversion of the number three machine at Jackson, Alabama our current plans are to continue running the machine on linerboard as demand warrants. In a manner similar as to how we ran in the first quarter until the scheduled first phase outage is taken in the second quarter of 2022. The converted machine is expected to operate at an initial production rate of approximately 75% of its new capacity. The second phase outage work is planned for mid-2023 with the machine reaching its run rate capacity of 2,000 tons per day by the end of 2023. This phased conversion over the next few years will provide much needed internal linerboard supply. This gives us a runway for maintaining an optimal integration level and enables us to further optimize and enhance our current mill capacity in box plant operations. We're committed to being fully integrated and we have a track record of ramping up production from machine conversions according to our customers demand requirements.
Operator:  Your first question will come from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the progress guys. I guess the first question that I had given that you're running really tight, at least in terms of your prepared remarks, in terms of managing your customer requests, the freight logistics issues domestically that we're seeing, I realize you have customers internationally and their long-term relationships, but why the increase in export sales in the quarter? Why not try to keep some of those tons domestically, if in fact that's where you need them? And then I have a couple of follow-ons.
Tom Hassfurther: Hey, George, this is Tom. I'll just answer that real quickly.
George Staphos: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Hassfurther: We had a number of export commitments that had to take place – that were running over from the previous year that we had to take care of in the first quarter to maintain our relationships, and so we just had to get that taken care of. And we knew full well that we'd also be able to supply our box plants, although with a very tight inventory.
George Staphos: Okay. I appreciate that. Second question I had, if you can just give us the normal rundown, Tom, perhaps that you would give us on bookings and billings early in the quarter. And are you seeing any signs at all of customers trying to conserve on corrugated given the market that you've seen? Or if anything given the growth that we've been saying, are you seeing new applications beyond e-commerce for corrugated? So kind of a couple part question there.
Tom Hassfurther: Good question, George. First of all, through 14 days, our bookings are up 16% versus a year ago. So obviously the volume remains very robust and we're obviously very pleased with those kinds of numbers and the trend that has just continued coming right out of the fourth quarter of last year and continued into this year. There's no way customers can, in essence, hoard or order ahead or anything like that with the demand we're having right now. And a lot of our customers report business conditions as good as what we're talking about. And they're just trying to keep their head above water. And we obviously are keeping them supplied with boxes.
George Staphos: Okay. I was really more getting at the point, if customers are trying to conserve, it sounds like right now they're just living hand to mouth and they'll worry about that or for that matter, the growth that look once they can kind of catch up. My last question, I know it's something you might not want to talk too much live mic on, but qualitatively, if we look at where our first quartile and a fourth quartile machine might be in containerboard, would it be unduly penalizing to estimate that maybe right now Jackson is costing you, I don't know, $10 million a quarter just because of where it is on the cost curve right now, relative to where it will be at some point? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I think everyone could understand that without the capital investment. We are running probably in that high third, low fourth quartile costs portion of a curve. The beauty of it is though, it's very productive, very efficient and providing us the critical tons we need to run the box system. We've also in the last four months, we've taken considerable cost out as we've learned more about the machine, but the machine has proven to be quite an extremely efficient machine, but someone might think about the capital spending that we are undertaking as we speak that we'll go through next year and the year after.
George Staphos: Thank you very much, Mark. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning, Mark, and congratulations on a very good quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark. Thanks.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wanted to – the mill volume was just incredible here in the first quarter. You did about 1.2 million tons and your listed capacity in the K is 4.3 million a year. So factoring in Jackson, I wonder if you can just help reconcile that. And is this a pace that's all sustainable over time?
Mark Kowlzan: No one asked us in January what we really produced in Jackson in the fourth quarter. But if you think about what we are producing and what we produced in the fourth quarter and what we produced in the first quarter, the Jackson No. 3 machine on a run rate and looking at its grade mix, it’s producing a little over 100,000 tons a quarter. It's in that range. And so on an annualized basis, it's providing an incremental 400,000-plus tons a year to the run rate. And part of the reason, again, if you think about the filings, we did not have the machine listed as a true linerboard machine. So we still consider it a paper machine providing us with so much needed linerboard right now. Fast forward, to help you with your math; if you assume the 4.3 million plus the 400,000 tons, you get pretty close to your number. The other factor that we’ll give you a little understanding on is the project I mentioned on the call just a few minutes ago, the Wallula OCC project. Not only was that going to be a fiber flexibility opportunity for the Wallula mill, but anybody that understands fiber physics, recycled fibers of any kind drain and dry much more easily than virgin fiber. And so by mixing now the OCC and with our virgin kraft fiber at the Wallula mill, we're seeing as we expected much higher speeds on the machines, and in particular, the No. 3 machine, the drainage pressing drawing is far superior than it was before. And so starting in February, when we started the OCC plant up, we've been averaging close to 100 tons a day more production on that machine. And so that's another piece of the incremental first quarter tons that was built in, and that you'll see for the rest of the year also. So that – go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Yes, that’s good. I was just going to say, I think when you first converted Wallula, you were talking about 400,000 tons there, but the potential to get it to 500,000 or 550,000, where would that machine be right now taking into account the OCC mix?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, the whole mill, because don't forget the No. 2 machine is sitting there making medium. We had talked all along that that mill had the opportunity to get close to that 600,000 ton annualized run rate for both machines and where they're essentially right now.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And just secondly, Mark is there any way to help us think about the impact of this adverse weather in the first quarter? I would have expected that that would have caused issues perhaps down in DeRidder and maybe kind of across your converting business.
Mark Kowlzan: Let me – I'm going to say a few things, and then Tom and Bob can add to that. We were very fortunate that we were not as severely impacted as some competitors. The DeRidder mill was able to run through this. We had transportation, logistics problems trying to move raw materials in and finished goods out. We had the bigger impact in the Texas region, in the Dallas metroplex area with our box plants. We had some of the box plants, obviously down. Tom, do you want to add a little color to the two-week period when we had a lot of the severe weather?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Mark, we obviously lost a significant production time in those box plants. We made up for a lot of that in the subsequent month, but it was a very, very difficult month. The ag crop, obviously, down in down the Rio Grande Valley was dramatically impacted, which also impacted our volumes in that area. In addition, as you may be aware, the impact of the chemical plants to provide the chemicals that make up our glues and adhesives was definitely impacted, and we've been suffering shortages of that product across all the companies. And we've had to take some extraordinary measures to make sure that we can continue to run at much higher expense to do so.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's really helpful. I'll turn it over guys. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark. Hello?
Operator: Mark, you may be on mute. Okay. Our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I believe you said that the impact from pricing in your domestic business was $0.52 from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, was that right? Did I hear that right?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark.
Mark Weintraub: So if I translate that into kind of millions of dollars, it sounds like, like $60 million plus, which if you're making 1.2 million tons of containerboard on an integrated basis seems like $50 per ton. So is that – and if that's the case, have you already gotten the lion's share of that November increase, or is part of that mix, and there's still a decent amount to come?
Tom Hassfurther: Hey, Mark, this is Tom. We have gotten most of the increase from November in the first quarter. We do have some of that trails into the second quarter and even into the beginning of the third quarter, just based on contracts. But the lion's share has been accomplished in the first quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on a really great quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Adam. Thanks.
Adam Josephson: Good morning, Mark. A couple of questions. On guidance, obviously, pre-pandemic, you gave quarterly guidance. You haven't resumed doing so since, even though you put up really good numbers of this quarter and the outlook seems pretty good. Has your philosophy changed about providing quarterly guidance? And – or if not, when do you intend to resume giving guidance?
Mark Kowlzan: I think the way we would answer that is that there's still so much uncertainty in the world around us. If you think about the number that Tom just gave you for the volume, if a year ago somebody told you that volume was going to be up 16% year-over-year and on a given month, no one would believe you. And so until the pandemic winds down and we come back to some at least sense of what we think the new world normality will be, we believe it's in our best interests, in the shareholder's best interest to not give guidance.
Adam Josephson: Yes, I completely understand. You stole my thunder. I was going to ask you, I mean, I think in 2019 your per day shipments were up about 1%. In the first quarter, they were up 8.3% and you're talking about bookings up 16%. So is there any way for you to separate the impact of the pandemic and all this stimulus, and talk about what you think normalized demand even is? Or is it just impossible to do?
Tom Hassfurther: Hey, Adam, this is Tom.
Adam Josephson: Hey, Tom.
Tom Hassfurther: It's virtually impossible to do. Let me tell you, because our customer base across the board with the exception of a few are up dramatically. And so it's not just e-commerce as an example, being the only segment that's really driving this, it's a lot of segments that are going on. And I think obviously the stimulus helps and has been a plus for us. But again, as Mark said, we've got to wait until things settle down to really be able to get our arms around what's really going on in the world.
Adam Josephson: And Tom, why – any explanation for April? I mean, it's just – it's so outsized, it's just mind-blowing. Is there any logical explanation that you can come up with?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think what we're seeing is we're seeing the exact same thing that we saw starting in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter was up dramatically. It rolled right into the first quarter, and now it's rolling right into the second quarter. So to try to predict it would have been difficult to do and we expected just like a lot of other people expected that the fourth quarter, that things might slow down a little bit from the fourth quarter, but they just haven't. So it remains incredibly robust and I think we've got a lot of customers that are way behind on their shipments as well. So I think it will continue going forward for awhile.
Adam Josephson: Yes, thanks. I mean, Mark, one on uncoated freesheet. So just as part of your decision to convert No. 3, how are you thinking about demand trends and that business this year and longer term? Do you expect any rebound this year or thereafter? And relatedly, how did that affect your conversations with your large customers communicating this decision on your part? And did they express any concerns about supply as a consequence?
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding the first part of the question, until again, if you think about the biggest demand for cut size paper would be office activity in schools, business activity. Until, again, at such time as businesses resume more of a normal pattern of in-office activity, you won't see cup size demand pickup dramatically. As schools come back and go back to a more normalized, school day function, more cut size use will take place in schools. So I would expect starting in the fall semester for the new school year that more demand will take place. I can't quantify that for you. I would just say that it should move up positively. We do think ultimately there the pandemic has created a new opportunity for people that they'll work from home, they'll work part days. I mean, people that are in the business world are obviously trying to understand how we will all run our businesses in the future, and whether we'll have people in the office full-time, part-time, flex-time. And so paper demand will go along with that. We are anticipating that there will be some permanent demand destruction that comes out of the pandemic. We also understand that because of our demand for containerboard and the opportunity we had with Jackson, that as we've always looked at the paper business, that it was the right decision to make for all the reasons we've talked about over the last six months to utilize the asset and exit someone of this market. And regarding our customers, I'll answer that question by just saying we are running to the demand of our customers large and small, and I'll leave it at that.
Adam Josephson: Thanks so much, Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Hopefully you can hear me this time.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Connelly: Great, thanks. Sorry about that. So just a question about maintenance and the changes you made. Some competitors are telling us that it's gotten harder to estimate the cost of maintenance because of changes the way projects are being scheduled. Is that a factor or is this just a change in your plans?
Mark Kowlzan: The increase in cost is related. It goes back to – we actually added the DeRidder No. 3 machine to this second quarter’s outage plan that was not in the original plan. And so it's not an escalation or an inflationary matter. It's just that we absolutely added an additional outage into this year's plan that did not exist in January. And the DeRidder No. 3 machine work came about during the pandemic year, last year, a lot of work. We avoided some work. We pushed off some work, some work we thought we could get by not having to do even this year. But as January and February wore on, as an example, we observed some opportunity, shall we say, on the DeRidder No. 3 machine that we felt needed to be addressed, and we have the resources and the materials available. So we went ahead and took the machine down for the better part of a week, last week, as a matter of fact, and addressed the opportunities and the requirements on that machine and put it in good shape, and so that machine has gone through its outage. But that would be the qualifying difference in the number that Bob's going to talk to you about. Bob, you want to add a little color to the number? Okay. Anything else?
Mark Connelly: That's super. So just one question on the headwinds. Obviously, last quarter headwinds were more of an overall challenge than they were this quarter and yet you've got some headwinds that got worse. I was hoping you could put some of these headwinds in context for us and tell us, which are still getting worse and where you're getting some relief.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, this is Bob. It's sort of, as I think we said in our prepared remarks, the headwinds continued pretty much as we look from first quarter, the second quarter, we expect them to continue in almost all cost areas except maybe energy as we said. And that's really because of improved usage, not so much from prices getting – going lower. But in recycled fiber, even certain chemicals, repairs, materials, outside services, I mean, you name it, they all have converting costs. They all have an inflationary component that we see continuing into the second quarter. That – and of course, freight. Freight is another one that is not that just for all the reasons that Mark had mentioned earlier, there are several things driving it, but that is not going to slow down at all as we go to the – from the first to the second. So it's pretty much across the board.
Mark Connelly: It's very helpful, unfortunately. Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tom, Bob, good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: You mentioned the heavy maintenance quarter, this period and obviously ended the March quarter with pretty low inventories. I appreciate its volume dependent, but as it sits today, assuming I guess some persistence on the demand side, would you say it probably wouldn't be until the end of the third quarter before you can kind of get your inventory position sort of normalized? And I'm somewhat asking, I mean, the best analogy I can come up with is sort of an accordion of cars going down the freeway. And we haven't had stock-outs in the grocery aisles, but it sounds like somebody – maybe some of your industrial customers are behind on their inventory/delivery. So I'm kind of curious just as you replenish inventories across the system that it could take even longer than what maybe some folks are anticipating?
Mark Kowlzan: You could look at it that way. Again, I would hope that we get our inventories in a more comfortable position by – say the end of the third quarter. But don't forget we also have a big outage in the fourth quarter at DeRidder, which we called out last year that is DeRidder number one machine, which is a long outage we've got a boiler work, we've got a lot of recovery boiler work we're doing and then the machine itself and opportunities on the machine. And so that will take a significant amount of tons out in the fourth quarter, that's part of the maintenance cost for the maintenance for the year, but also it impacts how we end the year. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: Gabe, we have a very, very intense and specific plan in place, understanding that our inventories are going to be extremely tight all the way through the year, given these outages that we have. If in fact the volume doesn't drop off dramatically. The volume drops off dramatically we've got a chance of catching up a little bit, but I think it's important to plan ahead and to plan for what you see as the realistic scenario. We're doing so, we have to do these outages, we have no choice, as you know the – not only ourselves, but some others in the industry avoided some outages last year. And we just have no choice, but doing them this year. And we'll manage through them and our customers understand, our box plants understand and we've got a great plan in place. So I'm very confident that we'll be able to manage through it, but it's going to be a while before we can catch up on those inventories.
Gabe Hajde: All right, thank you guys for the detail. I guess the second question again, appreciate you guys don't dictate what the publication does. But to the extent you can comment, were you surprised at all in terms of the phase sort of recognition on benchmark prices, and then more importantly I suspect that realization kind of, as you see it flow through your system would be kind of similar to the November hike in that, maybe limited impact in Q2, mostly realized by Q3 and then fully by Q4, is that a fair way to think about it or anything different that you’d guide us towards?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, you know, Gabe we don't comment much on our pricing, other than to say we have a very disciplined approach to the – to our price increase. Across the customer base that's 15,000 plus. We have a variety of contracts, agreements, et cetera, which roll-in typically over about a 90-day period. So you can – you know – what occurred for pulp and paper, I mean, I understand where it's somewhat where they're coming from, it's now fully in place. So I think you can kind of take that and take what I told you about the 90-day period and kind of roll that out. And that'll give you an indication of when that gets – when that price increase gets fully implemented.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey guys congratulations on another strong quarter. You know box demand was obviously really strong this year and it's been pretty impressive. Any color on the makeup of the end markets and if that profile in the growth side have changed much since perhaps the back half of last year versus how things are kind of shaping up this year?
Mark Kowlzan: I didn't know here the second half of the question. Phil, can you repeat that again?
Phil Ng: Yeah, I'm just trying to get a better feel for the end market profile growth that you're seeing versus second half of 2020 versus now. Is it more broad-based, were there any end markets that stood out this year versus let's say the second half of 2020?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think the number one market that probably stands out more so than any is e-com, but – it's an e-com is spread out along all sorts of product lines today and all sorts of different companies. So that's obviously one of the trends we talked about it last time that it's become apparent that the consumer preference for e-commerce has accelerated. We're seeing something that probably would have taken three to five years to take place. That's now compressed into six months or a year because of the pandemic, that's one of the drivers. But I got to tell you that, across the board, with this broad customer base of 15,000 plus customers with the exception of just a few small industries, it's incredibly busy and demand is very high. So it's – I'm very, very, very pleased with the trends we're seeing. And I think that's kind of an indicator of the potential going forward as well.
Phil Ng: But Tom, are you starting to see like an uptick, let's say in some of these manufacturing end markets that weren't as obvious last year, I'm just trying to get a feel to mix. I know the e-com piece is going to be strong, is it little more broad-based? And I mean – I assume it has to be just given how strong the demand is?
Tom Hassfurther: No, it’s – yeah, you're absolutely right. It is broad-based no question about it. It's broad-based and in fact, we've got customers who could be even busier if they could get – if they could get supplied with some of their products. They've got very tight supplies on their product as well of either ingredients or parts that go into their products. And otherwise they'd be even busier. So there's even a good backlog building.
Phil Ng: Got it. And then you mentioned earlier that inventory is going to be pretty tight throughout the year, is that going to be a governor in terms of your ability to kind of supply boxes to your customer or you have it in a pretty good spot in terms of being able to kind of supply that inventory?
Tom Hassfurther: No. When I talk about inventory is being tight, we won't have some of the comfort level that we might like to have, but we'll certainly have enough inventory to supply all of our customers with their needs.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And just one last quick one for me, appreciating Jackson is not fully ramped up and the capital's not in yet. Do you see from an operating cost standpoint, as you kind of continue to run this year, does that come down a little bit this year or is that going to be more of 2022 event once you have it fully ramping into that second phase?
Mark Kowlzan: As I said earlier, just in the last six months we've taken a significant amount of cost out and opportunities that were discovered on a daily basis and that will continue through the year. And I’d say we've learned a lot of things about the machine, but machine right from the get-go has been an extremely efficient, productive machine for us. And we've made hundreds and hundreds of changes in the process from the pulp mill and the liquor cycle, and wood yard, and on-and-on-and-on that have helped us take some costs out of the finished product. So we're very pleased with where we are today and we expect to continue that effort. And get the set up for the first major phase outage next year.
Phil Ng: Okay, super. Thank you guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Neel Kumar: I know you touched on increases in recycled fiber prices earlier, but I was just curious whether you've seen any inflation in your virgin fiber baskets. Are there any large differences in terms of those virgin fiber prices by region across your network mills?
Mark Kowlzan: That's been fairly flat, you see the weather related phenomenon that impacts pulpwood, but in general, it's up slightly, but nothing significant like some of the other factors that we've talked about again, it's primarily weather related events, not demand absolutely demand related.
Neel Kumar: Great. That's helpful. And then in Paper, can you just discuss what you're seeing in terms of demand trends so far in April? And how should we generally think about the flow through of the price increases for uncoated freesheet. Is there a lag similar to what we've seen in corrugated about a quarter or so?
Mark Kowlzan: No, I think again the – what was reported in the index Friday night, it pretty well sums it up in terms of how much of the price increase has been picked up and we would agree with what the index is saying with where we are with our cut size pricing and uncoated freesheet pricing. And then as far as again demand is, we gave you our absolute volume and where we are, but the price is moving up accordingly. And I think it's reflected well in what the index is reporting.
Neel Kumar: Got it. And my question on the uncoated freesheet pricing is actually more of when it flows through from the index to your customer pricing, is there a lag somewhere to what you've seen in corrugated?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. I mean, there's always little bit of a lag that takes place from the time you announce it. And then the time that the index actually calls it out and picks it up and your deliveries and your invoicing, and billing, et cetera.
Neel Kumar: Right. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: But it's – you're talking about – you're talking about a couple of months of a lag type activity. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Hey, regarding the increase in CapEx guidance for what you talked about in the previous quarter, is that all due to Jackson or are you pulling forward or accelerating any other kind of high return projects or any other areas that you'd call out? And then understanding you're not giving, poor guidance, but is there a way to think about what normalized CapEx for PCA would be when you get finished at Jackson?
Bob Mundy: The first part of your question is yes. Jackson is the primary mover. That's increasing the CapEx for the year. The second part of your question is, as far as what's normal in the new world, I can't answer that. We're always mindful of what opportunities we have. And we were very fortunate that a few years back we undertook a heavy reinvestment in the box plants and recapitalizing the opportunities in lot of our plants. And taking care of the mills in the manner that we do, so if you look at our capital effectiveness and the returns on our capital spending we're very pleased with the returns that we see. And so capital is a matter of affordability and opportunity, and obviously I don't ever see us not having opportunities and then it becomes a matter of affordability. And so I think that's the way you have to look at it. But we – for the most part, we always have a portfolio of opportunities identified in the box plants and the mills that we go after short-term and long-term, and that's what's giving us this opportunity to be able to take care of the volume growth that you are seeing.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. And then Tom, earlier you talked about raw material availability issues and I think you specifically called out adhesives and glue, understanding the cost headwinds are continuing into 2Q, in terms of outright shortages or just not being able to secure the raw materials. Has that gotten material materially better as some of these Gulf Coast plants have come back online or is that still a nagging issue and is it something that's, impacted sales or orders or any kind of – any kind of color you can give there?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Anthony, I think we're fortunate. We got ahead of this early in the equation, we took some measures to make sure that we would not be caught assured as maybe perhaps some others. We're still hearing from suppliers, some are saying that things should be back to a more normalized rate by the third quarter. Some others are saying, no maybe not so much, the plants – the chemical plants are back up, but some of these – some of the chemicals that they make that go into the adhesives are what I'd say less important to those chemical plants than other chemicals. So we're planning to do what we need to do throughout the year to make sure that we're taking care of and – we don't have any customers that don't have boxes because of adhesive, we'll be able to satisfy all those needs. But it's going to be – it's more costly to do it, there's no question about it. And I think we'll continue to have that headwind probably through the year. At least that's what we're planning on, but again we've got the contingency plans in place to take care of that.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I know you talked about recycled fiber costs in general increasing from these current levels, but could you provide a specific near term outlook and assumption for OCC going forward?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Kyle. Certainly expect them to move up in the second quarter and for the full year we usually don't go out that far, but they could be up – they could be up close to the 50% over last year's average something in that ballpark is what it seems like right now.
Kyle White: Got it. With the containerboard price increase in November, another recent one here in March and April, I assume it's expected to fully offset the increased inflation headwinds you're seeing or expect going forward. And do you think this new pricing level reflects how tight the market is?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, it's – I think the pricing is a reflection of the demand in the market for the product. And then obviously there are inflationary factors that weigh into a producer's position in how they have to operate, but demand is the overall driver of what's moving these two price increases.
Tom Hassfurther: And I'd also add that demand is up significantly worldwide, not this is just domestic this is around the world.
Kyle White: Got it. I'll turn it over and good luck in the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Cleve Rueckert with UBS.
Cleve Rueckert: Great. Thanks very much for taking the questions and there's two quick ones for me. I'm wondering if you can give maybe just a little clarity, I know Q1 was pretty dynamic with the weather and everything, but how did volumes trend in corrugated shipments on a per day basis versus that 8.3% that they grew for the quarter? I'm just wondering how the quarter developed from a demand perspective.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, January was obviously up, February slowed down a little bit and it was all weather related. And then March, it was incredibly high again because we were catching it, not only the demand in March, but also we were catching up some of what we did get shipped in February.
Cleve Rueckert: Okay. So would you – I mean, would you say demand was kind of flat around that and low in February and catch up in March?
Mark Kowlzan: Demand was – obviously was up significantly during the quarter and it was pretty much steady January, February, March. It's just that as our numbers would have been significantly higher for March because of the weather related issues down in Texas, as an example where we have a large footprint, we didn't get all the volume out the door in the month and it attracted over into end of the March. So I'm just kind of giving you a little flavor. January very strong, February would appear to be not quite as strong, but it still was very strong it just looked like it wasn't quite as strong because we didn't get the shipments and then March jumped up dramatically. But that was driven primarily by some of the shipments we didn't have in. We didn't get done in February. So overall, when I look back, I say the demand was – as we said, coming out of the fourth quarter with incredibly high demand, it remained essentially very close to that going through the entire first quarter. And now you're seeing same indication starting into the second quarter.
Cleve Rueckert: That's very clear, thanks for that color. And I know you touched on it a bit earlier, but I just – I want to ask a little bit more directly, given the tightness in the corrugated market. I mean, are you seeing any customers or maybe box buyers more generally, not specifically your customers switching away from paper-based packaging because they simply can't get enough?
Mark Kowlzan: No, it's quite the opposite to tell you the truth. Because of our sustainability story that we have in our business, because of the way we operate this business, the 90% plus of the boxes to get recycled, et cetera, people want to be in paper. They don't want to be in plastic anymore. So as an example, we've got some customers that have been shipping in plastic pouches their e-commerce and plastic pouches, and they want to move back to boxes. So there's – I mean, that's a huge segment that's going out in a plastic pouch as an example. So I think there are great opportunities going forward for paper-based packaging.
Cleve Rueckert: That's it for me. Thank you very much for the questions. Appreciate it.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no further questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Everyone, thank you for joining us and I look forward to talking with you in July for the second quarter earnings call. Everyone, stay safe and be well. Talk to you in July. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Holly and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of Packaging Corporation of America and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results. And then turn the call over to Tom and Bob who’ll provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up and we’d be glad to take questions.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. As Mark mentioned, our corrugated products plants established new all time quarterly records for total box shipments up 9.9% compared to last year’s fourth quarter, as well as shipments per day up 11.7% compared to last year. Set another way, although there were three less shipping days this quarter compared to the third quarter, our total fourth quarter shipments exceeded the third quarter by 2.2%. For the full year annual corrugated shipment records were set as well, both in total and per day up 5.8% and 5.4% respectively, with one more shipping day compared to 2019. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 16,000 tons below last year’s fourth quarter, as we ran our containerboard system to supply the record needs of our box plants. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.31 per share lower than the fourth quarter of 2019 and down $0.11 per share versus the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to a less rich mix as the graphics and point of purchase display business, as well as the produce business in the Pacific Northwest tails off during this period. Export containerboard prices were a $0.01 per share above both the fourth quarter of 2019, as well as the third quarter of 2020. As expected late in the quarter, we began to see the initial benefit of our recently announced Packaging segment price increases, while we don’t comment on forward pricing specifics; we would expect to realize the vast majority of the increases during the first quarter of 2021.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $10 million with sales of $156 million or 6% margin compared to fourth quarter 2019 EBITDA of $53 million in sales of $244 million or a 22% margin. For the full year 2020, Paper segment EBITDA excluding special items was $73 million with sales of $675 million or an 11% margin compared to the full year 2019 EBITDA of $213 million with sales of $964 million or a 22% margin. Market conditions in the Paper segment continued to be challenged due to the nationwide responses to help control the spread of the pandemic, as expected sales volume was below seasonally stronger third quarter levels, and over 30% below the fourth quarter of 2019. As mentioned previously, with the scheduled outage at our International Falls mill, the Jackson mill was restarted on white paper in October and produced both paper and containerboard during the fourth quarter. We’ll continue to assess our outlook for paper demand in optimal inventory levels, and we’ll run our paper system accordingly. Average paper prices and mix were 1% below the third quarter of 2020, and approximately 3% below the fourth quarter of 2019. I’ll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. For the fourth quarter, we generated cash from operations of $271 million and free cash flow of $103 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $168 million; common stock dividends totaled $75 million, $51 million for federal and state income tax payments, and net interest payments of $40 million. We ended the year with $975 million of cash on hand, or just over $1.1 billion including marketable securities. Our liquidity at December 31 was just under $1.5 billion. For the full year 2020, cash from operations was $1.03 billion. We had capital spending of $421 million. Free cash flow was $612 million. Our final recurring effective tax rate for 2020 was 25%. And our final report at cash tax rate was 18%. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be between $500 million to $525 million, which excludes any potential capital spending related to the Jackson conversion, since that is still being evaluated, as Mark indicated earlier. DD&A is expected to be approximately $407 million. Pension and post-retirement benefit expense of approximately $2 million, which is net of a non-operating pension benefit of almost $20 million primarily due to our pension asset performance in 2020. We also expect to make cash pension and post-retirement benefit plan contributions of $52 million. Based on the recent 27% increase to our dividend, we expect dividend payments for the year of $380 million. Our full year interest expense in 2021 is expected to be approximately $95 million and net cash interest payments should be about $93 million.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. As they have done throughout this pandemic, our employees demonstrated tremendous resiliency to overcome adversity, in both their personal and work lives, to deliver significant accomplishments throughout the company. Not the least of which was running our manufacturing and office locations safely during these times of constant change and distraction. Without question we experienced difficulties and unique challenges during the year; however, our employees never lost their resolve to succeed. Our manufacturing and sales organizations continue to successfully adapt to the needs of our customers during this period of unprecedented demand in our packaging business and also effectively manage the market challenges in our paper business brought on by the pandemic, as well as working through the impact of multiple hurricanes. Our engineering and technology organization has stayed on track with the key capital projects and process improvements for our box plants and mills. And our corporate staff groups found innovative solutions for remote working conditions to ensure we continue to manage the company effectively, as well as perform all of the necessary administrative activities that are necessary for our employees or are required as a public company. I am very proud of our accomplishments and the strong partnerships we have built with our customers and suppliers over many years. Looking ahead as we move from the fourth and into the first quarter, our Packaging segment demand should remain strong, with shipments exceeding those of last year’s record first quarter. This will require us to continue producing containerboard at our Jackson Mill in addition to an appropriate amount of white paper to maintain optimal inventory levels for servicing the paper customers.
Operator: Thank you.  And our first question is going to come from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Good morning. Hope you’re doing well. Thanks for taking my question. I guess the first question I had regarding Jackson Mill and the containerboard that you produced in the fourth quarter, I was wondering if you could give us any kind of additional qualitative or quantitative commentary on the effect in the quarter in terms of additional costs? I know, it’s might be sensitive, but thought you be able to cover at least a little bit of additional detail there?
Mark Kowlzan: We’re not going to give the exact costs. We called it out, as very high cost production. As you could imagine, without spending the capital on the mill that you would normally spend on a conversion that would help you with the pulpy yield as an example, and various features on the paper machine to improve drawing capability. You’re limited in productivity and also again, fiber yield. So the costs obviously are the highest in our systems, but nevertheless, the machine exceeded our expectations in terms of its productivity. And we were extremely pleased during the quarter. The machine accomplished what we needed and that was providing our box plant system they needed tons to continue supplying the box demand for the quarter and try to build a little inventory. Again, we’re extremely pleased, the effort also enabled us to fully understand what we believed would be inappropriate phased approach to consider a conversion of the mill to containerboard. In much of the same way, we looked at DeRidder mill and the Wallula mill. So we’ll be going forward with a discussion with the Board of Directors in February on our different options and alternatives on how we want to approach that. But we’re very pleased. Again, the machine has performed quite well. And as I also called out in October, that machine is just an outstanding paper machine and the mill itself has a lot of great opportunity to go forward. Bob, you want to add anything?
Bob Mundy: No. I’d just say, George that from – bringing I guess some of the write-ups that have come out last night and so forth. But the impact from Jackson was probably what drove that difference that that people were noticing in the fourth quarter relative to the cost side on the packaging segment.
George Staphos: Right. That makes sense. Next question, I want to hit on, is on costs, to the extent you can give us a little bit of additional directional guidance. And then my last question will be on kind of what volume you’re seeing early in the quarter? So on the items that you could perhaps have some line of sight on, and if we compare it to the year-on-year impact in the fourth quarter, what would you say, well, we have maintenance outages, but on freight and on energy and any other costs that you again could talk to, should be as direction versus the fourth quarter year-on-year change, when we look at first quarter. So that’s question number one. And question number two, Tom, if you can talk about your early shipments and bookings. That would be great. Thank you, guys.
Bob Mundy: Yes, George, I’d say that, just as we look from the fourth to the first similar to the comments that Mark made, freight costs, we expect those to stay high and actually move up a bit more. And as well as OCC costs, recycled fiber prices are moving up. Certainly, as we reset a new year, our fringes and benefits on our labor costs, as well as any increases in wage rates, that will be an impact as we move from the fourth to the first. And then also on a lot of outside services and materials supplies things of that nature, as a headwind as well. But to your point, outages – maintenance outages will be favorable moving as we move into the first quarter. Of course, the benefits will be on the – as Tom mentioned, the price realization that we’ve got a small piece of that in the fourth, but we expect the vast majority to come in the first quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: And George, this is Tom, I’ll comment on the volumes. It remains incredibly strong through 16 days, our billings are up just slightly over 10% and our bookings are well north of that. So business remains very robust. I’ll also just add on the cost side with this dramatic increase in volumes and shuffling business between plants and having plants cover for each other and things like that, that obviously drives our costs up as well, especially in area freight.
George Staphos: Understood. Thank you, guys. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good Morning, Mark. Good morning, Tom. Good morning, Bob. I wondered, Mark, just on Jackson, two questions. First, can you give us some sense of differences between what you might have to do at Jackson versus what you did at DeRidder and Wallula? And then maybe some sense of what other options might be out there for you beyond Jackson?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. As you could imagine, let’s go back to things we’ve said for years and years, you can convert any mill to make anything depending on how much capital you’re willing to spend on that conversion. That being said, if you look at a mill like DeRidder and mill like Wallula, they’re all unique. They have their strengths and weaknesses that you have to address with capital, Jackson’s no different. What you would be typically looking at is, in the pulp mill, hot stock refining, defiberizing, various pumping capabilities that would allow you to raise cap on the paper machine itself with stock approach, additional refining capabilities, and just mass throughput capabilities with the running containable versus a lightweight fiber. So then you’re looking at head box dynamics drainage formation in terms of the former, and then pressing and drying, and then winder modifications and roll handling. So there’s a comprehensive checklist that you have to go through in doing your analysis, but those are the type of things you would look at. And that those are the items that we’ve now have, a really good understanding of the capability and the limitations, so it’s helped us refine our expected scope. But nevertheless, you’re talking about a project at a minimum that’s in the hundreds of millions of dollars to convert Jackson mill and do it the way PCA would do a conversion. But it would be a good project. And so we have other alternatives, obviously, we’re looking at. I don’t want to get into those. You can imagine, they include everything from further investments and existing assets to looking at other mills in mill opportunities. So that hasn’t changed for years now. So again, that discussion will be a discussion we have with the board in February.
Mark Wilde: Okay, Mark. Just if I could uncheck them, that’s a newer machine than either DeRidder or Wallula has, if I’m not wrong. And then also, would there be an option to actually do something a little different at Jackson, like make white top, I don’t think you produce any white top. The market seems to be moving in that direction.
Mark Kowlzan: The machine has the potential to do that. The machine is an extremely modern machine, approximately 1990 vintage machine. It was one of the last big machines built during that period of time, 385-inch wide, high-speed. We taking care of it, as you can imagine, it’s a really great asset. And that being said, we understand what we would do as it differs, it’s a much better quality machine than what we had at DeRidder and what we had at Wallula in terms of its capability. And so it does provide us a long-term opportunity. Again, depending on the scope of work we choose to go forward with right now to become one of our premier machines in the future and also addressing the cost of the production. So we have that opportunity to spend capital and then as we’ve done at DeRidder and Wallula provide the necessary containerboard into our box plant system as needed.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then just finally, Mark with OCC going up, can you just remind us, if we factor in that OCC stuff from out of Wallula, what’s your net purchase of OCC? If we kind of – as we exclude the stuff you transfer from your own box plants, how much OCC are you buying right now on the open market on an annual basis?
Mark Kowlzan: I mean, I can’t give you that right now. We’ll have to get back to the after the call, but we’re probably net-net around 15% of our total fiber base into our mills.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That’s helpful. I’ll turn it off.
Tom Hassfurther: I do want to throw a tonnage purchase number at you and we’ll get that exact number when we talk with you later. We’re somewhere around 15% of total furnish – fiber furnish.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Mark, we’re hearing from a range of companies outside of this industry about operating in logistics problems, really not transportation that are making running full and delivering on time more challenging, especially in the Midwest. I’m curious if you’re seeing that from your customer base yet most of those comments started to happen in mid-November. And so I wonder if the impact is really more whole 1Q thing.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, as the positivity rate in the COVID pandemic during that holiday period of November and December was spiking throughout various regions. And the demand was at all time records from the containerboard mills to the box plants, to the box customers. You can only imagine that when you’re a carrier, whether it’s a trucking carrier or a rail carrier, and you now have this unprecedented demand along with your workforce that is being challenged with this pandemic. A direct example of that is, at any given time during those few months, we had upwards of a 100 people in our mill system that were out either quarantining or positive, and then same thing in the box plans. So it was a challenge and we saw that through the logistics chain on how our customers were dealing with this and how our carriers we’re dealing with this, and their own workforce capability. And so it was the human factor and the rolling stock factor in terms of trucks and rail in order to move the goods, like say, to meet the unprecedented demand. And as Tom said, in many cases, we were moving product from plant to plant and plants were cooperating with one another. So it was a very challenging time in that regard.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And Mark, you’ve said in the past that you might have as many as a dozen box plant debottlenecking or other projects going on at any one time. I’m curious whether you’ve shifted that sort of pace and resources whether it’s shifted either in the amount of effort or whether you’re shifting your priorities to move closer to e-commerce or some other part of your customer base, has there been a meaningful change in the way you’re approaching box plant capacity?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, I’ll let you go ahead and talk about that.
Tom Hassfurther: No. We’ve continue to do our projects on schedule, on time for the most part, providing our suppliers can give us what we need. We’ve got a great technology and engineering group that we’re executing at a very high level. And obviously, we’ve talked many, many times about the fact that we build our business around our customers and their demands, and we’ll continue to do so Mark.
Mark Connelly: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I was hoping to get more color on the recent demand strengthened and by category or by the drivers, as you are seeing them. And then we’d also love to get your thoughts on what happens to demand, how sustainable it is when the economy eventually reopened more fully?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. I’ll handle that. Our demand strength is basically across all segments with the exception of food service. Obviously, it no surprise e-commerce is growing at a faster rate than those other segments, but they’re all in growth mode, which is great, which also, I think signals very clearly that this demand is strong across the board and sustainable going forward. I would contend that a lot of purchasing habits have changed probably accelerated by five years or more. And those are expected to remain the same. We’re also seeing obviously the big trends in people moving away from cities, buying homes, when you buy homes, there’s a lot of things that go into those homes that are associated with corrugated boxes. And then addition, you’ve got this trend moving away from plastics into paper-related products, which is also very positive going forward. So the demand strength, is it sustainable? I’d say absolutely, yes.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And maybe can give us a sense as to how much growth you’re seeing for instance in e-commerce and how you define as…
Tom Hassfurther: Well, we don’t typically share our numbers per segment, but as I said, it’s been – it’s obviously significant and it’s higher than the other segments. But again, all those segments are growing, and of course, we expect food service to come back as well and is already beginning to as States began to open.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And we did – it seems like in the last couple of months, we’ve seen even a new step-up from what was already stepped up. And again, just that was evenly broadly across everything. Or was it more specified to certain areas?
Tom Hassfurther: No, I’d say again, that is across the board and keep in mind also that we’re hearing from every one of our customers, their inventories are very low. They have not been able to replenish any inventory as a result of the strong demand on their side.
Mark Weintraub: And one last one, do you think even with this latest step-up in demand, they’re still not replenishing those inventories, or do you think that part of this 10% plus type of demand growth that we’re seeing might represent some replenishing at this point?
Tom Hassfurther: Some may represent replenishing, but we’re hearing from our customers, they’re still desperate to try to replenish any inventory. That’s all I can tell you at this stage.
Mark Weintraub: Super. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning everyone. One question on – just back to Jackson for a second, what would a conversion of the machine there do to your ability to service your large paper customers? And relatedly, what are your expectations for cut size demand this year? Obviously, the pandemic had a huge impact last year and will likely continue to for the next several months, I would imagine. So I’m just wondering what your outlook for paper demand and specifically cut size demand is just as we go into this year? And how that’s affecting your thought process about Jackson as well?
Mark Kowlzan: As you could imagine, the demand is still down at the levels we saw throughout last year. This first quarter is not much better than what we saw in the fourth quarter. I would expect as the economy finally recovers and you have workplaces starting to come to some new semblance of normalcy and schools fully opening up across the country all the way up to a higher education, that at some point over the next year. Demand will pick up to a new norm. I don’t really know what that new normal will be. I do have to believe that there has been now a permanent demand destruction of some number that people have learned working from home, how they do their business. And so Jackson currently affords us the opportunity to short-term, take advantage of the asset and make again, a high cost, very good quality containerboard. But at the same time, you would have to assume that our box demand grows and our paper demand destruction remains at a certain level, that it will be difficult to justify having a very large machine that only is able to fill its orders for a portion of the time in the future years. So we’re looking at that as an opportunity that we have a very strong need for the containerboard. And as we’ve always done, we have long-term filled those needs internally rather than go out to the outside market. And even if we want it to go to the outside market, now there are no tons to be purchased. And so we believe that Jackson ultimately will be a far better asset in the containerboard side of the business ultimately. What the timing is, I’m not sure. I’m just thinking over the next couple of years that timing will play out.
Adam Josephson: Yes. Sure. And as you’re thinking about the paper business again, longer term, I know it’s really difficult to make forecasts of anything these days, but there’s been some permanent destruction you think, do you think there’s a reason to expect a rebound in cut size demand for the full year or next year? Or do you think that we’re just – we’ve established a new lower base. And hopefully, we hold this space and not go much lower than that.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I don’t know. I just – from my own personal observations and what we see around us, I would have to believe that even post pandemic, there will be some new lower demand efficiency that businesses and schools and individuals are learning to function with. And that will just continue to play out. So we’re in a position that we have the optionality on how we utilize assets. And we’re just going to play that optionality out. Again, it’s hard for me to, start giving you a numbers. There’s nothing I could base them on.
Adam Josephson: Sure, sure. And I fully understand. And just on OCC, your near-term outlook, how much inflation sequentially are you expecting? And I’m just asking in the context of ocean container availability being exceptional and limited, and presumably that having an impact on OCC export volumes, I’m just wondering, what’s driving your expectation of continued OCC inflation? How sustainable you think that’ll be and the magnitude of the inflation you’re expecting sequentially?
Bob Mundy: I’m sorry, sequential it’s probably $0.03 or $0.04 as we move into the first quarter, based on where we see prices going.
Adam Josephson: And just in terms of the drivers of that, just given the lack of availability of containers?
Bob Mundy: It’s just absolute demand. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I’ll add. Let me add a couple of things there, Adam. We’ve talked for a long time about the need for fiber around the world. And it took a while to digest China’s exclusion of OCC and moving to other fiber. And as you see, pulp is up dramatically and being shipped over there as well as linerboard being shipped directly over to China as an example. So, they’re just gaining their fiber in some other form, other than OCC. OCC has then found markets elsewhere around the world. The global outlook is very strong and we know it will continue to be so. So as we said, it found its bottom, it’s moved up dramatically from that point and we expect it’ll move up for – as well going forward as strictly just based on supply and demand.
Adam Josephson: Got it. Thanks a lot Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, Mark, Bob, Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: I think the CapEx figure at least relative to what I was expecting is a little bit higher. And I was just curious if there were any kind of discrete projects in there that you would like to call out for us. I recognize that there’s probably some either preparation work or ongoing maybe projects at Jackson to continue producing containerboard or swinging between the two grades. But I’m more thinking down on the converting operations. And then there was that DeRidder project that you guys had kind of pushed out. So if there’s anything you can call it for us, that’d be helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: There’s nothing significance in terms of anything unique right now, besides we’ve gotten dozens and dozens of great projects that we’re working on in the box plants. We’ve got projects that we’re addressing in the mills that will address cost and efficiencies. And so it’s just an entire category and host of projects – numerous projects in our box plant system that the group is working on. But it’s no one big, it’s not like building a new Richland box plant that’s taking up the bulk of the capitals, dozens and dozens of – in many cases, new converting equipment installations, modifications. Again, mill equipment installations that will address some opportunities we have. So it’s – which is the good news. These are low risk, high return, quick return type opportunities that we’re addressing. Again, we’re – things that we’re good at doing.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you, Mark. So to be clear, there’s nothing in there for a potential Jackson conversion?
Mark Kowlzan: Not at this time.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then maybe Tom, I know it’s difficult sometimes to speak to the competitive landscape. But given what we read on the outside world in terms of new capacity coming in. Are there particular grades or end markets where customers are saying, hey, we’d like you to add capabilities here because you don’t necessarily have it and maybe that’s a competitive threat and maybe that plays into what some of Mark’s talking about in terms of new converting capabilities. I’m just trying to understand where you guys are best positioned, I guess.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, let me kind of start at the beginning a little bit here, Gabe. You might ask, you might start with the question of, again, why Jackson and what we’re doing at Jackson? And as we alluded to earlier, the fact is I can’t buy any tons in the open market. We have a great volume demand. We have great need, if anything, our customers are concerned that we have enough supply, even as an industry. So consequently, we were fortunate to be able to have this great asset as Mark alluded to that’s not going to produce at its normal rate because of the destruction of demand in the white business. And we were able to convert it, and yes, it’s at a high cost, but great quality. It kept us going, it gave us the ability to grow, gave us the ability to satisfy our customers and was incredibly integral to our ability to continue this growth trend. Now when it comes to white and some other things, we have trade agreements, we’ve got some other arrangements where we’re in good shape there. So we’re not really that concerned about that. But – again, what you see, and I think it’s important to point out that what’s going on – what we observe at least in the marketplace and our inability to buy any additional tons, we would have only bought those for a short period of time anyway, because we intend to be fully integrated and supply our own tons. And I would assume others might think the same way. But it’s important to note that some of these projects that are continually mentioned out there that are the one-offs, somebody’s going to put a mill in with no downstream cut-up very difficult to do. I don’t know where they get the customer base. Again, I can only speak for ourselves. We’re going to supply ourselves. We’re not buyers in the open market. So I’m not – we have to take care of ourselves, I guess that’s the point. And you see very few of these one-offs ever come off. I can name one that did, and it’s now shutdown. So I’m not really concerned about that. We have to take care of ourselves and we have to figure out our own supply.
Gabe Hajde: Very much appreciated.
Bob Mundy: Hopefully that gives you an answer that you can digest.
Gabe Hajde: It does. Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: All right. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Neel Kumar, Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: Hi. Good morning. In terms of freight, you mentioned that you made $0.07 headwind for you year-over-year. And your expectation of it stain pretty elevated. Just, can you give us a sense of the magnitude inflation you’re seeing in freight rates year-over-year? Is it in the low double digit percent level? And then if you just remind us how your freight expenses is split between trucking versus rail.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Neel, I’d say it’s – the year-over-year increase in our costs, as we look out 2021 versus 2020 is I wouldn’t – right now, I don’t think it’s that high. It’s certainly the higher single digits as a percent, but not into the double digit, so at least not what we see right now. And our split as far as rail versus truck, roughly 70% the cost, 70% rail, 30% truck, but obviously, box plants typically use trucks to deliver their products and mills are using rail. But that’s sort of the breakdown of the cost.
Tom Hassfurther: Hey, Neel, it’s Tom. I’d also add that we are a little bit concerned about rail costs going up, going forward as a result of this new administration’s taken out the pipeline and being less interested in, in piping oil which could lead back to the shortage of boxcars that we had at one time when the rail cars – when the rail industry all went to shipping oil.
Mark Kowlzan: Land congestion, yes.
Neel Kumar: Great. That’s very helpful. And then I just had a couple of questions on the scope of M&A opportunities you would consider just given that your balance sheet offers you a lot of optionality. Are you largely interested in small bolt-ons of box plants, or would you be open to something larger? And is there a specific size cut-off? And just given your track record in pursuing paper conversions, the containerboard, would you consider opportunities to acquire paper mills for conversion opportunity? Or do you see too many unknown variables in doing that?
Mark Kowlzan: As far as M&A activity, as we’ve always done, we look at all opportunities, bolt-on small acquisition, as well as larger opportunities are always considered and looked at as far as any other opportunities. Again, it just depends on the specifics that you would always have to consider if you were talking about spending x dollars to convert current asset, as opposed to being able to buy a mill asset from somebody. And what’s the differential in the ultimate total investment. So that’s always a consideration. So I would say that all of the above are always on the table to evaluate and consider.
Neel Kumar: All right. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. In white paper with the 30% sequential decline in shipments, you obviously had the conversion at Jackson and the outage at I Falls. I think you referenced weaker market demand as well. I’m just wondering of those lower white paper volumes, how much was sort of planned and expected versus maybe unexpected market weakness? Or sort of how did volumes hold up versus maybe what you expected going into the quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Rounding off, when the pandemic started in the March-April period, when we saw the massive decline, we’re down say, on average 30% of the year. And that’s what we saw going through the December period. And even as we look at the first quarter now, we’re probably in that 25% to 30% demand destruction in terms of our business from where it was a year ago. It’s not declining further, but it’s not getting better in any significant manner.
Bob Mundy: Yes. Anthony, I’ll just add relative to the quarter. One thing to keep in mind as far as the results in the Paper segment, the volumes were about where we thought they would be. But one of the things that impacted paper was our outage costs that we had for the quarter, there’s like $0.10 negative impact year-over-year in paper, packaging not – it was actually a slight positive, I believe. But that was a big hit on our paper results in the fourth quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then Bob, is it possible to quantify or put a finer point on the level of wage inflation and timing increases for fringes of benefits that you see step up in the New Year either on a percentage basis or maybe sort of relative to what you saw last year?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, right now it’s in that 3% to 4% range is what we’re seeing. And that’s coming off of actually as Tom, I think alluded to, especially in the fourth quarter, our labor costs just to run – to get the volume out of our box plants, converting costs and so forth. We had to pay a lot of overtime and we were running really, really hard. And so, our wages and what have you in the fourth quarter were high, and they’d been in the high – they’ve been like that pretty much the most of the year to meet the demand. So those percentages I’m giving you are off a year that has had very high labor cost to begin with.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then just one final one, if I could. I think your participation in the export market is very small. Now with Jackson, assuming you pursue a larger conversion and understanding this is potentially far off. Is that mill close enough to the Gulf Coast that you could potentially export if you needed to as a safety valve? Or is that something that’s not possible? Just kind of wondering down the road on exports out of Jackson?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer it this way. If I were to invest to convert Jackson, I would not be considering an export opportunity in the savings calculus. A conversion at Jackson would be fully to supply our own needs. And that is how we would look at a conversion. We have no desire to build capacity and then we’ll have to move it off shore, our own capacity, we’ll move through our own box plant system.
Anthony Pettinari: Understood. That makes sense. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Hey, good morning. Hope everyone’s doing well. Thanks for taking the questions. Most of the outages are weighted to the fourth quarter of this year. And just curious if we should kind of read into this at all in terms of how you anticipate demand playing out for the year. Do you anticipate Q4 kind of getting back to those normalized levels, which allows you to have a higher outage this quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I’ll let Bob finish this up, but if you – one of the big factors this year we have the outage that we had planned at the DeRidder mill that was originally going to be executed in the fall of 2020. We postponed that because originally to be considered in the spring and then we pushed it off. But because of demand, we’ve now moved that work plus the annual work into the fourth quarter of this year. So the work that will be done at DeRidder will be the normal annual work that has to be done along with the discretionary opportunity work that we have on the recovery boiler the number one machine. And so that’s why – that’s just one factor in why the fourth quarter number is higher. Bob, you want to add some color to that?
Bob Mundy: No, just perfect.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay.
Kyle White: Got it. That was going to be my follow-up on DeRidder, I wasn’t curious. But I’m curious kind of just following up on this in terms of your visibility on demand and what kind of confidence that you have that this demand that we’re seeing right now is sustainable. Obviously backlogs are up and customers need to restore their inventories at some point. But from an underlying demand standpoint, what kind of confidence and visibility do you have there for the backdrop of this year?
Tom Hassfurther: I can’t, it’s hard to predict what the back half of this year is going to be Kyle, but I would just say that our demand levels will be higher for sure than they were in 2020 throughout the entire year. And we’re starting out incredibly strong and we’re not waiting any mill outage based on suppose the demand being less than the fourth quarter than it is in the first quarter. It’s very hard to predict. But everything I’m hearing and all the indicators we get from our customers and the various segments, it’s going to be very strong all year.
Kyle White: All right. Perfect. Thank you. Good luck.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Kyle. Holly, any other questions?
Operator: We do.  And our next question is going to come from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, good morning, everyone. Sorry. I got cut off a little bit. So if I’m repeating this question, I apologize in advance. Demand obviously very, very strong, just curious how extended are your backlogs at this point? And do you expect inventory to improve sequentially and being able to better service all of your customers in the first quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: We’re not going to – we don’t get into backlogs. Most of our orders on a very short lead time and we’re able to meet those demands at the moment. We’re very fortunate because we made some significant investments throughout the years. We’ve been very consistent doing that and it allowed us to respond accordingly to this demand. And as I said before, it’s going to remain strong and I feel very confident. We’re going to be able to meet all the requirements of our customers.
Philip Ng: That’s helpful color. And as the vaccination process ramps up, is that an opportunity for you guys and do you have any exposure on that front?
Mark Kowlzan: In what terms? Is it box supply or…
Philip Ng: I would assume that if there is lot of vaccines being transported through the country, there might be…
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. So we’re participating in this and proud to do so. It’s very important that we get – that these vaccines get out and proud to be a part of the packaging side of distributing those vaccines.
Philip Ng: And do you envision that being a pretty meaningful contributor? Or just part of the ongoing growth story?
Tom Hassfurther: Not just the part of the ongoing, it’s part of the ongoing, and it’s going to have a start and then an end eventually. But it’s one of those areas where we take great pride in being able to contribute to hopefully putting an end to this pandemic.
Philip Ng: Got it. That’s helpful. Just one last question. Your largest customer in paper could be merging with the competitor. Is there a change of control provision in your supply agreement? Any color would be really helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: I know the contract runs through next year, and so I don’t know the details in that regard. I would doubt there is a change of control clause. We can check on that and get back with you. But we’re good through the end of next year.
Philip Ng: Okay. That’s helpful. And just one last one, and if you’re able to share any color. You mentioned Mark that, if you do ramp up Jackson’s probably more of a phased approach. And with that process, would you be able to continue to produce board and could that help your cost profile throughout the year? Thanks a lot and good luck on the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, right now, with what we’re producing, we have a home for all of these tons in our own system. Now, the bigger opportunity with the capital investment at Jackson over the next say 24 months would be to address not only additional incremental productivity off the asset, but also a major cost reduction from the asset. So in that regard, we will continue to run to demand, if demand dictated that containerboard was not needed and paper was needed for the time being, we could make paper. So we haven’t eliminated the capability of making paper on the machine at this time. It’s just that the overwhelming demand for containerboard far outweighs the opportunities for paper.
Philip Ng: Got it. Super helpful, guys. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Any other questions please?
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question and that’ll come from the line of Mark Wilde, Bank of Montreal.
Mark Kowlzan: Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Wilde: A quick follow-up for Tom. Tom, there were a couple of foreign players that put a lot of capacity into Central Indiana. I know that’s not too far from where TimBar was headquartered. Can you just talk about sort of any impact you might be feeling from all of that new converting capacity?
Tom Hassfurther: I would just say Mark, we’ve had zero impact from that capacity.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That’s helpful.
Tom Hassfurther: I can only speak for us. Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: Good deal. All right. Operator, I think we’re about out of time.
Operator: Yep. Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today and stay well, be safe and look forward to talking with you in the April call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, we’d like to thank you for joining today’s Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready. 
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.
 I'll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results, and then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. And then I'll wrap things up, and we'd be glad to take questions.
 Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $139 million or $1.46 per share. Excluding special items, third quarter 2020 net income was $149 million or $1.57 per share compared to the third quarter 2019 net income of $182 million or $1.92 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.69 billion in 2020 and $1.75 billion in 2019.
 Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding special items, was $323 million in 2020 and $364 million in 2019. Third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.11 per share related primarily to the impact of Hurricane Laura on our DeRidder Mill during the months of August and September. Bob will discuss that in more detail in a few minutes. Details of all the special items for the third quarter of 2020 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. 
 Excluding the special items, the $0.35 per share decrease in third quarter 2020 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2019 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our Packaging segment of $0.36 and Paper segment, $0.07, lower volumes in our paper segment of $0.33 and higher scheduled maintenance outage costs $0.04 and higher freight expense, $0.02.
 These items were partially offset by higher volumes in our Packaging segment of $0.22, lower operating costs of $0.20, which were primarily from lower indirect costs at the idle Jackson Mill as well as lower indirect and fixed costs in our box plants.
 We also had lower converting costs of $0.04 and lower other costs of $0.01. Looking at our Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter of 2020 of $324 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $324 million and sales of $1.5 billion and also a 22% margin. In the Packaging segment, demand was very strong throughout the quarter.
 And we set new all-time quarterly records for total box shipments and shipments per day. Our flexible containerboard mill system was able to overcome the Hurricane Laura related downtime at our DeRidder Mill and avoid any disruptions to customers. The mill was able to mitigate a portion of the downtime by postponing a previously scheduled outage during the quarter and other productivity gains. However, this unplanned downtime, combined with the extremely strong demand, resulted in an inventory drop of 55,000 tons during the quarter or 58,000 tons below last year's level.
 As a result, our weeks of supply at the end of the quarter was at an all-time low. We've decided to postpone the large planned discretionary fourth quarter outage at the DeRidder Mill that we had discussed on the last earnings call, in order to enable us to build inventory ahead of next year's annual outage schedule and the expected continued strong demand we're seeing.
 The mills did a great job of managing through the hurricane-induced production challenges to supply the record-breaking needs of our box plants and the efficiencies and cost improvement at the plants continued throughout the quarter.
 I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, our corrugated products plants established new all-time quarterly records for total box shipments, up 6.4% compared to last year's third quarter as well as shipments per day, up 4.7% compared to last year. Through the first 3 quarters of 2020, our box shipment volume is up 4.4% in total and 3.3% on a per-day basis.
 Outside sales volume of containerboard was 28,000 tons below last year's third quarter as we ran our containerboard system to overcome the hurricane-related downtime at DeRidder and supply the record needs of our box plants. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.34 per share below the third quarter of 2019 and up $0.05 per share compared to the second quarter of 2020, primarily due to a favorable product and customer mix.
 Export containerboard prices were down $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019 and flat compared to the second quarter of 2020. Finally, we recently notified our containerboard customers of a $50 per ton price increase effective November 1. And in addition, we have also notified our box customers of a price increase. While we don't comment on forward pricing specifics, we would expect to realize some of the benefits of the increase during the fourth quarter, but the vast majority of the benefit would be expected in the first quarter of 2020. I'll now turn it back to Mark. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our paper segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter was $17 million with sales of $178 million or a 9% margin compared to the third quarter of 2019 EBITDA of $58 million and sales of $243 million or 24% margin.
 Average prices and mix were about 5% below the third quarter of 2019 and about 1% below the second quarter of 2020. Although our seasonally stronger third quarter cut size and printing and converting volumes were about 45% higher than the second quarter levels, they were well below last year's levels by almost 24%. We had our Jackson Mill down for the entire third quarter to help manage our supply to these lower demand levels. We restarted paper production at the mill in early October, partly as a result of our demand outlook relative to our inventory levels as well as the scheduled outage at our International Falls Mill earlier this month. We'll continue to assess our outlook for paper demand and we'll run on our system accordingly.
 I'll now turn it over to Bob. 
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. We had very good cash generation in the third quarter with cash provided by operations of $298 million and free cash flow of $196 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $102 million, common stock dividends totaled $75 million, pension payments of $71 million, $21 million for federal and state income tax payments and net interest payments of $7 million.
 We ended the quarter with $949 million of cash on hand or just under $1.1 billion, including marketable securities. Our liquidity at September 30 was just over $1.4 billion. Regarding Hurricane Laura-related costs and expenses at our DeRidder Mill, based on the way our insurance coverages work for named storms such as this. There are separate deductibles for property damage and the time element or business interruption aspects of our coverage.
 The costs incurred over the months of August and September did not meet the deductibles for either of these, so there will not be an insurance claim filed for these damages and downtime, which together totaled just under $10 million. Finally, as Mark indicated, because of our extremely low containerboard inventory and expected continued strong demand, we postponed a scheduled third quarter machine outage at DeRidder, and we will postpone the mill's large planned discretionary fourth quarter outage that we mentioned on last quarter's call.
 As a result, our planned outage expense for the third quarter came in $0.04 per share lower than what we last discussed. And a revised estimate for the fourth quarter is now expected to be $0.23 per share or $0.11 per share higher a than the third quarter.
 This would put us at $0.66 per share in total for the full year 2020. We are currently assessing when to reschedule these outages as well as  the entire planned outage schedule for 2021, and we'll communicate that to you in January as we normally do.
 I'll now turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. For 3 quarters now, our employees across the company ran their operations safely and in a cost-effective manner during the pandemic. They are doing an outstanding job in adhering to the processes and strict protocols we have instituted to help protect them and their families. What makes this even more remarkable is that our employees focus on these new work requirements is occurring while we are experiencing unprecedented demand within our packaging business, and they continue to successfully meet the expectations of our containerboard and box customers.
 Everyone has worked very hard to overcome the challenges and obstacles we face this year, and I couldn't be more proud of the entire organization as well as the strong partnerships we have with our customers and suppliers. Looking ahead, as we move from the third and into the fourth quarter in our Packaging segment, we expect corrugated products demand to remain strong. Although box shipments will be lower than the third quarter with 3 less shipping days, volumes should be higher than last year's record fourth quarter shipments. In early October, a second hurricane, Hurricane Delta, again, impacted operations at our DeRidder Mill by approximately 4 days and almost 8,000 tons, which further challenged our historically low inventory position.
 However, we expect higher containerboard production volume compared to the third quarter as we work towards building some inventory prior to year-end in preparation for the first quarter of 2021 scheduled maintenance outages and expected continued strong demand. As we mentioned on last quarter's call, the converted #3 machine at the Wallula Mill as well as the mill itself is currently running to its capacity. However, we do plan to get some additional volume during 2021 after we optimize the OCC plant capital project, we're currently finishing up and complete some reliability improvements.
 Therefore, to help bring our inventory back to an appropriate level by year-end, beginning in November, we will also be producing high-performance virgin linerboard on the #3 machine at our Jackson, Alabama Mill, in addition to any white paper needs. Most of you know, for some time that the Jackson mill has always been an option for us to address our strategic, integrated containerboard supply needs that's capable of providing the necessary runway to grow our downstream converting demand.
 We've done numerous studies and estimates over the last few years, and with the depressed demand in the uncoated free sheet market for Jackson products, our integration rate consistently in the upper 90s percent range, our historically low inventory levels, and limited outside availability of the types of containerboard we need to run the mix our box plants require, now is the perfect time to do some trial work and learn some things relative to the studies we have performed.
 We're confident, however, of our ability to produce high-quality virgin craft containerboard for use in our box plants during this period. The #3 machine at Jackson is a great, very versatile machine and the mill infrastructure itself allows us the necessary flexibility and optionality to react appropriately to our containerboard and white paper needs during these fluid and dynamic times.
 Obviously, to fully utilize the potential of the mill to produce containerboard at an optimal cost and quality, the future capital investments and process changes in a phased approach will be required, and we'll use this period to further refine our estimates and assumptions as well as our volume and capital spending plans for 2021.
 Continuing on, as Tom mentioned, we expect to begin realizing in the Pacific Northwest. As well as the display and high-end graphics business for the holiday period normally falls off during the quarter. In addition, we expect average export prices to move higher in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. In our Paper segment, although demand during this period is well below historical levels, as schools and businesses have reopened, to some extent, volume has improved since the low point reached during the second quarter.
 However, we believe our sales volume in the fourth quarter will be lower than the seasonally stronger third quarter although with the scheduled outage we had at our International Falls Mill earlier this month, our Jackson Mill was restarted on October 6. Beginning sometime in early November, the mill will be in a position to begin producing an appropriate amount of white paper to maintain the optimal inventory levels and service our customers require as well as begin the trials and production of containerboard that I just referred to.
 We also expect freight costs to be higher and with anticipated colder weather, energy costs should be higher as well. And finally, as Bob mentioned, scheduled maintenance outage cost should be about $0.11 per share higher than the third quarter. As certain areas of the economy continue to reopen, shelter-in-place and lockdown conditions are expected to continue changing across the country, especially considering the upcoming colder weather and holiday gatherings.
 There continues to be numerous events and actions that could impact our expectations for the upcoming quarter and the operation of not only our facilities but also adversely impacting the needs of our customers and the availability of services and products we rely on from our suppliers. As a result, we are still not able to appropriately quantify our guidance for the fourth quarter. And with that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involved inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual reports could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements.
 And with that, I'd like to open the call for questions. Go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 George Staphos with Bank of America. 
George Staphos: Mark, I was wondering if you could give us a bit more color on Jackson, recognizing it's a bit fluid. One, should we take away from this that you're still determining whether you will ultimately convert the third paper machine or PM3 at Jackson or you're going to keep this -- there's a chance that you could keep this as a flex machine that can run uncoated? 
Mark Kowlzan: I think as we look at the paper machine at Jackson and the mill in general, you have to keep in mind that for 8 years now, we've not only thought about this, but we've worked towards enhancing the capability of the mill and its flexibility. We would run the mill to supply both our white paper needs and our containerboard needs as such. We believe where we are currently, we're in a good place to do that. The costs that you talk about, it's truly the fact that we will have higher input costs in terms of production of containerboard on that machine. The mill obviously, is not fully configured as you would think about integrated containerboard mill to run high capa at the speeds to get the big tonnage out. But nevertheless we can produce a good quality sheet. And at the same time, maintain the flexibility of the mill to provide our paper customers what is required. And it gives us a chance to see what and how long this pandemic plays out. And then at the end of this pandemic, what the paper demand will ultimately look like. So it's an elegant way for us to understand the capability of Jackson long term, while at the same time, understanding how we need to supply our paper business short-term and long term. With that, Bob, do you have anything on the cost side? George, does that satisfy that? 
George Staphos: Yes, I guess. I mean, there's no way to quantify what the trialing and further understanding might cost you? Or given all the work you've done in the last 8 years, it wouldn't be worth calling out. 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, for anybody that knows us, you would have to believe we have done an awful lot of work with our annual maintenance work, with the annual upgrades that we do to bolster and beef up the capability of the infrastructure. That being said, we're -- we have a lot of knowledge in this arena. And as far as the cost, there should not be a great deal of cost in terms of the trialing. But again, I would expect us to be able to get on grade rather quickly and produce a very high-quality sheet, albeit at lower normal production rates than you would see at our conventional containerboard virgin mills. 
George Staphos: Okay. The next question is around the movement of the maintenance, the discretionary outage that you're planning for the fourth quarter. How that would likely come into results in 2021, I assume it would be in 2Q? And I know you didn't really want to guide too much for the fourth quarter or you don't want to quantify, but can you give us some of the larger buckets we should consider? I mean, you're starting at $1.57 entering the quarter from 3Q, the deferred outage based on your numbers in the past should add $0.30.
 Then you have seasonal factors and some of the other factors. Is there any way to quantify what some of those larger buckets would be or as we sit here, kind of a range between 2Q and 3Q seems reasonable, but any thoughts on that would be helpful. And then my last one would be any quick thoughts on how volumes are starting in the quarter. 
Robert Mundy: George, just looking at 3Q to 4Q and starting -- I'm not sure what you have in your model. But as we've said, the outages will be higher by $0.11 from third quarter. And we referred to freight costs. I think if you compare it to our -- the last 2 or 3 years relative to 3Q to 4Q, I would expect our freight cost to be higher than what it has been historically. Energy may be a little bit higher, where demand is in the Packaging segment, as we head into a holiday season, the overtime requirements because of the strong demand, labor benefits costs would be a little bit higher than normal.
 And as Mark referred to, it's running Jackson, running white and brown. And then as we do some of the work that we plan to do to improve the linerboard that we'll be running there, there will be some cost hiccups. So we certainly have something in there for that as we sort of do these -- do this work and make this linerboard in the fourth quarter that -- so you have some cost in some of the variable areas that you normally wouldn't see going from 3Q to 4Q. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please? 
Operator: Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. 
Mark Wilde: I wondered, Mark, if either you or Tom could just talk a little bit about what has changed so dramatically in the last 3 months on the demand side of the industry? I mean, if we go back to July, you talked in your second quarter release about running the demand. One of your bigger competitors took nearly 1 million ton mill in Oregon out in mid-July, extensively for kind of market downtime. And all of a sudden, we're in a situation where lots of people are saying, this is the tightest market in 25 years. So what's driving this from your perspective? Where is the incremental demand really coming from? 
Mark Kowlzan: I'm going to have Tom start that answer off by answering George's last question and then getting into yours, Tom, why don't you talk about the volume and then get that? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, first of all, Mark, let me just tell you, our volume through 16 days this month is trending up 15%. Did you hear that number? 15%... 
Mark Wilde: Yes, I heard that number. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. All right. Yes, because I have to remind myself of that number occasionally, trust me. 
Mark Wilde: Yes, you're not the only guys throwing that kind of number around, Tom. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Yes. And let me tell you something. When you dig in and you review the segments that are up, I mean, it's virtually every segment across the board is up significantly. Now you had -- as we talked about in the previous call, the foodservice side of the business was down dramatically. It was down almost 80% in some cases. And that's recovered quite a bit, but still not nearly where it was in the past. So we still have an opportunity there in that segment.
 Now if you look anecdotally and say, why is this demand like it is, I think one of the key elements to this is, is that you've got consumers that are not spending their discretionary monies on travel, entertainment, things like this, movies and all these other sorts of things, they traditionally would have and I think they're spending on a lot of products that actually come in boxes. And it's -- whether it's home improvement or whatever the case might be, then, of course, you've got that e-commerce segment, which is obviously up significantly as well. So that's the best description I can give you at this point in time. I really have no other explanation for it other than -- and I think you've also got a situation -- I'll just add that our customers tell us their inventory levels are desperately low as well. We're telling you the same thing about our containerboard. And they're looking to try to replenish that, and at the same time, trying to satisfy very, very strong demand. Hope that helps, Mark. 
Mark Wilde: Your backlog for a box customer look like right now? 
Thomas Hassfurther: I'm sorry, you didn't come through clearly. 
Mark Wilde: Yes. What would your backlogs for a box customer look like right now? In other words, somebody comes into you with new volume, how long is that going to take to fill? Because I've been hearing numbers out the kind of 3, 4, 5 weeks. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, yes, I mean, we're not -- we'll satisfy our customers based on what they need. I mean we've got a very, very flexible system that we've set up. And we don't really talk about ultra-long lead times or anything like that. But I can tell you that when you look out and you say, how far out is the demand and that sort of stuff, I mean, our trend going into November is much like what I'm talking about in terms of demand that we have in October.
 So -- and this of course ties in directly to the discussion we just had regarding the Jackson Mill. We can't buy any containerboard out in the open market, that's impossible to do. And this high demand level, this is the perfect time to trial Jackson and put some brown into our system. And I would also say, again, as Mark alluded to, we've planned this for a long time. We knew this day would come. And our track record demonstrates that PCA takes care of itself. And we we're committed to being fully integrated. And this is just yet another example, and we're not going to do it until the market demands it. 
Mark Wilde: Yes. Okay. Mark, for people who aren't familiar with that Jackson Mill, can you just help us? I think there are 2 machines. There is the #3, the machine that they put in, in the late '90s? Or is it the smaller machine down there? 
Mark Kowlzan: No, the number machine is the big machine from the 1990s. It's about 365 inches wide. It's a big, high speed, modern machine, lots of capability. Quite frankly, we've always spoken in terms of relative quality of machine. The machines at DeRidder were good machines, machine out of Wallula that we converted, the #3 was a better machine than what we converted at DeRidder. But quite frankly, this Jackson machine's a better machine than all of those put together. 
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just finally on Jackson. Would it be possible to think about kind of making that a white top mill over time? The market seems to be moving toward white top. I don't think you produce any right now. 
Mark Kowlzan: It has that capability if we determine that, that would -- made sense to us. Obviously, the machine that we're willing to think about it. White top, you would have to put a top sheet on with a mini fourdrinier. But in capital spending and upgrades to a machine that was going to be permanently converted in the future years, you would more than likely put many fourdrinier on that machine that can handle brown or a bleached fiber. And then the machine currently has a size press, so you wouldn't have to add a size press, so it just determines in terms of where we believe, where we need to take that mill and what's the demand look like. So there's lots and lots of opportunity.
 Next question, please? 
Operator: Mark Connelly with Stephens. 
Mark Connelly: Two questions. You obviously have a reputation for being service-intensive and flexible. But I'm curious, as this volume expands, is your mix moving away from value-add orders more towards regular orders? And do you see that as a permanent shift if it is happening? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark, I don't see that shift happening. As I mentioned before, I mean, virtually in every segment of our business, I mean, we're up significantly. So I think our customer base has remained very much the same. Obviously, we continue to grow our business and first of all, grow with our existing customers. But no, I think part of our service flexibility is a driver of our growth as well. So I don't see it changing significantly. 
Mark Connelly: Okay, super. And just one more question. You've talked about the dramatically increased flexibility of your newer machine at Wallula, at DeRidder. Is there a productivity lag that comes with that increased flexibility? Or do you get the flexibility without those lags? 
Mark Kowlzan: You pretty much get the flexibility without the lags. Next question, please? 
Operator: Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. 
Brian Maguire: Just a couple more just on the paper segment and Jackson in general. Just in the last couple of months when you weren't running Jackson and you were just running International Falls. Obviously, not probably the best environment for demand in paper. But just wondering if you were able to provide the variety of paper to your customers and service them and have you had any feedback from customers on the quality of the paper you were producing there versus what they were getting at Jackson? Any kind of issues with kind of eventually transitioning to just a 1 mill system in paper? 
Mark Kowlzan: No. Keep in mind, I Falls and Jackson have supplied the marketplace. With cut size as an example, we -- it's the same product. We also have the ability, and we've had that for years at eye falls on the smaller machine to produce color grades. And so we were producing a few of the color grades during this period of time, but also just running out of inventory. A little more pointedly to answer your question, I Falls ultimately has the ability to supply our current customer portfolio if, in fact, that's all that was required in terms of future demand destruction.
 But that remains to be determined where we end up with that. But I Falls is a very versatile capable mill. 
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then just -- I think this question has kind of been asked a little bit already, but just maybe more directly, is there a capacity number or tonnage you could estimate for how much linerboard you would be able to produce on the #3 machine if you decided to run it full out? I mean, I guess the trialing is part and parcel to that, but is there an expectation of what you might be able to get to, if all goes well? 
Mark Kowlzan: No. We'll update you in January. We have some numbers in the back of our mind that we think we're capable of, but I don't want to put that out until we prove it ourselves. And then as time goes on, you would have to imagine a mill the size of Jackson with the appropriate level of capital has a tremendous opportunity to supply just about anything that the Packaging side of the business needs for the foreseeable future. If growth demands that. So we've got lots of optionality in that regard, and we'll play it out that way. 
Brian Maguire: Okay. And just last one for me. Just with the really strong demand we're seeing and the need to kind of add a little bit more paper supply. How is the utilization at the box plant level going? Do you foresee having to add any more capacity to the box plants? Or is there enough -- should just be able to add shifts to existing operations to meet the demand? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Brian, this is Tom. Fortunately, we have consistently invested in our box plants over the years. Given how our customers drive our business. And so we're -- I mean we're stretched. There's no question. I mean we're incredibly busy. I mean, you don't just all of a sudden take these kind of surge demands and be able to roll it out. Again, I'll go back and I do want to mention that our employees have done an unbelievable job during this COVID pandemic as Mark mentioned earlier. And to be able to satisfy these kind of demand levels with this going on at the same time is just absolutely remarkable. We'll continue to invest. We're positioned to do so. We've got projects rolling on all the time. And of course, it's how we run our business. We run our business based on what our customers want, and that factors all the way back to the mill level. So you see that's why, again, as we mentioned, that it's so important that we get some output out of Jackson just to replenish some inventory and to keep our customers supplied with boxes. 
Operator: Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo. 
Gabe Hajde: The first one, I guess, with the delaying the optional, I guess, DeRidder work that you're looking to do, I'm assuming that goes into next year. Has anything changed on the CapEx side of the equation for this year since you're targeting $400 million? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, we're still right in that ballpark. 
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then as it relates to containerboard inventories, I mean, I think -- I don't know, by my math, maybe you have to restore 55,000 to 65,000 tons this quarter, and that would maybe aid in fixed overhead absorption by about $15 million. Is there -- I don't know, Bob, can you help us with that? 
Robert Mundy: No. I think you're right, Gabe, I think you're in the right ballpark, and that certainly will help in -- with our cost absorption in the quarter as we increase production to get our inventories up. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please? 
Operator: Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. 
Mark Weintraub: On Jackson understanding premature to give us where the mill gets to potentially. But obviously, you need paper now to the extent you can. Is there any color you can provide in terms of short-term capability? And I know if it's -- at the same time, in the past, you've talked about the ability to expand at Wallula with some incremental capital. Is that something that's also on the table and being considered? 
Mark Kowlzan: Let me -- a little bit to help quantify that question. If you recall, when we started this process at Wallula almost 4 years ago, and we -- and then we took the machine brown without all of the benefits of the major capital. We called out we expected, they'll produce probably about 700 tons a day of a good craft linerboard on that machine at Wallula. And don't forget the Wallula machines is a narrower machine. It's almost 100 inches narrower. The machine at Jackson is wider. But quite frankly, we're hoping in the same relative terms to be able to produce that type of volume, 700 or 800 tons a day of production. But again, that remains to be seen.
 The challenge is on the folks at the mill and our technology organization over the upcoming weeks. But theoretically, that machine has that kind of capability currently. And then it's -- as far as its future capability, it's just capital dependent. 
Mark Weintraub: Great. And the potential to do something incremental at Wallula, is that still something to be considered? 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, not in a big way. We know that we've got some opportunity with the OCC plant. We'll be starting that up after the first of the year. We'll be finalizing the actual project work as we wrap up this fourth quarter. And then getting ready to start it up. That will lend itself to a benefit in terms of fiber furnish makeup and drainage, pressing, drying capabilities, quality characteristics.
 And then also, we've had some ongoing project work on #2 machine at Wallula. That's a smaller machine. But as of next year, we'll be adding a new head box and new wetting capability, we'll see tremendous more reliability and quality benefits from this work. So incrementally, we'll see improvements. But as we've always said, Wallula Mill, on a run rate basis, was probably going to be around 600,000 tons a year. And we're there. As of this past summer, we've been running the mill depending on grade mix, right at that run rate tonnage on an annual basis of about 600,000 tons a year. And we're very pleased with that. 
Mark Weintraub: Great. And one last quick one, if I could. The costs -- or I think you talked about the indirect costs at Jackson being lower in the third quarter than the second quarter. Was there still much in the way of costs related to Jackson? Or were we getting a relatively clean look at what the white paper system does, ex-Jackson? I imagine there were still some costs related to Jackson. 
Robert Mundy: No. Yes, Mark. Obviously, the -- your fixed costs are fixed. Whether you're producing or not, you have a substantial amount of cost there and of course, a portion of your indirects as well. So I would say that's not a good clean look as you were referring to of a 1 mill paper system. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Any chance of getting additional color on that or... 
Robert Mundy: No. I think that's -- I'm not going to quantify that for you, but that is -- it will improve somewhat in the fourth quarter because we did run Jackson or we are running Jackson rather as we speak. But you still will -- it's -- we're not going to quantify right now, I guess, what the what a 1 mill system would look like from a cost perspective. But maybe next year, sometime as things unfold relative to packaging demand and our paper demand as well. 
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please. 
Operator: Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. 
Adam Josephson: Mark, back to Jackson, if you assume that white paper demand stays at roughly these levels, maybe it bounces a little bit next year, just given how much it's fallen this year. But if it stays at roughly these levels, do you envision needing to produce much paper at that mill next year? And if not, then what do you think the containerboard/white paper mix could look like at that point or if not next year, then once you fully configure the machine to produce containerboard? 
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. If you assume that the pandemic-related impacts continue on through next year, we would anticipate about 50% production of white paper coming out of the mill, which would then allow us the flexibility to take care of some extra brown linerboard for the system. So -- but we would expect about 50% white paper coming out of that mill to support our anticipated customer demands. 
Adam Josephson: Which would result in roughly how much containerboard production Mark? 
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to -- we'll talk more in January after we've had the 3 months under our belt and can really give you some hard numbers and a little bit better conviction on what we see. 
Adam Josephson: Sure. No, understood. Tom, following up on Mark's question -- Wilde's question earlier, just about the abrupt change in demand patterns from last quarter to this quarter. What is your visibility like just, not just right now, but in general. How much visibility into future box demand do you generally have at a point in time? And so 3 months ago, did you have any idea this was coming? Presumably not. And so if you didn't, what gives you confidence that you will -- 3 months from now, demand will be at -- if not these levels then still very robust? I'm just trying to understand, just walk us through what your visibility is? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Adam, let's go back 3 months ago, first. And the -- we had little visibility because nobody knew where the pandemic was really headed. Other than the fact that the economy was going to continue to open up. And depending on what happened in these various states and how fast they open and those sorts of things, that helped drive some of this demand level. I think, in addition, because it hits so quickly and so fast and because of the way our customers were running their business, inventory levels, as I said, both for us and our business and our customers got dramatically low. And so as this demand is going up, there's actually 2 forms of demand that are taking place.
 One is, is to satisfy the end consumer, but also to build inventory of some sort. And so it's almost a little like pushing water uphill to some extent. So I think that what we'll see is we'll see -- we'll go through this. And as those inventory levels do become a little more manageable, this surge is going to slow down to some extent, at least that's what we think. And -- but it's still going to be, but it's still going to be positive. And this is -- right now, it's very positive for the box business, and I expect it to remain so. In talking to customers and kind of getting their forecast and what they think is coming forward, which is what really drives our business, I would say that the -- it's a very positive attitude right now, positive outlook. And they want suppliers who can really adapt to their demands as well. So I think it's very positive going forward. 
Adam Josephson: I appreciate it. And just one last one for Mark or Bob, on guidance. So obviously, you're quite confident on box demand heading into next year, but there are a number of uncertainties. Can you just kind of walk us through your hesitation in giving current quarter guidance, given that you're pretty much a month into the quarter? And then just more broadly, does this experience change your thought process about giving any sort of guidance? In other words, if it's this unclear, if it's been this unclear for 3 straight quarters, is there any compelling reason to give quarterly guidance thereafter? 
Robert Mundy: Well, Adam, I guess the -- if you look at what our internal numbers were for the last 3 quarters, counting the third versus where we ended up, we were off. I'm not going to say whether we were better or worse. But -- and if we had put those numbers out there, it would have been a lot of discussion around why we didn't come closer to our guidance. And just for the same reasons we've said every call and what Mark said in today's call, it's -- and Tom's comments around the demand and where that went to. It's just too -- things are too fluid.
 And when you look at the fourth quarter of this year, especially with how we're going to be running Jackson, there's a lot of assumptions in there about our containerboard production as well as our paper needs. And depending on how that swings, it can move your cost wildly. And it's just another reason that -- another added degree of uncertainty relative to providing fourth quarter guidance. 
Adam Josephson: Bob -- and just beyond, I mean, is there a compelling reason to give guidance period? 
Robert Mundy: That's something we'll say for another day, Adam. That's not -- that's -- what we've done historically is working well for us. These are unusual times, which is why we've taken a pause relative to what we've done historically. And when things get normalized, whatever that means, we'll evaluate that as far as how we do it going forward. 
Mark Kowlzan: Next questoin, please. 
Operator: Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley. 
Neel Kumar: Can you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of box demand for the holiday e-commerce season? It seems that retailers are trying to have an earlier and more evenly spread out holiday season. So are you seeing any evidence of that so far, given your strong October volumes? 
Thomas Hassfurther: I'll just respond real quick, Neel. E-commerce and the holiday and et cetera, is up dramatically. And the forecast is it's going to be incredibly busy all the way through. The limitation, I think, on the holiday season for e-commerce is going to be getting the product to the consumer. You've heard FedEx, you've heard UPS both say that they're basically maxed out for the season. And that's why they're encouraging people to get their holiday deliveries earlier than normal. 
Neel Kumar: Great. That's helpful. And then you referenced expecting a less rich mix in corrugated products in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. Can you just provide some more color on what's driving that and the pension magnitude? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, that's primarily around our graphics business, our point of purchase displays and other graphics business. That tails off quite dramatically in the fourth quarter. That's all done primarily throughout the year for the various holidays. And of course, Christmas is a big holiday, and that's already been delivered. So that just tends to drop off and then that begins to come back in and it's strongest in the second and third quarters. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question. 
Operator: Anthony Pettinari with Citi. 
Anthony Pettinari: Tom, just circling back to Mark's earlier question, is it accurate to say that -- is it your expectation that Jackson will keep you from buying board externally in 4Q and maybe '21 as well? Or is there some risk that if demand is stronger than expected or based on the results of the trial that you would have to buy externally? How much of a risk is that potentially? And are you -- kind of related question, are you exploring other capacity options outside of what you've outlined at Jackson and Wallula to mitigate that risk? 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Anthony, fortunately, because of the work we've done at Jackson leading up to this, I've got a high degree of confidence that this is going to turn out to be very good for us, and we'll continue to be able to supply us in our box system. And the reason -- one of -- and as I mentioned earlier, I said one of the reasons we have to do this, this is really our only option. There's not board to be bought on the outside market right now.
 I mean everybody is incredibly busy and it is unbelievably tight. So we're going to have to do what we plan to do in Jackson in order to keep our box plant supplied. That's just -- and that's simply driven by the demand we have right now. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then just trying to understand that 15% growth you're seeing. Obviously, it's been a big increase in COVID cases heading into colder weather. I'm just wondering, when you talk to your customers, especially on the CPG or grocery side, is there any early indication that they're seeing consumer stockpiling, like what we saw in March and April? Or has that been a part of customer conversations? 
Thomas Hassfurther: No, I don't -- we're not seeing anything like the stockpiling that we saw at the beginning of COVID, no. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. And then just quick last one, if I could. On DeRidder, I'm wondering if you could talk about Laura and Delta's impact on the fiber basket around that mill. And in terms of elevated fiber cost and availability, is that something that is sort of largely dissipated in 4Q? Or how long-lived could that be given what looked like pretty extensive damage to the timberlands around there? 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, quite honestly, whenever you see a hurricane like this, because of all the damaged trees, there's a glut of wood available. You just have to get the producers into the woods to get the wood out to the mill. So the landowners and the producers have to get the wood out in a timely manner before it starts rotting and decaying in the woods.
 So besides -- for a short period of time, the impact of localized flooding, longer term, I don't expect to see any big impact on the fiber supply, fiber cost to the mill.
 Next question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
 George Staphos with Bank of America. 
George Staphos: I didn't take the analysis back more than a few years, but it certainly looks like your inventories are kind of the lowest they've been since 2017.  Could you confirm or correct that view? And is this an all-time record low inventory for you? Just some thoughts or guardrails that you could provide us on that would be appreciated. And then a question for Tom. It's come up in different ways on the call so far. A lot of the questions that investors seem to have on containerboard and corrugate is, hey, look, when this is all over, whatever that might mean, and we stop ordering for direct-to-consumer. Ultimately, the box volumes will normalize as we all go back out to movie theaters and restaurants and the like. What level of permanent -- I mean that's one view. 
 I mean, what permanent level of consumption do you think has now been built into the corrugated market? Because we've learned new behaviors, right? We're ordering more at home. That's convenient. That behavior might stay going forward. What have you seen so far from what your customers are saying on that or any work that you've done on the consumer side in terms of what the new embedded amount of volume in corrugated is because of what we've gone through. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. I'll take the -- George, this is Tom. I'll first talk to you about this -- what this normalized demand is. One of the reasons we're not giving any forecast because we don't know what that normalized demand is, quite frankly, okay? 
 I think if you if you look back and you say, well, what has the average been so far this year prior to October? I would have said at a given point in time, might have said, well, maybe that's probably more indicative of what the average is going to be. But now we've had this huge spike again. So it's very unpredictable at the moment. And I think our customers are very much in the same boat. They're in a very reactionary mode right now.
 I think there are a lot of different moving parts here. Not only consumer demand and COVID, but we've also got a Presidential Election, And we may have administration changes, whatever the case might be. There's just a lot of big ifs out there. And we're just going to have to wait and see what that is. The only thing I can tell you is that we're on a positive -- we're on a very positive trajectory, and I think that will continue. 
Robert Mundy: And George, regarding your I'm sorry, regarding your inventory question, I went back as far as 2013, and these are from a supply -- available supply standpoint, we're lower than we were back then. And I didn't go back any further because, obviously, that's sort of when the transformation of the company occurred with the Boise acquisition. So yes, these are historically low levels of inventory. 
George Staphos: Tom, without putting a number on it, are your customers of the view that corrugated demand has been permanently benefited by what we've gone through or even that's too hard to discern at this time? And if that's the case, totally understand. Just want to try it one more time. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. I think that's just too hard to discern at this point in time. 
Mark Kowlzan: I think we've got time for -- go ahead. 
Operator: Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. 
Mark Wilde: Two quick follow-ons. One, I wonder if we could just get some comment on the cash position of the company. I mean, $1.1 billion with the marketable securities is a pretty impressive war chest. And I just wonder about the need to maintain such a big position if we're at the front-end of a cyclical upturn.
 And then the other question I had is for Tom Hassfurther, and that's just whether there's any portion of the corrugated market, that you think may be moving away from a reliance on kind of pulp and paper as the escalator de-escalator. I think particularly there about some of these big e-commerce firms and whether they're striking different deals? 
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer the cash question. I think we went back to the first quarter, a similar question. And I think I answered and I said I wasn't concerned about the level of cash and we were basically in very uncertain times.
 But I think I said at the time that I would let you know when I thought we had too much cash. And I still have that same position that we are still living in very uncertain times. And I'll let you know when we have too much cash. 
Thomas Hassfurther: And Mark, I would say that I'm still not interested in stepping on landmines. So I'm really not going to even discuss anything regarding pulp and paper. And of course, any agreements we have with our customers are between us and our customers. And we don't publicly disclose those. So although I'd like to give you a little more clear answer to your question, I really can't at this time. 
Mark Kowlzan: Operator, I believe we're out of time. 
Operator: Do you have any closing comments, Mr. Kowlzan? 
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, everyone, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you at the end of January. Stay safe, stay well. Have a nice holiday. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2020 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob who will provide more details, after which I'll wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $57 million or $0.59 per share, excluding the special items, second quarter 2020 net income of $132 million or $1.38 per share compared to the second quarter of 2019 net income of $194 million or $2.04 per share. Second quarter net income was $1.54 billion in 2020 and $1.76 billion in 2019. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter excluding special items was $299 million in 2020 and $376 million in 2019. Second quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.79 per share related primarily to the impairment of goodwill associated with our Paper segment. Bob will discuss that in more detail in a few minutes. Special items expenses also included the previously reported closure of our corrugated products facility in San Lorenzo California and costs and expenses associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Details of all special items for the second quarter of 2020 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items that we mentioned, the $0.66 per share decrease in second quarter 2020 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2019 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our packaging segment of $0.66, and paper segment $0.05, lower volumes in our paper segment $0.40, and higher depreciation expense $0.04. These items were partially offset by lower operating costs of $0.33 primarily in the areas of labor infringes, repairs, materials and supplies and several fixed cost areas. We also have lower annual outage expenses of $0.10, lower converting costs $0.03, lower freight expenses $0.02, and other costs $0.01. Looking at our packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter of 2020 of $313 million with sales of $1.4 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $349 million and sales of $1.5 billion or 23% margin. We ran our containerboard mills to demand, built some much needed inventory from the historically low levels at the end of first quarter, and maintained the industry leading integration rate by supplying our box plants with the necessary containerboard to establish a new second quarter record for box shipments per day. We ended the second quarter with inventory still at the relatively low levels, but in adequate position to meet our expected stronger third quarter demand. Our efficiencies and cost control at the mills in corrugated products facilities throughout the quarter were truly remarkable and we continue to see improvements in freight and logistics expenses through the optimization of our trucking operations in geographic footprint of our containerboard supply. I’ll now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on our containerboard sales in the Corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. Demand for our corrugated products was very good in the second quarter, especially during the month of June. As Mark indicated, our corrugated products plants achieved a new second quarter record for shipments per day which were up 1.2% compared to last year second quarter. Total shipments for the quarter were also up 1.2% over last year. As a comparison for the second quarter, the industry was down 1.4% in total and on a work day basis. Through the first half of 2020, our box shipment volume is up 2.5% on a per day basis versus the industry being up 0.6%. Outside sales volume of containerboard was about 10,000 tons below last year second quarter and 23,000 tons below the first quarter of 2020, as we ran our containerboard system to demand, supply the record needs of our box plants, and positioned our inventory for even higher demand during an expected stronger third quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.61 per share below the second quarter of 2019 and down $0.18 per share compared to the first quarter of 2020. Export containerboard prices were down about $0.05 per share versus last year second quarter and flat compared to the first quarter of 2020. Finally, I'd like to point out that the benefits from our capital spending strategy in the box plants that we spoken about over the last couple of years are continuing to gain traction. As we have said many times this strategy of improving the technology and equipment in various plants, as well as the construction of new box plants is based upon our customer's needs and demands and improving our capabilities to grow with them. We're seeing this in our volume growth with new and existing customers, operating efficiencies and various operating and conversion cost areas. I’ll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter was $5 million with sales of $123 million or a 4% margin compared to second quarter 2019 EBITDA of $48 million and sales of $238 million for a 20% margin. Second quarter paper prices and mix were about 5% below last year and less than 1% below the first quarter of 2020. As expected our sales volume was about 45% below last year and as announced back in April we had our Jackson mill down for the months of May and June to help manage our supply with our demand outlook. Unfortunately our view of demand as we approach the end of June did not improve to the point of allowing us to restart the mill resulting in us recently announcing that Jackson will also be down for the months of July and August. We'll continue to assess the market conditions for potential September restart of the mill. And I’ll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks Mark. Cash provided by operations for the second quarter was $227 million with free cash flow of $146 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $81 million, common stock dividends of $75 million, net interest payments of $41 million, and cash taxes of $39 million. We ended the quarter with $853 million of cash on hand or $977 million including marketable securities. Our liquidity yet June 30 was just over $1.3 billion. During the second quarter, uncoated freesheet market conditions and especially demand for our cut-size office paper products continue to deteriorate rapidly arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. These conditions along with the estimated impact on our paper segment and its projected future results of operations resulted in a triggering event indicating possible impairment of goodwill and the long-lived assets within our Paper segment. Due to this triggering event and a more likely than not assessment that an impairment of goodwill occurred, an interim quantitative impairment analysis as of May 31, 2020 was performed. Based on this evaluation, we determined that goodwill was fully impaired for the Paper segment and recognized a non-cash impairment charge totaling $55.2 million. The impairment charge is not tax deductible. We also performed a recoverability test on the long-lived assets within our Paper segment, including long-lived intangible assets, as of May 31, 2020. The results of this test indicated that these assets were 100% recoverable. Lastly, we are planning to take a - or to make a change to the scheduled outages in our containerboard meals for the fourth quarter of this year versus what we discussed during last quarter's call. Our current plans are to pull forward some recovery borrow work at the DeRidder mill from next year to eliminate the risk of unscheduled downtime and during this period, perform a high return capital project on the number one paper machine real section. The fourth quarter estimate for a scheduled outages is now $0.59 per share and the full year estimate is now a $1.05 per share. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. As in the first quarter, the employees at all of our manufacturing and office locations ran their operation safely in a very cost effective manner, while facing the unprecedented conditions brought on by COVID-19 pandemic. All facilities continued to operate in adherence to CDC guidelines and followed a strict protocol for workplace operations, as well as notification of in response to potential issues. Although we did experience some challenges during the second quarter, we have not experienced any material disruption in our operations or our supply chain due to the pandemic. The accomplishments by our employees during this period with the help of our customers and suppliers were truly amazing. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we will stay focused on preserving our financial and balance sheet strength during these uncertain times. We will remain well-positioned to manage whatever lies ahead while ensuring that we take care of the needs and expectations of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. During the unprecedented times, corrugated products demand has performed quite well so far this year and we expect a third quarter to be even stronger. We began the third quarter with replenished yet still relatively low containerboard inventories and our expectation is that we'll end the quarter at levels below where we started well managing scheduled outages at two of our mills. We've already announced the actions being taken in the paper business and we’ll continue to evaluate the demand for our paper products throughout the third quarter. However shelter-in-place and lockdown conditions continue to change constantly across the country and such events and actions could adversely impact those expectations in the operations of not only our facilities, but also the availability of services and products we rely upon from our suppliers. As a result we are not able to appropriately quantify our guidance from third quarter. With that, I’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Shelby, I’d like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: I wanted to ask a couple of questions on paper and then I'll do one on packaging and turn it over. So shorter term and recognizing it it’s tough to guide on paper. You know it sounds like demand really hasn't changed much from your commentary. It looks like at a minimum right now Jackson will be down about the similar amount as it was down this past quarter. You know barring any change in pricing, which you can't comment to anyway, would there be any reason why 3Q earning could be terribly different from 2Q with that volume outlook?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me comment and I’ll let Bob comment also. Again you know the sales have picked up somewhat for cut-size. The problem is they haven't picked up enough that you can justify starting the mill and running full.
George Staphos: Yes.
Mark Kowlzan: And so it's not economical to do that. So we're running out of inventory and running out of what the I Falls Mill can produce. And the volume pickup we're seeing is what you'd expect with the reopening of various states and businesses, some of the back-to-school reordering, some of the big box stores planning on some of their volume that would be moving out into school activity. And so everything hinges on what truly happens to the economy in terms of how stable is this reopening and how fast does it occur et cetera. From the financials, Bob why don't you comment on what we’d expect to see?
A –Robert Mundy: Yes George I would think that you probably you know you're thinking about things correctly you know based on the assumptions we've made and that we've stated and if those hold true then I would think you're not you shouldn't be far off.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that, Bob. Second question on paper, and I realize it's tough to speak to this live mic and we're still early into this reduced trend, but how does the goodwill impairment. How does the demand decline that we've seen change if at all your view on the paper assets both in terms of their current operating stance and how you might be able to use those assets longer term either in their current form or in a different form. And then my last question I'll turn it over. You mentioned that the third quarter demand is looking good and if things continue, obviously, there are no guarantees in life. You know inventories wind up lower. What are your customers telling you though? What concerns might they have about the phase out or lowering of that $600 week additional unemployment payment that people have been getting and how it might relate to consumption, if you have any Intel or view on that? Thank you guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. George on the first part of your question regarding the impairment, impairment simply was a technical matter. And so, we went through the trigger analysis and it was truly just an SEC trigger requirement, you know non-cash charge cleans up the balance sheet. But don't forget, if you think about we've been operating our paper business for about eight years now, and the paper business has probably generated I’d estimate $1.1 billion of EBITDA during the time, it's been on a very good business for us. If you take this pandemic out of the picture, it's still you know is a good business. And so, who knows again how fast the economy recovers and demand recovers. Nevertheless, we have a lot of optionality in how we utilize the paper business and the assets within the paper business. Tom, do you want to talk about demand?
A –Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, as indicated George, currently we're starting out quite well in demand you know typical question that it gets asked is, where are we at this point in time through 17 days we’re up just under 1%. And you know and that's against a very tough comp, a year ago I believe, we were up about 3.9% on a per workday basis. So, you know that's a good start to the quarter. You know you asked a question about our customers and are - what are their effects from the $600 or the potential effects from the $600 unemployment. I think most of that we've got some customers who are concerned about getting employees back, because in some cases they are making more money probably on unemployment than they would be working. But there I think for the most part people want to work and they want to get back to work. And so our customers that are continue to grow they expect to continue to bring their employees back.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: I've got a couple of questions. The first one just kind of back on Jackson. I'm just curious whether there are any issues in serving kind of your primary customers that just a single mill and then whether the extended downtime there makes it difficult to retain skilled workers at that site?
A –Thomas Hassfurther: First part of the question we've got complete flexibility between the I Falls portfolio capability and the Jackson capability. And so it's just a matter of you know what does the demand look like and then where is it appropriate to make. So, we're okay for the time being. Again your question regarding employee retention and talent retention, obviously that's always a concern. And so it's really a matter of how long this goes on. But don't forget this is taking place throughout the paper industry. And so we had spent quite a bit of time during that period of late May and June going through the mill from top to bottom really putting the assets in great condition. And so, the mill sits there ready to run. The employees know that. And so again, we're just going to evaluate market conditions and at the right time that mill can run in and will run when necessary.
Mark Wilde: And if I could just ask on Jackson one other thing Mark, is there anything from just from an engineering standpoint that would make it difficult to produce other products at Jackson. It’s a fairly new machine as I recall kind of a late 1990s vintage machine?
Mark Kowlzan: We have total flexibility and optionality with the Jackson assets and anybody that knows us would have to assume that we have studied all potential options and we have as we've done, as an example at Wallula into Ritter. We could take those assets if need be and you know apply them to a containerboard, if need be. But in the meantime, we don't see that happening. Again, there is always a capital cost and capital varies from mill asset to mill asset. But to your point, the big machine at a Jackson is one of the biggest cut size uncoated machines in North America. So, it's a really good paper machine and the mill you know in general is a very good mill asset. So again, it's got tremendous optionality for the future and - but just keep in mind that you know if anybody is thinking that you just convert it tomorrow think about all of the capital that it’s you know we have employed over the years to bring on the efficiencies at a mill like Wallula, it doesn't happen overnight, and there's a phased approach. But again you know I am betting on the fact that, demand will pick up for the paper business and we'll see that come back.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. The other question I had Mark is just in terms of dry powder, I mean, you've got over $10 a share of dry powder. I wondered, if you can just give us some sense of the parameters for you know what you might do on the acquisition side, or what you might not do, I think in the past you've said, you weren't interested in going south from the U.S. It didn't sound like Europe was really an interest. So just frame for us kind of if you could, where you would be willing and where you wouldn't be willing to use that capital over time?
Mark Kowlzan: I think the best choice is that we continue to make the smaller bolt-on acquisitions on the box plant side of the business. Highly accretive opportunities that would come along, we would certainly be in a position to take those on and put them in the portfolio. That's always the primary driver and then we'll always figure out where we're going to supply containerboard into that system. If the high class problem arose that we had more demand than the capability to produce, we've got the optionality on how we go about our short-term and long-term, short-term we could buy tons on the outside market, long-term, we could figure out how to produce them internally. And so, I think it still holds, we have no desire to go offshore with any investment. We will stay in the lower 48 states as seen in our volume year-to-date in our volume in the second quarter. Our very diverse customer base pays-off quite well for us in terms of what we can service across the United States and our customers recognize that. So, we will continue to invest in the existing asset base to enhance the capability. And that - quite frankly that's our highest return opportunity right now is to continue to allow Tom and the box plants to reinvest in their capabilities we've been doing over the last couple of years. And we've seen tremendous results from that.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Connelly of Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Mark, it sounds like you're fine with your inventories now, but I'm curious whether you did see any significant cost or inefficiency either because your inventories were lower because your customers orders were unpredictable and I'm worried - I'm wondering whether that lack of predictability or logistics might be a bigger issue in Q3?
Mark Kowlzan: No, I think again everything we've been doing over the last couple of years to simplify our portfolio in terms of our containerboard inventory - the SKUs what Tom uses in terms of the basis weights and we've gone primarily to a high performance mix of containerboard that we use. We keep that internal with our nationwide logistics capability and regional supply. We've been able to minimize the inventory requirements there. As far as customer and uncertainties again, we can pretty well produce what we need we're in - not in the - again I don't see any problems in this third quarter that would be related to uncertainties. Tom, do you want to comment on where we are at I think what took place.
Thomas Hassfurther: No, and I agree with you. I mean and quite frankly I mean given our customer base and the way we operate, we're up for any uncertainty that comes along.
Mark Connelly: That's a good answer. Just one question on freight rates, we're starting to see freight rates pick up again after a dip earlier this year and I can't remember when you redo your contracts. But do you have a view on how rising freight rates are going to affect you in the next year?
Mark Kowlzan: Well again, I think you know with - based on demand, as the economy started opening up, we definitely saw some tightening up on both truck and rail. And so in some ways, we'll deal with that, that’s a healthy sign. But again the fact is that with the diversified production portfolio nationwide, we can manage the logistics costs better than we've ever been able to do. And so, but - we are seeing some upward pressure. I’ll talk to you more on that.
Mark Connelly: Do have a significant - part of your transportation on an annual contract with - a reset at this time of the year?
Mark Kowlzan: No, no.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Just hoping to get a little bit more color on the third quarter volume outlook for corrugated. I know you spoke many times both in the press release and in the comments about expecting much better trends. Could you clarify is that better than the sort of 2.5% year-to-date trend you were talking about? And then, recognizing it's a tough comp in the July number being up a little bit less than 1% maybe not, quite hitting that you know 2.5% bogey, if that is the bogey? So are you seeing - are there some new customers that are coming in later in the quarter that you're expecting to kind of ramp up or are you just seeing the order book start to accelerate now into late July and August that you expect the trends to improve as the quarter progresses?
Thomas Hassfurther: Brian, this is Tom, I'll take that question. Of course we were up - we've been up the 2.5% as we talked about. We're building on that going into July. Our forecast will continue to build on that through the quarter and have a very good quarter providing. As Mark indicated earlier, we don't have some shutdowns as a result of the pandemic or anything like that, that occurs as long as the economy continues to open, I think the trends will be quite good. The comps do get a little easier as the quarter goes on. As I indicated, July was our largest increase last year. So things are pretty positive and I'll also add as I discussed on the last quarter call, the food service business had really been hurt quite badly and the Ag business that supplies the food service side had been hurt quite badly in the quarter. And that's beginning to come back now as restaurants open up and schools open up. We'll see more of that activity which is good, and the durables business has started to come back. And as you saw the durables numbers were quite good. So that's - those are good accelerators for us in the third quarter.
Brian Maguire: And then Mark, you didn’t mention, but I'm going to assume they're still doing great is e-commerce. And so my next question is just, as the industry start - continues to shift toward the e-commerce and it seems like there's maybe a bit step function change as a result of COVID here. Do you see that as a good thing or a bad thing for PCA? Is that - are you guys uniquely positioned within the industry to take advantage of that or not or do you think there could be any positives or negatives specific to the mix shift regardless of how it kind of impacts volume growth in general?
Mark Kowlzan: No e-commerce is a good thing, it's a good thing for PCA and it's a good thing for the entire industry. And also as we see it continuing to grow and I think there's a big consumer shift that's already taken place and even as the economy opens. I think people will continue to participate in e-commerce category quite heavily.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And just last one from me. And I know you expect to give figure guidance and you're not able to give it because of the lockdowns. But if we just kind of froze things where they are, and didn't see any more rollback in the lockdowns. There's been everything going it seems like third quarter EPS you would have been able to guide to something - it would have been quite a bit better than where 2Q was given the exit rate on all these trends and sort of what I'm hearing about the volume outlook in packaging?
Robert Mundy: Well, Brian, when George asked a question earlier I think it sort of gave an indication that there are some things that are positive certainly on the volume side. But there will be some seasonal cost that that can go the other way. So all things being equal, we would - if based on our assumptions it should be we would expect it to be fairly similar. There's also some mix things and we talked about freight just from a mix perspective like freight as an example. It’s not that, there's a little bit of upward pressure, but there's also I guess some mix related things that cause freight cost to go up from 2Q to Q3 some of that would be like for my pause in our paper business we have to still get some paper down in the part of the country that we have the mill down. So things like that and there's some things going on, on the containerboard side you know drive that up. As well as certainly, energy usage during this part of the - this time of the year is a lot higher and our outages based on the numbers we gave you on guidance you know outages. If you look at what we've said that’s $0.07 a share so right there so.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Just a question on the pull forward of the DeRidder recovery boiler project. So in 2018 and 2019, maintenance expense have been order of magnitude $0.61. And now this year given that pull forward you're guiding to about a $1.05 for this year. As we think about next year, does - a starting point. Does it make sense to be at the $0.60 level or is the DeRidder pulling forward so that next year all things equal that it could be lower than the $0.61?
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, it's hard - think about the reason we want to pull this outage up is to take advantage of the fact that we have to take DeRidder down for part of its annual outage anyways and we’re doing the DeRidder number one machine annual during that fourth quarter. And in the work we're doing on D1 we had recognized an opportunity to significantly upgrade the winder capability and go to a fourth set real automatic conveyor of reals into the winder back stance and really enhance the efficiencies of the machine. So, we have a very high return of capital project, which is taking a couple of weeks of downtime opportunity. We also recognize that the recovery boiler was going to be requiring a superheater replacement next year, which typically is in most cases about a three week outage type of job depending on the work, three weeks, three-and-a-half weeks of work. And we looked at it and said, well, we're going to take a longer outage on the big paper machine in the fall. And we know that within six months, you're going to have to take another longer outage that you know is the recovery boiler, which you know impacts cost. And we thought well, there are some uncertainties about the economy not knowing what demand is doing and where the world is going to be in the fourth quarter. We thought it was probably prudent to go ahead and pull up the outage, get the work done on the paper machine, get all of this work done on the recovery boiler, and put that behind us. And so, that without quantifying what that does to the annual shutdown cost next year, obviously, it eliminates that cost next year. And so, you not only eliminate that shutdown cost next year, but you see immediate results from the paper machine upgrade work and the reliability that you bring to bear with the boiler work that we're doing. So I don't want to try to quantify what that means for 2021s maintenance outage expenses.
Mark Weintraub: And maybe one help if you could. Would the Recovery Boiler project would have that been a once every seven year type thing, which is exceptional or would that be in kind of the normal course?
Mark Kowlzan: No it's probably once a decade type of opportunity in the superheaters you know quite frankly superheaters you change out probably every 25 years.
Mark Weintraub: Got it.
Mark Kowlzan: But you typically it varies to work you're doing on a power boiler or a recovery boiler. The most complex work you do would be work such as a generator suction tubes and or a superheater suction tubes. In this case, we felt it was prudent to just go ahead and move this up, take advantage of this and there was no reason to wait. But it costs us. But it's an boiler would cost for next year.
Mark Weintraub: Yes. Is there any help you can provide at this stage for us as you have done the analysis on the options at Jackson of order of magnitude what type of capital to achieve what type of end result would be entailed recognizing that it's still a process under consideration as opposed to anything that's been determined?
Mark Kowlzan: You know as again you would have to believe that we have in our files a various listing of opportunities and the costs of those opportunities and what could be done in that over what period of time. That being said if you look at our history over the last three decades whenever we've done big projects and big conversions we do it in phases. I don't want to try to quantify what that cost would be. It's not proper to do that, but it is a significant cost. I'll leave it at that.
Mark Weintraub: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: To do it right, to do it properly, it would be a significant cost, but if that were to play out that way that would mean that we have a significant opportunity.
Operator: Your next question is from Neel Kumar from Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: On a same-day basis, your corrugated shipments were up 1.2% versus the industry, which is down 1.4% for the quarter. What allowed you to outperform relative to industry volume, would you attribute that your end market or geographical mix or perhaps having more local first national kind of exposure?
Thomas Hassfurther: Neel, this is Tom. I think our performance is really just you know where we're aligned with thousands of customers. We're still primarily local and regional, although we have a decent national footprint as well. And I think, we were fortunate to be able to grow with the customers that we have. In addition, we did pick up some new customers as well, just where the opportunities presented themselves. And you know it's kind of a continuation of what we do and what we do so well and the way we execute, and operate so efficiently, and it's also obviously a result of the capital that we talked about, that we invested in our businesses to be able to do that. So you know we had in – some cases, we had customers who were expanding and wanted to grow and wanted to grow with us, and you know we made the investments to be able to do that. So you know that's been our strategy for a long time and will continue to be our strategy.
Neel Kumar: Great. That's helpful. And can you just also talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the export markets, prices look like they've come down, but the board recently in Europe and Central South America, and there seems to be some softness maybe in China as well. So generally speaking how has demand geared in some of your key export regions versus the domestic market over the last several months?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, as we talked about many times you know we don't have a large export footprint, but the one we do have is with long, long-term customers who have been in the business obviously you know and for a long time. And are good players in their marketplace. The demand has been relatively flat. The pricing had come down. It stayed flat for a while. And you know who knows what's going to happen down the road, I'm not going to speculate on that. But our demand on the export side has been steady and you know that's what we continue to expect and maybe even up a little depending on how things open up around the rest of the world.
Operator: Your next question is from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: I wanted to ask if you are buying a material amount of board outside your own system currently I think in the past you've been willing to provide that. And if so you know it is advance stage study and you do this project in the fourth quarter taking linerboard now down for a bit. Do you need to buy more tons to support your system?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Debbie, on the first part of the question. The only board we buy on the outside right now currently is specialty type grade white top would be a good example. And then there is some specialty products that we use. That's essentially what we've been buying for the last couple of years. As far as in the fourth quarter with the outage, obviously, we got some flexibility in as we go through the third quarter and we look at what the fourth quarter end looks like. We’ll figure out how we run the system. We've got great opportunities, we could and in a worst high-class situation, you could go by some board on the outside market, if you had to. But we're not anticipating that right now. So, it just requires us to manage our business well as we go into the month of October and November.
Debbie Jones: And can you just touch cost earlier. I was wondering, if you could just talk a bit more about what fiber OCC cost and how that's trying to reiterate you in Q2 and into Q3?
Mark Kowlzan: Would fiber costs in general we're seeing flat, I mean, there is nothing. It's typically what you’d see with weather-related phenomenon and on seasonal-related phenomena with tied to weather events, but nothing unusual.
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Randy Toth: This is actually Randy Toth sitting in for Anthony. Can you just quick update us on the OCC plant bill at Wallula. I think originally, it was expected to be completed by a year-end, has the timeline changed at all due to that pandemic? And then just bigger picture, has you're thinking about virgin versus recycled fiber mix changed at all over the past nine months or so [technical difficulty]? Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding the project we're still on schedule to the end of the year and it hasn't changed our view in the entire premise and investing the money into a new OCC plant in Wallula was to provide complete optionality of fiber opportunities in that mill. That mill if you can imagine being in the Pacific Northwest is the highest wood cost basket for paper mills in North America. And so, having the ability to utilize OCC and various wood fibers gives us the optionality we need there. So it's still something we would believe is a good thing to do and important thing to do to fiber that mill up for the future. So it hasn't changed our outlook on where we are.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Tom, in terms of your box demand outlook for the balance of the quarter, and this year has been somewhat of a rollercoaster ride. Obviously there's the panic buying surge in March and then the economy shutdown, some industry box demand obviously went down in April and May. And then June and July have been much better, I assume because of inventory restocking, correct me, if you think otherwise? So just given these big swings up and down, what would you say your visibility and confidence level is for the balance of the quarter and for that matter in 4Q. And you've always said the box demand is tied to the economy and when you're talking about the paper business, you said look depends on the reopening et cetera? Does the same apply to your box business?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes Adam, the second part of your question, yes some of that does depend on the box business. You know if suddenly we had a big surge in the United States of COVID and we had certain businesses closed back down or big, big regions closed down. Some of those segments we talked about like food service that would be impacted. However, the indicators are that that's not going to be the case and that we've got the potential to continue to open up the economy. And if that takes place, we're quite bullish. The ups and downs, I think are when you say inventory restocking, I would say that most of our customers have kept their inventories at very low levels period. And so the surge is more demand-related than it is investor stocking-related and that requires because I can - you can really feel it in the short turnaround timeframes that we've got to - that we've got to produce the boxes. And this is what our customers are telling us likewise. So, they're sitting there with lower inventories, trying to manage their business, but also wanting to take advantage of every opportunity they have as this economy continues to open up.
Adam Josephson: And just on 3Q, Bob I think you mentioned that in response to George's question that paper earnings could be expected to be relatively similar sequentially. And it sounds like you have pretty good confidence on box demand for the balance of the quarter. So, I guess back to the guidance question, why - don't you feel comfortable giving 3Q guidance, given that box demand will presumably be good and given your - it seems the likelihood of the paper earnings will be flattish sequentially?
Robert Mundy: Yes Adam it’s just for the same reasons you know that Mark mentioned and Tom just touched on as well. And not that dissimilar from a paper you put out not that long ago about this thing can turn really quickly. And if it does or our supply chain or our - how our customers are impacted and all bets are off. But you know usually we have our crystal ball as not as cloudy.
Adam Josephson: Right.
Robert Mundy: So, we do the best we can, but these things can change so rapidly and if we have a number out there and that happens. It just, it's hard to recover from that because the perception is what people happen to read that day and they forget about you know that you tried to warn that you know things can change quickly.
Adam Josephson: Yes.
Robert Mundy: So it's just - to do it the way we're doing it right now.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate. But just one last question Bob on the COVID costs are you expecting a similar level of COVID costs in 3Q and perhaps beyond or do you think those are?
Robert Mundy: No.
Adam Josephson: One-time in 2Q?
Robert Mundy: No, I do not.
Operator: Your next question - it's a follow-up from Mark Wilde.
Mark Wilde: Yes, I just I had a few kind of quick ones for you, the box shipment numbers that you gave up 1.2%. What was the impact of Richland on those numbers? And can you give us a sense of where Richland is producing right now?
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark I mean Richland obviously had an impact and you see we've got some puts and takes here too. I mean we closed the San Lorenzo. We've opened - the Richland, Richland has ramped up very nicely. I don't go into details as to exactly what they're running, but I will just say that we're pleased with what Richland’s done. And obviously they made they made some contribution to that increase.
Mark Wilde: And then the second one, Tom any impact that you've seen so far from the dollar starting to weaken?
Thomas Hassfurther: Not at the moment, Mark.
Mark Wilde: And if it continues to weaken would you expect some particularly around sort of export volumes or export pricing?
Thomas Hassfurther: It could, I mean that's obviously currency is a big part of the export market. So, it can drive it up, drive it down drive prices one way or the other. So yes, depending on what happens. I still think it's in a range right now where it's not quite as impactful, but if it does drop some more that could definitely create a change.
Mark Wilde: And are you seeing any impact from the Brazilians being a little more aggressive. I mean they've got a very weak currency and extra capacity right now?
Thomas Hassfurther: Not right now. We're not seeing that right now. I can't, I mean that could change tomorrow, but I'm just giving you a snapshot as of right now.
Mark Wilde: Yes, that's all I'm looking for. The last one I had. Is it possible to get any sense of sort of what the economic slow back might have amounted to in Q2 or how much extra fuel you have in the tank potentially across the mill system?
Mark Kowlzan: We don't quantify that - you know in terms of what we did as far as running to demand it's obvious. We did using the term run to demand and what we saw happening if you think about is the second quarter was unfolding. In April folded into May and we saw some big businesses shutting down, the protein side of the business going down. We had to make some decisions in terms of what we believe, we would end up with. And so part of that decision making was to literally slowdown some of our machines and run to demand, not knowing where some of our output was going to have to go. But knowing that we could always ramp that back up, but there was some slowing down that took place in a few of our paper machines that caused us not to run full out. And I'd rather just leave it at that.
Mark Wilde: Yes, okay. And I guess just related to that Mark, it did sound to me like over time both the Ritter and Wallula, you had some ability to kind of stretch those conversions in terms of capacity over time, possible to get a sense of kind of where?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Wallula has been a really great success for us. Essentially we're running the mill full out right now. The number two machine which has always been a medium machine is running to its limits, and then all of the work that was done to support number three machine. We've seen all of the success there, based on the grade mix we're running as far as a high performance grade mix, the mill has been through this year running to its capacity. That being said, with the OCC plant and the opportunity with some recycled fiber in the sheet, with some future capital spending, if we chose to, again we said this few years ago that there was probably depending on the grade mix you present the mill. It could be another 50,000 tons of opportunity coming out of that mill. But again, it would require a capital analysis and some decision making on whether or not that was the right thing to do. But right now, the mill is running at capacity and we're quite pleased with what it's doing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Kowlzan, I see, there are no further questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes thanks Shelby. Everybody, thank you so much for joining us today and stay well. We look forward to talking with you in October for the third quarter call. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session.I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s first quarter 2020 earnings release conference call. Again, I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we begin our prepared remarks relative to the first quarter performance, I want to take a few make a few comments about the pandemic crisis in PCA. Without a doubt, these may be the most unpredictable and unprecedented times that hopefully we will ever encounter.There is no reference manual for managing through a public health crisis with severe economic ramifications, such as what has occurred with the COVID-19 pandemic. Our routines, habits, personal preferences, work and social activity and many other aspects of our lives are sure to change forever as a result of this.PCA’s operations qualify as an essential or critical element under the various state and local shelter-in-place orders. Our leadership team is in constant communication discussing safety, the state of our operations, business continuity and other critical management topics.It is our responsibility at PCA to ensure that, first and foremost, we help provide for the well-being of our more than 15,000 employees and their families. We must do everything in our power to assist our customers and suppliers as well.We have implemented various procedures and safeguards at all our manufacturing, converting and office locations across the country to help keep our employees safe and healthy as we provide the goods and services considered essential for assisting with our country’s response to the pandemic.We have also put measures in place to assist them with the economic ramifications that have resulted from these response measures. To date, we have not experienced any significant interruptions at our operations or in our supply chain due to the virus.Our network of mills, converting facilities and distribution operations strategically located throughout the United States gives PCA asset flexibility to manufacture and ship products to multiple locations.We will continue to closely monitor developments, take proactive measures to protect our employees, and provide our customers with the products and services they require.I could not be more proud of the effort, responsiveness and sacrifices displayed by all PCA employees, as well as our customers and suppliers. It has truly been an inspiring observation.I’ll now begin with an overview of the first quarter results, and then I’m going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who’ll provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up, and we’ll be glad to take some questions.Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $142 million or $1.49 per share. First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.01 per share, related primarily to costs and expenses associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.Excluding special items, first quarter 2020 net income was $143 million or $1.50 per share compared to the first quarter of 2019 net income of $187 million or $1.98 per share.First quarter net sales were $1.7 billion in both 2020 and 2019. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter, excluding special items, was $311 million in 2020 and $371 million in 2019. Details of the special items for both the first quarter of 2020 and 2019 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release.Excluding special items, the $0.48 per share decrease in first quarter 2020 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2019 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our Packaging segment of $0.64 and Paper segment of $0.05, lower volumes in our Paper segment of $0.03, higher annual outage expenses, $0.04, higher depreciation expense, $0.04, other expenses, $0.01, and higher tax rate, $0.01.The items were partially offset by higher volumes in our Packaging segment of $0.14, lower operating costs of $0.09, lower converting costs, $0.04, lower freight and logistics costs, $0.01, and lower interest expense, $0.04, and non-operating pension expense, $0.02.The results were $0.30 above the first quarter guidance of $1.20 per share, primarily due to higher volumes in our Packaging segment of $0.03 and our Paper segment of $0.01, higher prices and mix in the Packaging segment of $0.02 and lower operating costs of $0.15, resulting from the excellent fiber and energy usage and lower input prices in our mills.Freight and logistics costs were lower than expected by $0.03, as were converting costs, annual outage costs and other expenses, each lower than expectations by $0.02 per share.Looking at our Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter of 2020 of $290 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 20% versus last year’s EBITDA of $334 million and sales of $1.5 billion or a 23% margin.Our containerboard mills established a new first quarter volume record, even while performing scheduled annual maintenance outage work at four of the mills. Our containerboard production allowed us to maintain our industry-leading integration rate of approximately 95% by supplying the necessary containerboard to our box plants, who achieved an all-time record for total box shipments, as well as a new first quarter shipments per day record.We were able to meet this greater-than-anticipated demand through proactive management, changing the sequencing of our scheduled maintenance outages, as well as outstanding execution of the work performed during these outages.Our enhanced capabilities to optimize the mix, freight and logistics costs, inventory levels and internal and external customer needs of the customer - of the containerboard system provided to us by our machine conversion at Wallula Mill were a key component as well.We ended the quarter with containerboard inventories at their lowest levels since the acquisition of Boise’s packaging business in 2013.I’ll now turn it over to Tom, who’ll provide more details on containerboard sales and the corrugating business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Corrugated products and containerboard demand were very strong during the quarter. As Mark indicated, our corrugated products plants achieved a new all-time record for total box shipments, which were up 5.6% over last year as well as a new first quarter record in shipments per day, which were up 3.9% compared to last year’s first quarter.Outside sales volume of containerboard was 13% above last year’s first quarter, primarily attributable to increased domestic demand with export demand slightly higher as well.Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.54 per share below the first quarter of 2019 and down $0.06 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Export containerboard prices were down about $0.10 per share versus last year’s first quarter and flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2019.I’ll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter of $42 million with sales of $217 million or 19% margin compared to the first quarter of 2019 EBITDA of $55 million and sales of $240 million or 23% margin.First quarter paper prices and mix were below last year as expected, however, they were flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Our Paper volume was also lower as expected, primarily due to the scheduled maintenance outage at our Jackson, Alabama mill, however, it was about 3% higher than we had assumed.Although we ended the quarter with our inventory slightly lower than planned, on April 1, we announced downtime at our Jackson, Alabama mill for the months of May and June to ensure we manage the supply according to our demand outlook for the second quarter.Throughout the quarter, the mills did an outstanding job, managing fiber and chemical usage and maintained tight control over indirect and fixed expenses.I’ll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. We had record first quarter cash generation with cash provided by operations of $237 million and record first quarter free cash flow of $166 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $71 million and common stock dividends of $75 million.We ended the quarter with $764 million of cash on hand or $913 million, including the cash we recently moved to marketable securities. Our liquidity at March 31 of over $1.2 billion is the highest ever for our company. And with the refinancing we completed in the fourth quarter of 2019, we have no debt maturities for the next 3.5 years.Regarding our announcement of taking our paper mill in Jackson, Alabama down for the months of May and June, our estimated second quarter financial impact of this decision is approximately $30 million or $0.24 per share.I want to update you on our full year guidance for certain items that we provided on last quarter’s call. As Mark alluded to earlier, we managed through a very strong first quarter demand in our Packaging business, partly by altering the sequencing of the scheduled maintenance outages at our containerboard mills, as well as the containerboard machines impacted versus what we discussed during last quarter’s call. There are no changes to the scheduled outages at our white paper mills.The actual impact in the first quarter was $0.22 per share, and the estimated impact by quarter for the remainder of the year is now $0.09 per share in the second quarter, $0.16 in the third and $0.34 per share in the fourth quarter. The full year estimate remains at $0.81 per share, as we mentioned previously.Also, our full year interest expense is now expected to be $88 million versus $81 million. And our net cash interest is now estimated to be $92 million versus $84 million, primarily due to lower expected interest income.Our cash tax rate estimate is now slightly lower than our earlier estimate of 19%, partially due to the downtime we announced at our Jackson mill, and our effective tax rate remains at approximately 25%.After a thorough review of our capital spending plans, we are not changing the range of spending we provided previously, which was between $400 million to $425 million, nor are we changing our full year outlook for pension contributions or depreciation.I’ll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. I want to reiterate the comments I made in yesterday’s earnings release. As I mentioned earlier, these may be the most unpredictable and unprecedented times that hopefully we will ever encounter. Not a day passes that we realize something new being impacted in a way we had never thought of or imagined of before.Our consistent approach towards prudent capital allocation and sound financial governance has served us well for many, many years and is certainly helpful in times like this.PCA entered this uncertain period of time brought on by the COVID-19 crisis from a position of financial and balance sheet strength. Our focus has been and will remain on preserving that strength through the actions and decisions we make as a management team.As Bob mentioned, our company’s liquidity position has never been higher nor has our confidence in the future success of PCA. We are well positioned to manage through whatever lies ahead, while ensuring we take care of the needs and expectations of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders.However, the confidence does not translate to the same degree short-term predictability or guidance specifics that we normally provide at this time. Bob has provided you an update on estimates for certain forward-looking items.However, due to the uncertain scope and duration of the pandemic and the timing of the global recovery and economic normalization, we’re not able to properly quantify our guidance for the second quarter.We’ve already announced the actions being taken in our Paper business, and we believe these actions will position us properly for what we anticipate right now for the second half of 2020. However, nothing is certain, especially now, and it may require further action to be taken. We know that we experienced a demand surge in our Packaging business in the first quarter, and the second quarter has also begun quite strong as well.Our containerboard inventory is at the lowest levels, both in total and in weeks of supply since our acquisition of the Packaging business from Boise. And while recycled fiber prices began moving significantly higher during the first quarter, our position as a primarily virgin fiber producer minimizes its impact compared to other producers.However, it only makes logical sense that demand in certain end markets will return to more normal growth trends at some point, although we’ve been successful at securing new business in end markets with a stronger demand outlook versus markets whose demand may be impacted more negatively.Also, it is impossible to predict what additional health-related measures will be or must be taken or dictated to us by the various state and local governments where we operate. Such events and actions could adversely impact the operation of not only our facilities, but also the availability of services and products we rely upon from our suppliers.That being said, it is also a fact that the products our company provides are essential to the response efforts, the recovery and the well-being of our country. The needs for our cost-effective, sustainable and renewable products will continue.While no one knows the severity or longevity of the virus’ impact on global economy, it is my belief that this need will be even more in demand as the world recovers from this crisis.With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements.And with that, Shelby, I’d like to go ahead and open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
George Staphos: Thanks for all you’re doing on COVID and congratulations on the quarter. I guess if you could give a little bit more color on what was particularly positive on the operating side relative to your guidance going into the quarter.You mentioned - I think you mentioned fiber and fuel, but if you could, to the extent possible, comment a bit further there, that would be great. I had a couple of follow-ons.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. George, when we started the first quarter in January, we were looking at taking four of the mills down for their annual outages. And obviously, there is a lot of unknowns there. After the work was done, starting up the mills, all the mills started up remarkably well ahead of schedule and are running flawlessly since. So that was a big positive for us.And also, in doing so, the utilization of energy and other raw materials flows through. We’ve been - you would understand that with energy costs coming down, we were able to take advantage of lower energy pricing. And then again, just good efficient utilization of fiber and conversion in the mills.But again, just very well executed annual outages and utilization of the assets. And the same thing we’re seeing in the box plant side of the business, in the converting side. Bob, you want to add something to that?
Robert Mundy: Yeah. George, I’ll just add. Part of what Mark was referring to and what we commented on earlier was on fiber end. Even though OCC prices were rising throughout the quarter, us being primarily virgin and with the woodyard project that we completed last summer at Counce, we saw significant usage and pricing benefit from that project, as well as other parts of the country. But Counce was a big part of that project we talked about around this -late summer last year.
Mark Kowlzan: I mean, to emphasize that, George, we’re running Counce. Counce has essentially 1,000 ton a day recycling capability with OCC and DLK. And for all intents and purposes, we’re not and we have not been using recycled fiber at Counce, it’s all virgin pine.
George Staphos: Understood. Thank you for that additional color. I guess, I had two additional questions and then, for fairness, I’ll turn it over. One, can you comment on what you are seeing in the first portion of the second quarter? What are your customers saying about the degree to which they think this volume pickup will be sustained into the second quarter? Recognize there are no guarantees with any of this, so we totally appreciate that.And then on the inventory side, are you comfortable with the level of inventories where they’re at, recognizing they’re lowest they’ve been since the Boise acquisition? Or it’s great that they’ve gotten this low, but you’re uncomfortable with it and you need to rebuild inventory, if in fact demand would allow you to do that in the first place? Thanks, guys. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, let me start off with the inventory question, and then I’ll let you take the first part. As far as inventories go, obviously, I wish we had some extra cushion, but it is what it is. It’s also a high-class problem when you have to run as efficient and hard as we are doing. I found over the decades that our mills run better when they are under duress, shall I say, and there’s a challenge.But no, it’s quite impressive that we are running extremely lean in the inventories. But as you could expect, our 95 box plants nationwide have supported one another. There were times during the last couple of months that we’ve shifted some inventory from one box plant to another to support the needs of their sister box plants.And again, having the full capability of the Wallula mill operating over the last year, that’s given us tremendous flexibility and this whole logistics capability to support the nationwide footprint.So more than ever, having the mill system that we have allows us to run very efficiently even at the new low inventory levels. So - and Tom, why don’t you go ahead and answer the first part of that question on where we are in the marketplace?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Okay. I’d just add, Mark, on the inventory side, one thing that’s really helped us also is the availability of transportation, so that, as this economy really begins to open up and if that becomes under a little more duress, that may impact some of our decisions inventory wise. But as Mark said, it’s amazing. We’re able to run at this inventory rate.Let me just comment a little bit on your first question, George, relative to the customers and kind of what’s going on. I’m just going to give you a quick synopsis, a little bit of what took place, as we saw it in the first quarter and what we see going into the second quarter. Obviously, the first quarter was incredibly busy, high demand, driven primarily by e-commerce and, of course, food and beverage on the retail side of the business.We alluded to the fact that we expect in the second quarter to return to more normalized growth rates, which is what we’re seeing right now. So there has been a more normalization of the pattern, if you will, of demand.However, going into the quarter, as some of the food service sector begins to open up, we expect to see some return of demand in that particular arena. So I would just comment that going forward, as we alluded to in our comments, we’re much more on track for that normalized growth pattern, which is in that 1.5% to 2% range.
George Staphos: All right. Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Of course. Your next question is from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Bob, Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Robert Mundy: Hey, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered - you mentioned this integration rate in containerboard up to 95% now. I’m just curious about what your options are for adding more mill capacity on the existing base? I think you’ve had some - maybe some opportunities at Wallula. I don’t know where you stand with those, maybe opportunities at other mills?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. Mark, as we talked about in the January call, at this essentially full integration we were at that 95% back two years ago to three years ago. We consider that full integration. We’re still selling a little bit out in the open market, a very small amount, going offshore to export. So we do have the ability to pull some of that in over time if that dictates. We do have some room to continue to stretch Wallula as time goes on with some capital investment. And so that hasn’t changed.But I think the bigger story will be, as it was back a few years ago, that we’ll now have to look out and in a much, much broader sense of how we prepare the business for the next three to five years in terms of our containerboard supply.Shorter period of time, we can do what we did a few years ago and buy tons on the open market as we prepare for this future. But we do have some opportunities. We talked about that in the past. And so I’ll just leave it at that. Nothing’s changed. But we feel we’re in a really, really good position right now. And we’re very comfortable with that.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And just a couple of quick follow-ons for Tom Hassfurther. Tom, I wondered if you can just comment on whether you’ve felt any impact in the quarter from some of the mill outages that have taken place elsewhere in containerboard?And then I wondered if you could also just talk about sort of growth runway for PCA in the converting business. You’ve always been a little more niche focused. You’re becoming a bigger and bigger part of the industry. What does the forward runway look like?
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark, the mill outage impact, I mean, we managed around it, let’s just put it that way. There were some trades that were in place that were impacted, that we had to take care of either through our mill system or through other trade partners. So we did incur some additional transportation expenses.But for the most part, again, it kind of goes back to the commentary around inventory, is that’s remarkable how well we did given the circumstances and given the demand that we had in the first quarter and the very short lead times we had to meet. So overall, I mean, it’s just - it was just a great team performance.The growth runway, we’ve - as you see in our capital investments and what we’ve talked about and whether it’s building a new plant at a Richland or a Marshfield, we’ll continue to be guided by our customer demand in those regions of the country, and we’ll continue to provide those opportunities for growth as we see.I’ve said all along, I say, we’re not a build it and hope they will come. We secure the business and then go out and invest the capital. So - and we’ll continue to do that. So I see our growth runway as being very positive. And again, it will be dictated by our customers as much as anything else.
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. Good luck in the rest of year.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Mark. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly of Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Mark, your inventory performance last quarter was pretty stunning, and now they’re down again. How much of that is sustainable? And how much is just sort of dealing with the surge you had to deal with?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, if you look at our plans for the first quarter, we knew we were going to be pushing the envelope on that lower end of the inventory because of the annual outages. We go through that every year to one degree or another. But obviously, with demand strong through the fourth quarter and then demand stronger than we anticipated in the first quarter, we really had to execute well through that period of shutdown time.Now the shutdowns are behind us. The mills are all running well. So we’re able to continue to place tons into our system where we need to. Obviously, we don’t have a lot of extra capacity. And I’ll use the term, we don’t have a lot of margin for error, the mills have to continue to run well now.We have our next planned outage in September at the Tomahawk mill, and then Filer City has no outage this year. We’ll have the No. one machine down in Counce later in the fall, but that will be it.So we have the remainder of May through the summer months into the September period to run well and build up some extra tons where we need to place them within the system.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And then just one more question. When I look at your revenue per ton performance, I didn’t see any of the negative impact that I was or much of the negative impact that I was expecting from the January price cut. Is that consistent with your view? Or did you - do you feel like you sell what you’re supposed to see? Or are we going to see a catch-up in Q2?
Robert Mundy: Yes. Mark, it’s Bob. I’d say we saw what we were expecting, certainly some mix component to some of that, but it was about what we were expecting.
Mark Connelly: Okay. So its sound, looking at next. Very good. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So just a question on - I think in the release, you talked about sources of upside to the $1.20 guidance. One was better mix and price. Just wondering if you could kind of comment a little bit on that. I think Tom was just alluding to it, but wondering about mix and then just within that sort of the volume trends by end market. I think you talked about e-commerce and supermarkets being a little bit better, but wonder if there’s any other end markets that you started to see some weakness as the quarter dragged on, so just kind of mix in general for both pricing and volume there?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don’t you go ahead and handle it.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yeah. Let’s talk about the volume trends first, and then we’ll get back to the mix side of it. But on the volume trends, as I said, the e-commerce and the food and beverage on the retail side in the first quarter, obviously, with some of the panic buying and some of the other things and, of course, consumers quickly changing from going to restaurants regularly to now being at home and to not being travelling or any of those other sorts of things, so that side of the business, I mean, really, really was very, very robust.The food service side of the business, on the other hand, which would be restaurants, hotels, airlines, conventions, all the other - stadiums, all those other areas of food service, that was down dramatically and has and stayed down throughout the quarter. I think they’re seeing some signs of and hope of rebound, obviously, going into the second quarter as the economy begins to open up some.On the ag side of the business, of course, it’s a mixed bag also. You had those ag industries that support the retail side, did very well, those ag industries that support food service. In some cases, we’re applying produce under the fields.The auto sector has been – has obviously been under some duress. I’m talking about aftermarket, primarily. And then, of course, at the towards the end of the quarter, we had some we began to see some weakness on the protein side, meat and pork specifically. That’s COVID related. Lot of things going on in the plants, 2-week shutdowns, things like that, that have gone on in some of those processing plants. So and we expect that to begin to come back.In terms of better mix and price, I mean, on the mix side, yes, the brown volume has been very good, again, driven by that e-com and that food and beverage side. But on the other hand, the display side of the business, the point of purchase display has been relatively weak, and we expect that to remain somewhat weak throughout the remainder of the year.
Brian Maguire: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks for that color. And then just to switch to the paper side of the business. Demand there seems like it’s maybe rebounded a little bit in March for whatever reason, but we’re all expecting a pretty big drop in April with all the offices and schools shut. I don’t know if you can comment on trends you’re seeing there.And I think in the release you said that the Jackson outage, you think, will be enough to take care of what you’re expecting for volumes, but things do continue to come in weaker. Does that just extend the duration of that outage into 3Q, if needed?
Mark Kowlzan: I think everything we’re seeing is what the - what has been reported in the public. The percentage of falloff of demand is pretty close to what the indexes have been indicating. If you would imagine that starting in March, all the school systems throughout North America started to shut down at from the university level down to the kindergarten level. Businesses were sending everybody home to work from home, shelter in place. So there was that big immediate fall off in demand for paper.What we saw a little bit happening through March into somewhat into the early part of April was that there were some channels and some outlets that were still stocking. People’s buying habits changed, people that went home, businesses that were now operating in a different manner were sourcing their cut size, reprographic paper is an example, from different supplies. But we’ve definitely seen the falloff. Now, here is the end of April. And again, I would just refer you to what the publications are saying with demand.Now that being said, with talk about reopening various sectors of the economy in the United States, you could imagine if school systems come back up and run into the fall, schools will be reordering. Businesses that come back up will be continuing to reorder paper as time goes on.So we think where we are, we put ourselves in a good position to manage the inventory. We can manage that up and down. We have that flexibility. And so I’m very comfortable with how and what we’re doing in the paper side of the business in managing to the demand.
Brian Maguire: Okay. The plan at the moment, though, is to restart Jackson, correct?
Mark Kowlzan: Correct.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Randy Toth: Good morning, guys. This is actually Randy Toth sitting in for Anthony.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Randy Toth: Over the – good morning. Over the past couple of quarters, you’ve built a sizable war chest in anticipation of potential economic uncertainty and with nearly $1 billion of cash on hand and the uncertainty now here, how are you thinking about capital allocation? And has the tone of conversations within your M&A pipeline changed at all? If any color there, would be helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: I remember a year ago, in January, I was asked the question when I - I think we probably had $300 and some odd million of cash, and there were some individuals that thought that was a high number. And then we went into the second, third quarter of the year when cash is building up. And I remember the July call last year, when we were somewhere in that $500 million level, and someone asked me, didn’t I think that was too high. And I said, no, I’d let them know when I thought it was too high. Here we are, approaching $1 billion, and I’ll still use that and say, you never have enough cash, especially how I referred to it last year as we live in very uncertain times, well, this is about as uncertain as it gets.So I’m very comfortable with the cash we have. We also are generating healthy cash as we go through this. The capital plans that we have in place are very business growth driven and efficiency driven, and so we feel very comfortable with continuing on with the capital allocation in that manner.And also, as we go forward, with this fortress quality balance sheet, it does give us an incredible opportunity to look at acquisition opportunities that come along and they could be highly accretive in the future. So we can do just about anything that makes sense in the future and go forward in a very comfortable manner.
Randy Toth: Understood. Understood. And then could you just briefly talk about what you’re seeing in April demand for both containerboard and paper, maybe versus March?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, you want to talk about containerboard, I’ll talk about paper?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yeah. The demand is still as I alluded to earlier, I mean we’re returning to more of a normalized growth trend. So demand right now is running 1.5% to 2% in that category, both on paper and on boxes. So that’s about - I’m talking about linerboard medium here, not the paper side of the business.But - so that’s about where we’re running right now. I’d say it’s a much more normalized growth pattern, as we talked about. But I do see some positives as we open up this economy. There’s some opportunities, I think, to improve that as the quarter goes on.
Mark Kowlzan: And then with regard to paper, primarily cut size, again, I’m just going to refer you to what the publications are referring to and what they’re anticipating for the second quarter right now. It seems to be holding up with their predictions of a downturn in demand.
Randy Toth: Okay, understood. I’ll hand it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, just clarifying, that 1.5% to 2% that’s year-over-year, right, for containerboard and box demand as opposed to April v March? I’m sure that’s what you meant?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, yes.
Mark Weintraub: The other just kind of following up a little bit on some of the comments about securing new business in well positioned end markets, et cetera. Maybe if you could provide a little bit more color, and is that additive business, are you trading up? And maybe more generally, if you could provide some thoughts as to the mix of your business, how it positions you in this environment overall?And with one question being, historically, you’ve had more local account exposure than some of the other larger players, which are more nationally driven. How does that play out, do you think? Or are you seeing it play out in this type of environment?
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. I’ll just answer that real quick. We haven’t changed our stripes at all in terms of the type of business we go after or the mix of business that we currently have. It served us very, very well. And I think served us incredibly well during the first quarter.I’ll give you an example of the way we operate. We – at various times, I mean, you’re going to win some business, you’re going to lose some business, you’re going to do some other things. And we happen to, coming into this year, lost a very sizable national account.That’s been replaced with about, I don’t know, 50 to 100 accounts, so which is our niche and more about how we do it. And that’s an example of the hard to do. And of course, that positions us for a lot less risk going forward when that business is spread over a much larger customer base. It also allowed us growth opportunities within all those accounts that we just picked up. And that’s I think that’s the best description of the way we continue to operate and what makes us somewhat unique, I think, in terms of the larger players.
Mark Weintraub: Great. So - and are you - I completely understand your long-term strategy, and it’s been incredibly successful for you, and I expect it will be going forward. I’m just trying to get a sense of, in the current environment, are you seeing a difference? Are the local accounts performing differently at all than the larger national? Are they holding in better? Or they or is it more difficult for them? Or what - if there’s any differentiation you can see, that would be great.
Thomas Hassfurther: I would say, Mark, that it’s more of a mixed bag. Obviously, if you’re big on the e-comm side, you’re going to have very big and large growth, all right, which we’ve participated in. Some of the smaller players there, they’ve done well. Some of them haven’t done as well.Some of the business I’m talking about that perhaps was maybe negatively impacted in the first quarter through COVID and things like that, that chose to close will be reopening coming into the second quarter. So I think there’s some opportunity there. But again, it’s - I think on a macro basis, it’s - there’s a lot of give and take there.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. And also, order of magnitude, how much of your business would you say is directly or indirectly going into food service, which obviously was hit hard, but maybe is starting to see some recovery now?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, we don’t really break out our actual segments and how much of those sales are. But we do have a sizable amount that does go into food service. And that was very negatively impacted, obviously. And we expect it to come back, but it’s going to come back slowly. I mean I just don’t think there’s going to be any return to what we used to consider normal in the short run. It’s going to take a little while to get there.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning. Thank you gentlemen, for taking my question. Mark, I was curious, you mentioned it in your prepared remarks as well as in the press release and talking about demand coming back, maybe even a little bit better than it was before the crisis. And I’m curious if you can elaborate on that comment.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, using that, you have to qualify the time that it takes to get there. And I would expect that for PCA, in particular, we’re an American-based company. We do, again, a small amount of containerboard sales offshore, but we don’t have operations. We produce and sell into the United States with our corrugated products and our paper, primarily here, again, in the United States, a little bit into Canada.But nevertheless, we do believe that we will come back strong as a country, and it’s still the best place to be in the world. And so the caveat is it’s just there’s some time it’s going to take to get there, but I still feel very good that we’re in the right place in the world and in the right products. And we’ve got the platform to take advantage of that.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then maybe, I guess we’ve tried to come out in a couple of different ways on the end markets that you guys serve in the corrugated business. But is there a way that you can give us to think about corrugated intensity for the food beverage that goes through retail versus food service? Intuition would tell me that it’s more intensive to go through the retail channel, but something that you guys have observed through time and a way to think about it?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom?
Thomas Hassfurther: Gabe, let me see if I can take a crack at this. I’m not sure exactly what you’re after. But on the food and beverage retail side, there’s there are two distinctive markets really per se, okay? There’s the - there’s that retail side and then there’s that food service side. And what we’ve - what I’ve learned even through this process from some of our end customers is how unique and different they are.It’s almost like tissue. I mean tissue on the there’s tissue on the retail side, and then there’s tissue on the institutional side. And they’re two completely different businesses and really different products. So you can’t just swing from one to the other. And the same is very true even in the food business and especially related to the ag side of the food business, where you’ve got agricultural accounts that primarily serve the food and beverage retail side.And then you’ve got ag accounts that serve the food service side. And they don’t swing from one to the other. They’re just - they have completely different product lines and supply lines. So that’s one of the big distinctions that we’ve seen here, is that we - obviously, in Q1, we had tremendous demand on that retail side just to keep store shelfs stocked.Now as we get into the second quarter, third quarter and go on and the economy begins to open up, we - the food service side will begin to pick back up. That will and the retail side will come down a little bit. But overall, the net effect of that will be an increase, probably a slight increase in demand, not a decrease in demand.
Gabe Hajde: Okay, thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are well.
Mark Kowlzan: Morning. Thank you.
Robert Mundy: Same to you.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Tom, just one on back to the box demand trends for a moment. So if April is back to kind of a normal trend, I guess my question is, why not provide guidance in that case? Is it something you’re thinking may happen in May and June that you haven’t seen yet? Or is it something perhaps in your backlog for May that you’re seeing? I’m just - because, obviously, you normally provide current quarter guidance. And in this case, you’ve opted not to do so. And you’ve expressed the plan for Paper, taken Jackson mill taking the Jackson mill down for two months.So I’m just trying to understand what kind of drove the decision not to provide guidance if, in fact, your box demand trend seems to be holding up pretty well at the moment?
Mark Kowlzan: Adam, there’s zero upside in us providing any guidance because of the uncertainty that we still live with day to day. Anybody that turns on the TV or watches the news or checks your Internet messaging, what’s coming out of Washington, what’s coming out of the state and local levels is anybody’s guess from day-to-day and hour-to-hour, the Paper business, the demands.So it’s not even worth trying to put a number on that until we finally get some time behind us in terms of normalizing the economy. And so that’s about as simple as it gets. There’s still tremendous uncertainty day-to-day. And Bob, do you want to...
Robert Mundy: Yes, just with - and Adam, as well, with suppliers and services and whatnot, we have no control over what may be going on there. So we can’t be as confident in that we feel good where we are now. But the supply chain, things can happen, and it puts a lot of uncertainty out there.
Adam Josephson: Sure. No, understood. And Mark, just on the free sheet business longer term. Obviously, you’re managing supply now to match demand, and hopefully, things get better on the other side of this with respect to free sheet demand. But longer term, how are you viewing that business? Do you view it as really a cash cow, and you’ve managed it quite successfully since you got it from Boise, and you’ll continue to dothat? Or is it something that you may actually look to get bigger in if the price and opportunity is right?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, we’ve said for seven years that the business has provided us a really good cash flow. We never had to invest an inordinate amount of capital. It’s turned out to be a very good business in that regard. We’ve made no - it is what it is. It is a declining business over time.The decline had flattened out somewhat. We would expect that decline to continue over time in a normalized manner. And at such point in time that it called for, we do have numerous opportunities to take advantage of these remaining assets. That’s all I’ll say about that.
Adam Josephson: Understood. Thanks so much Mark
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] George Staphos [Bank of America] has returned to the queue.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the follow-on. Mark, Tom, given what you’ve seen over the last four to six weeks, maybe longer in terms of COVID and what it changed in terms of consumer demand, ordering patterns and the like, are there any directions, investments in converting, investments generally that you could sort of outline for us that may be now more important, higher priority, again, given what you’ve seen over the last quarter or two? Thanks, guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don’t you go ahead with that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, Number one is, I’m going to reiterate this over and over again, no matter what call we’re on, and that is that our investments are customer-driven. So we tend not to talk too much about that when we when the demand gets to a certain point and we need more capacity, we take care of that capacity, whether it’s at a box plant or at a mill.And we - there’s no question, the patterns have changed dramatically as a result of COVID. I think the patterns will be it’s going to be a long time before the patterns get back to what I’d call the normal that we used to understand, and we’re going to have to adapt accordingly.One of the things that it does cause is it does - we could have - we can have tremendous demand in one region of the country or even a single plant and far less demand in some other plant. And therefore, we have to utilize our resources in a different way, which we do. And sometimes we incur additional cost as a result of doing that, but we take care of our customers.So we’re just prepared to continue to do that. And we’re prepared to look at the market through a very realistic lens and adapt to whatever change needs to take place. That’s about the best I can summarize for you there, George.
George Staphos: Understood. Yes, I was getting really more about process than capacity, but I understand that that’s something you don’t want to get too deeply into. I mean, maybe as a follow-on and recognizing and you wouldn’t be offended if I’d say you’re somewhat biased here. Do you think that the world we’ve been living through in the last quarter or two has, I don’t know, ultimately, long-term assisted, improved the growth outlook for corrugated because we’re all going to be shopping from home to a larger degree, et cetera? Or you think this is more of a one-off and the longer-term secular will be what it was prior to COVID? Again, good luck for the quarter.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, it’s George, it’s hard for me to speculate on that, but I would say that most of the trends are positive for corrugated, okay? Now on the other side of the equation, it’s been a negative for OCC collection, obviously. And we haven’t spent a lot of time talking about OCC, but it certainly has impacted OCC collection.Getting it from the consumer is a lot more difficult, and getting it from the food service sector or the retail sector. And I think that’s going to be a trend that we’re going to be dealing with for quite some time.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. And Shelby, I do believe there are no more questions.
Operator: No, there are no more questions. Do you have any closing remarks, Mr. Kowlzan?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Thank you for joining us today, and everybody stay well, be safe and look forward to talking with you in July for our second quarter call. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.+

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.I'll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and then I'm going to turn it over to Tom and Bob who'll provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions.Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2019 net income of $136 million or $1.43 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $26 million, primarily for certain costs associated with the company's November 2019 debt refinancing which included redemption premiums financing fees and write-offs for unamortized debt issuance costs and treasury lock balances.Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2019 net income was $163 million or $1.71 per share compared to the fourth quarter 2018 net income of $205 million or $2.17 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.7 billion in both 2019 and 2018.Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $335 million in 2019 and $387 million in 2018. We also reported full year 2019 earnings, excluding special items of $726 million or $7.65 per share compared to 2018 earnings excluding special items of $760 million or $8.03 per share.Net sales were $7 billion in both 2019 and 2018. Excluding the special items total company EBITDA in 2019 was $1.450 billion compared to $1.500 billion in 2018. Details of the special items for both the fourth quarter and full year 2019 and 2018 were included in the schedules that accompany the earnings press release.Excluding the special items, the $0.46 per share decrease in fourth quarter 2019 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our Packaging Business segment of $0.57; and Paper segment $0.02; higher operating costs $0.05, primarily due to inflation related increases with chemicals, labor and benefits expenses, repair material costs and other outside service costs.We also had higher non-operating pension expense of $0.02 higher depreciation expense of $0.01 and other costs including start-up related costs at our new Richland, Washington plant of $0.03.These items were partially offset by higher volumes in our Packaging segment of $0.16 and Paper segment $0.01. Lower annual outage expenses $0.04 and lower freight and logistics expenses of $0.03.Looking at our packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter 2019 of $303 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 21% versus last year's EBITDA of $352 million and sales of $1.5 billion or a 23% margin.We continue to run our containerboard system to demand in a very cost-effective manner. Our mill production supplied the necessary containerboard to achieve a new all-time quarterly record for box shipments per day and a new fourth quarter record for total box shipments allowing us to maintain our industry-leading integration rate.Our new box plant in Richland, Washington had an excellent start-up during the quarter and we're now beginning to take full advantage of the benefits from our machine conversion at the Wallula Mill with its flexibility to produce from the heavier weight, high-performance linerboard grades all the way down to the lighter weight high-performance grades. This gives us the capability to further optimize the mix and the inventory levels of the entire containerboard system and provide the type and the quality of board needed for our customers on the West Coast and in the Pacific Northwest and reduced our system-wide freight and logistics costs, which in the fourth quarter alone, provided over $2 million of benefit.For the full year 2019, packaging segment EBITDA excluding special items was $1.3 billion with sales of $5.3 billion or a 22.1% margin compared to full year 2018 EBITDA of $1.4 billion with sales of $5.9 billion or 23.6% margin.I'm now going to turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales in the corrugating business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. As Mark indicated, in corrugated products, we had an all-time record quarterly box shipments per day, which were up 0.7%, compared to last year's fourth quarter as well as a record fourth quarter total shipments, which were up 2.3% over last year. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 6.2% below last year's fourth quarter, while up 3.7% compared to the third quarter of 2019, due to higher export volume.For the full year 2019, we established new annual records for total box shipments and box shipments per day, both up 0.9% versus 2018. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.43 per share lower than the fourth quarter of 2018 and down $0.14 per share versus the third quarter of 2019, due to a less rich mix. Export containerboard prices were $0.14 per share below fourth quarter 2018 levels and down $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019.I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $53 million with sales of $244 million or a 22% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 EBITDA of $52 million and sales of $227 million or 23% margin. We did a good job managing our inventories during the quarter, as we ran the system to demand and reduced our office paper inventories by almost 10% versus the third quarter of 2019.Volumes during the quarter -- or volume during the quarter was better than anticipated at levels above last year as well as the third quarter of 2019 and prices and mix were lower as expected, although slightly better than anticipated as well. Throughout the quarter, the mills [Audio Gap] control over input costs and freight in logistics expenses.For the full year 2019, Paper segment EBITDA, excluding special items was $213 million and sales were $964 million or 22% margin compared to full year 2000 [ph] EBITDA of $165 million with sales of $1 billion or 16% margin. These results are the best we've ever achieved and reflect the hard work and dedication by all employees in our paper business as well as the strategic decision to exit the white paper and pressure-sensitive business at the Wallula Mill back in 2017.I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. We have very good cash generation in the fourth quarter with cash provided by operations of $329 million and free cash flow of $194 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $136 million, common stock dividends totaled $75 million, $31 million for redemption premiums and fees associated with our debt refinancing, $34 million for federal and state income tax payments, pension payments of $4 million and net interest payments of $35 million.In addition, in order to generate higher interest income for a portion of our cash, $146 million moved from cash to marketable securities on our balance sheet during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $679 million of cash on hand or $825 million, if you include the marketable securities.During the quarter we refinanced $900 million of our existing 2.45% notes maturing in 2020 and 3.9% notes maturing in 2022, with new 10 and 30-year notes. This resulted in only a marginal increase in the company's average cash interest rate of just over 0.1% and extend the company's overall debt maturity from 4.1 years to 10.3 years. Gross debt remained unchanged at $2.5 billion.For the full year 2019, cash from operations was a record $1.2 billion. Capital spending was $399 million and free cash flow was a record $808 million. Our final effective tax rate for 2019 was 24% and our final cash tax rate was 19%. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be between $400 million to $425 million.DD&A is expected to be approximately $400 million, pension and postretirement benefit expense of $22 million and we're expecting cash pension and post-retirement benefit plan contributions of $85 million. Our full year interest expense in 2020 is expected to be approximately $81 million and net cash interest payments should be about $84 million. The estimate for our 2020 combined federal and state cash tax rate is approximately 19% and for our book effective tax rate approximately 25%.As we mentioned during the last quarter's earnings call, we have a heavy volume of scheduled mill outages in 2020. In total, we are planning for nine outages this year versus six in 2019. Four of these scheduled outages at three of our containerboard mills and one of our paper mills are planned for the first quarter versus only two outages in last year's first quarter. This will have a negative impact on earnings per share of approximately $0.09, moving from the fourth quarter of 2019 to the first quarter of 2020 and $0.06 per share versus the first quarter of 2019.The total earnings impact of these outages including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs, is expected to be $0.81 per share compared to $0.60 per share for 2019. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2020 is $0.24 per share in the first quarter, $0.17 in the second, $0.13 in the third quarter and $0.27 per share in the fourth quarter.I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move into the first quarter of 2020. In our packaging segment, we expect lower prices as the remaining impact of the published domestic containerboard price decreases from last year worked through the system as well as the negative impact from the recent January decreases in the published prices for linerboard and medium. We also expect lower export prices. Containerboard volumes will be lower due to scheduled outages at our three largest mills during the quarter. But we do expect higher corrugated product shipments.In our paper segment, volumes will be lower due to the better-than-expected levels in the fourth quarter, as well as the scheduled outage we have at our Jackson and Alabama mill. As Bob mentioned earlier, scheduled outage costs will be significantly higher than with the four scheduled in the first quarter versus just one in the fourth quarter of 2019. Freight costs will be higher due to rail rate increases in certain areas and scheduled outage related increases.Labor and benefit costs will be higher with annual wage increases and other timing related expenses. There will be inflation with purchased electricity in most of our chemical and repair and material costs, while seasonally colder weather will increase energy and wood costs. We also expect our tax rate and depreciation expense to be slightly higher. Considering these items we expect first quarter earnings of $1.20 per share.With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Mariana, I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.[Technical Difficulty]
Mark Kowlzan: And so the integration continues -- will continue to aid our margins.
Bob Mundy: Yeah. So maybe -- thanks -- maybe I'll comment a little bit on the consumer integration elements that you touched on. And just the way we look at this is in SBS we have about 40% of our volume that has serve some specialty markets such as tobacco commercial print and liquid packaging. And in those situations we're really specified down to the end user and sell the...[Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I know pricing discussion, we need to avoid too much of a forward look guidance. I don't want to go beyond what you normally are comfortable with. But when we look at the bridge, fourth quarter versus fourth quarter relative to third quarter versus third quarter, there was a bit of an increased amount or a larger negative on price mix and packaging, and I think the third quarter was around $0.36 and it was more like $0.50-plus this quarter.Was that purely the rollover or the continued effect of prior pricing rolling through the contracts? Was there any other effect that maybe we should be mindful of other mix or what have you? And while I wouldn't expect it was that big of a deal, is any of this related to the recycled liner and colony? And I had a couple of follow-ons. Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Hey, George, this is Tom.
George Staphos: Hey, Tom. Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: I'll just tell you that it was -- the price variance was primarily related to the rollover of the price decreases that had taken place through the year. But also as we mentioned it was mix related as well both fourth quarter over fourth quarter and third quarter compared to the fourth quarter. So that's pretty much it on the pricing side. The recycled liner what impact did that have? I mean it's virtually not impactful to us in our businesses as we mentioned before.
George Staphos: Okay. I wouldn't have expected it. I know you might not want to go too much into detail if at all here, but was maybe a little bit less good for you in mix this quarter? Was it just export being up sequentially? Or is there anything else there? And could you give us a quick update on ecommerce?And then my last question I'll turn it over. You mentioned paper volumes were better than expected. Why was that the case relative to what was going on in the market? What do you think was going well for you from a commercial standpoint? Thank you, guys.
Tom Hassfurther: Okay, George. I'd say your question regarding mix. I mean we don't really talk about our mix much. It's obvious that export was up and that that had a dramatic impact and that was -- as far as mix is concerned that was the biggest part of the impact.Ecommerce, ecommerce remains strong. It -- I think as we've talked about before, it's maturing somewhat as a market. So I think as an industry, we've got a much better handle on it. And those sales were up earlier in the quarter than the emergency stuff that we typically would see right at the end of the quarter. Regarding paper volumes, I'll turn it back to Mark real quick.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. The third quarter sales were lower than we had expected, but also if you compare year-over-year, we were on allocation most of 2018. And then we came into 2019 and we're getting back in balance. But again third quarter was lower. And we had a number of key customers pick up their volume significantly during the fourth quarter. So, we can't provide a lot of details on that except to say that obviously we were pleased with the volume that developed.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you very much, guys. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our apologies for the quirks. Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Chip Dillon: Hi. Good morning. Hopefully you guys can hear me okay?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Chip go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Okay. Thanks very much. Good morning. My first question has to do with -- when we think about the downtime you guys are taking quite a bit for maintenance this year. And my guess is there's a lot that -- I think a lot of -- we don't maybe fully understand how much preparation goes into that. And so my question is as you look at the world from say 18 months ago, when the industry was so tight, and now it's a bit looser. Is that affecting the timing of some of this maintenance? In other words, did you have an incentive to kind of push it out a little bit say two years ago, a year and half ago? And now this is a better time to be pursuing some of this work?
Mark Kowlzan: No, Chip. The way our shutdowns fall some of the mills now are on an 18-month rotation. And so there are some years that we actually end up with a skip year on some of the mills and then just the way the boiler work and turbine generator work falls in you end up with a first quarter, such as, what we're describing. So it has nothing to do with meeting demand or managing inventories. It's just basically adhering to our maintenance policies and our requirements to take care of the mill assets.
Chip Dillon: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, if you could update us a little bit on the project to add recycling capability to Wallula. And are you buying recycled board for certain box customers right now? And will that mean you won't be buying recycled board at least in the Western United States as that project ramps up?
Mark Kowlzan: For the first part of the question, we expect to have the OCC plant up and running by the end of the year at Wallula, so that's well on schedule. And then Tom do you want to address the second question?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Chip, we don't buy recycled on the outside market. As we've said, many, many times our customers require a performance-based containerboard which is primarily all virgin. Now, even the recycled project at Wallula is designed to just be able to add some recycling to the furnish it does not change the fact that it will be a virgin board.
Chip Dillon: Okay. All right, super. Very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jessie Brown [ph] on for Mark. Just our first question. You guys are sitting on quite a bit of cash. Can you kind of talk about what your capital allocation is looking like for 2020? And kind of your plans for all that cash?
Mark Kowlzan: The plans haven't changed and we called out the capital down on that lower $400 million level $400 million, $425 million. We still remain in terms of our cash uses we will be opportunistic and that could be share buyback acquisitions and then just capital opportunities in general, but we're quite content with where we are and what the cash is doing. And again, as I said on a few prior calls where we cash a dollar of cash. We're not spending we're certainly not wasting it. So, it will provide good value at the right time.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just one follow-up for me. Are you guys sensing any impact on the export markets from Finnish pulp and paper strike? Thanks. I will turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: I haven't seen anything, Tom do you see anything?
Tom Hassfurther: No, no we haven't seen anything to date no.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Mark, we're accustomed to seeing you build inventories ahead of big maintenance outages. And now you've got a really big maintenance outage and you've actually let inventories go down. So can you talk about your inventory levels and whether you've sort of – are inventory is higher than I think? Or are you just running better in your content with less inventory?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, there are two factors there. When we came through the month of September and we were looking at our plans for 4Q. Obviously, we had to anticipate the startup of the new Richland box plant. And that obviously impacts the Wallula Mill production. So the fact that the Richland box plant was on schedule and started up – and started running extremely well. We had to supply that. Also, our demand across the board for corrugated products, for containerboard outside, some extra export sales required that we had to start running the system to full capacity during the last couple of weeks of September, and that full capacity running mode continued right through the entire fourth quarter.Now part of the equation also is that during the last year, we have also worked diligently across the linerboard system to develop our own what we'll call special grade mix of high-performance virgin kraft linerboard for our own usage. And so it's moving the system into a lighter weight high-performance capability. And so we sold some extra tons.And then tons that would have shown up because you were running an older grade mix would have been a heavier basis weight grade mix that also was part of the equation. But net-net business was obviously good and we continue to supply. We also with the ability of the Wallula Mill we can supply the entire system now in the West Coast.And I mentioned that on the commentary that in terms of the total system inventory requirements and how we look at that need. We also have to consider the fact that you saw boxes on a square foot basis. And so when we look at our inventories now we start to think in terms of square feet of containerboard in our inventory system not just pure tons because of a mix we're dealing with. So it's complicated.But bottom line we ran full out and we're having to run full now into this part of the year. Obviously with the outages that we're facing we come out of these outages as we've always done we're going to have to run very well to continue to supply the demand on the packaging side of the business. That's a long answer to a short question.
Mark Connelly: No, well it's a good problem to have too. You mentioned reoptimizing the whole system with the impact of Richland. How long will it take for Richland to fill up with the right kind of business? And then how long will that reoptimization around the system take?
Mark Kowlzan: We actually started the plant up in November. And as of the first part of January we're running right on plan. Now plant obviously has a ramp-up with our customer base, but we're extremely pleased. The plant as you could imagine is a high-volume highly automated plant, high capacity a lot of flexibility in the plant, but Tom is going to be filling that order book out. Tom, do you want to comment again with just a good start-up and we're really happy with what we're seeing here.
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, I would just say that we're slightly ahead of plan right now and I think we'll be well ahead of plan as the year rolls out and that's about the extent of what I'm going to comment on.
Mark Connelly: Fair enough. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Maguire: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Brian Maguire: Just wanted to come back to earlier questions around the mix. Just wondering why there was an increase in exports in the quarter given obviously those are lower prices and sort of negative what drove the, sort of, shift towards the export market? And maybe if you could just remind us the board you sell externally how many times is roughly going into the domestic market and the export market now?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again as the fourth quarter rolled through we ended up with a lot of the legacy customers. Again, we moved tons probably in the 35 different countries around the world small volumes of these are legacy customers that you've heard us refer to through many years. And we ended up with what we believe was adequate volume in our own domestic system and we were able to satisfy some of these requirements from our legacy customers offshore. And Tom do you want to add to that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. In addition, I'd just say that we typically have higher exports in the fourth quarter. I think in this particular case we had customers who were holding off they were operating on very, very low inventories and became necessary to pick up the pace in the fourth quarter.
Brian Maguire: And the overall integration level still in the sort of low 90s? And I guess within that remaining if it's 8% 9% or 10% kind of its margin is it roughly split between domestic and export or mostly export?
Tom Hassfurther: If you look at the full year as we're starting to look at things we ended 2019 with obviously the Richland box plant coming on as planned. And so when you balance all of that supply and demand we're quickly approaching that 94%, 95% level which as we said a few years ago at 94%, 95% level that's what we consider full integration. And so last year through the first three quarters, we were down in the low 90% range integration, but we've moved up. And so we're going to have to run full this year in order to supply our anticipated order book. So we're in a good place.
Brian Maguire: Okay. That's great. Good luck in the year. Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is open.
Randy Toth: Good morning guys. This is actually Randy Toth sitting in for Anthony.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Randy Toth: In the release, you mentioned running to demand again. And I think in the past that was a direct reference to Wallula now running to design capacity. So my first question is, is that still what that is referencing? And the second question is with Richland coming up the start-up curve, do you think you can start running Wallula full out in 1Q, 2Q? Just how do you think about that? Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We're using that term running to demand in terms of where we are right now that means running full out because we have the demand across our system. With Wallula specifically and where the Richland plant and the West Coast footprint is we're running Wallula to capacity as we speak. We've been running Wallula hard throughout the fourth quarter. And we'll have some opportunity to fine-tune the operations over the next year or two. I've spoken about that in the past year or two as we've always seen on a conversion project like what we've completed out there. Over the following subsequent year or two, you find ways to stretch the machine out. Some of it will be some capital spending. But for the short-term period, right now Wallula is running hard and running full to capacity to meet the demand internally.
Randy Toth: Okay understood. And then with CapEx flat to slightly up year-over-year. Is there any large-scale box plant project that we should know about similar to Richland in 2020? Or just how should we think about that?
Mark Kowlzan: We have numerous projects going on across the system optimization projects. We've got one big corrugator project going on out in the West Coast in the Pacific Northwest region. But we have a lot of projects throughout the 95 box plant system that are the small $0.5 million $1 million projects just debottlecking and taking advantage of the fact that again we've got a good opportunity to supply the customer base and we're taking advantage of that. So there's no one big new plant project like we just finished at Richland for this year. It's just a host of smaller opportunities, which is actually good. It means we don't have a lot of risk on the table.
Randy Toth: Okay, understood. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport. Your line is open.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. A couple of follow-ups. First, just wanted to clarify, I think you indicated that the maintenance outages was going to be $0.81 this year. Was -- did you say that was against $0.60 last year?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And now does that or doesn't include the impact of the reduced containerboard production?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Yes, that's part of it. I think I said in the prepared remarks Mark that it included the tons that are involved with those outages.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. I guess people are trying to figure out the drivers is to the extent of the decline in the 1Q guide versus at least where the consensus numbers had been. And so kind of one of the questions is what besides -- so there's something related, there's some number here related to the outages which is timing related. Is there anything else that you might call out as being more timing related than normal that would be depressing the 1Q number relative to where profitability would typically -- the trajectory typically would be over the course of the year?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark. There are as usual going from the fourth to the first quarter. If you sort of look at the buckets that are of that nature you're describing, certainly, wages and benefits certainly a lot of timing things there as everything resets for a new year. The seasonal usage with the weather-related impacts on wood and energy and chemicals to an extent. And we also this year we have a going from 4Q to 1Q, we have a stock-based comp item of about $0.03 that just because the granting of these options, I mean, these restricted stock units. And what have you historically had occurred in the second quarter, now it's in the first quarter.So you'll see a negative there. But you'll -- obviously that turns back the other way as you move into the second quarter. And obviously, outages based on the guidance I gave, that will improve going into the second quarter.Paper volumes, it's -- we expect that to normalize as we move out of the -- from the Q1 to Q2. And freight, some of that freight was outage related, less able to optimize our system. So when you add all those things together, you could be, pick up $0.15 $0.20 kind of thing, as you move from Q1 to Q2.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, lastly, I noticed that the cash balance went down in the fourth quarter. And given the type of cash from operations I would have expected you to be generating.I guess I would have thought it would have gone up. And it looked like gross debt even with all the refinancing stayed the same. So, can you maybe fill in the blank there?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, the cash, like I said, the -- we moved the $146 million out of what's considered cash on the balance sheet to marketable securities. So…
Mark Weintraub: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: …you really need -- you count that. And then, I think your numbers will work out.
Mark Weintraub: Got it, I am sorry. I missed that. Okay, thanks so much.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. And I apologize, if you touched on this earlier, some time a little bit late. But CapEx, I think you're guiding to $400 million to $425 million.And I'm assuming, embedded within there are some return-oriented projects, the hydro pulper in Wallula. Did you speak at all in terms of any capacity creep or additions that you might be making? Or are these all centered on cost reduction, I'm assuming? But…
Mark Kowlzan: It's primarily, the -- if you think about big projects that we're involved in right now. We've got the new boiler up at Filer City Mill, that's being completed this spring and summer. That's one bigger piece of CapEx.Again, that's a total project cost in that $50 million neighborhood. But for this year, the new projects that we're looking at, as I called out without mentioning specifics is a new corrugator at one of our Pacific Northwest operations.And then, just a host of a lot of the smaller opportunities throughout the converting side of the equation to satisfy what we see as good box, demand growth. And then, the project that Wallula Mill with the new OCC plant.But again, there's a lot of business opportunity for capital spending. And then cost reductions in capital spending.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Bob, just one…
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning,
Adam Josephson: … clarification. Good morning, Mark. Bob, just one clarification on Mark Weintraub's question about the bridge, the $0.15 to $0.20 that you mentioned, is that inclusive of outage cost being $0.07 lower sequentially, 1Q to 2Q?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Adam Josephson: Okay perfect. And Tom, forgive me, if I missed it. Can you talk at all about January demand trends you're seeing just relative to perhaps what you saw in the fourth quarter?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah Adam, right now our January trend is. And we're pretty much through the month we're up 1.5%.
Adam Josephson: That blended, I forget if there's a shipping day difference?
Tom Hassfurther: No, that's not a per-day. That's not a per-day basis,…
Adam Josephson: Okay.
Tom Hassfurther: … 1.5% on a per-day basis.
Adam Josephson: Thanks, Tom.
Tom Hassfurther: Okay, next question.
Operator: Your Next question comes from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Mark Wilde: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Tom, just following on that last question that is up 1.5% in January, how much would that have been helped by the Richland startup?
Tom Hassfurther: It's slightly helped by the Richland startup, Mark. I don't have the exact breakdown but I mean it's going to be relatively small in this January number. And -- but as the quarter rolls on it will become more important to us.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then Mark, I wondered if we can just come back to Wallula and that OCC system you're putting in. It seems like when that's up and running, you're going to be long a lot of fiber at that mill. I know one of the plans might be to just kind of creep the volume on the paper machines over time, but can you just help us understand how you plan to optimize between the existing virgin pulp mill and all this additional recycled fiber?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. Keep in mind that the Wallula facility is our highest cost fiber basket in the Lower 48 states. And so the OCC and some of the DLK we currently use really will give us the ultimate fiber flexibility to take advantage of the marketplace on the entire fiber basket in that Pacific Northwest region.And so, it truly will give us an opportunity to really satisfy the mill requirements. And also, keep in mind, we do anticipate over the future years of ramping up the Wallula number three capability. We have some opportunity that does require some capital, but we're quite satisfied with where we are right now on a machine productivity, and so it's a matter of just finishing up this project. The OCC plant is, again, it's a 1,000-ton a day design system, but it will give us truly some great opportunities to optimize the fiber cost at that location.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just one other little one on that. So if you pivot more toward recycled fiber there do you also have to spend some more capital just putting in more boiler capacity to kind of complement that OCC system?
Mark Kowlzan: No. No, we've got plenty of boiler capacity at the mill.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Mark Kowlzan: Mariana, thank you very much, and we appreciate everybody attending the call today. We look forward to talking to you in April regarding the first quarter results. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning. And thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs the packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.I'll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results and then I'm going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob who provide more details. After which I'll wrap things up and would be glad to take any questions.Yesterday we reported third quarter net income of $180 million or $1.89 per share, which included $0.02 per share of special items expenses. Excluding the special items third quarter 2019 net income was $182 million or $1.92 per share compared to the third quarter 2018 net income of $211 million or $2.23 per share.Third quarter net sales were 1.8 billion in 2019 and 2018. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding the special items was $364 million in 2019 and $406 million in 2018. Excluding special items third quarter 2019 earnings per share of $1.92 was $0.31 per share below the third quarter of 2018 driven primarily by lower prices in mix of $0.36 and volume $0.03 in the packaging segment and the lower volume in our paper segment of $0.03.A richer mix and our box plans as well as higher labor and repair expenses contributed to higher converting expenses of $0.06 and we have higher operating and other costs of $0.03. These items were partially offset by higher prices and mix in our paper segment of $0.09, lower annual outage expenses of $0.09 and the lower freight and logistics expenses, $0.02.Looking at the packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter of 2019 of $325 million, with sales of 1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $378 million and sales of $1.5 billion or 25% margin.Our container board mills operated in an efficient and cost effective manner as we continue to balance our supply with current domestic and export demand, while optimizing our container board footprint to minimize freight and logistics costs across the system.We finished the quarter with inventory 51,000 tones below last year, and 30,000 tones below the previous quarter. In addition, we maintain our industry leading integration rate by supplying our box plants with the necessary container board to establish new shipment records.I'll now turn it over to Tom who'll provide more details on the container board sales and our corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. As Mark indicated our corrugated products plants establish new records for quarterly box shipments per day as well as total third quarter shipments, both of which were up 1.9% compared to last year's third quarter. In spite of the significant business loss we incurred at Sacramento Container due to the purchase of two large sheet customers by another integrated.Outside sales volume of container board was about 26,000 tones below last year's third quarter as we ran our container board system to current domestic and export demand and supplied the increased needs of our box plants. Domestic container board and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.23 per share below the third quarter of 2018 and down $0.20 per share compared to the second quarter of 2019.As we have mentioned previously, the majority of the impact from the published index price decreases early in the year would be reflected in our third quarter results. Export container board prices were down $0.13 per share compared to the third quarter of 2018 and down $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of 2019.Now I'll turn it back to mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at the paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $58 million with sales of $243 million or 24% margin. This was compared to third quarter 2018 EBITDA of 44 million and sales of 254 million or 17% margin. Our seasonally stronger cup size and printing and converting volumes were higher than the second quarter levels as well as slightly above the third quarter of 2018. The average price and mix for our paper volumes during the quarter were about 6% above last year.However, our average price and mix was about 1.5% below the second quarter of 2019, which was less of a decline than indicated by the published industry index prices. Obviously, overall paper segment volume and revenue were below last year's third quarter due to the exit from the white papers business at our Wallula mill. We continue to improve our profitability and margins in the paper segment in part by having exited this business at Wallula rather than continuing to allocate people and capital resources to it.I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. We had very good cash generation in the third quarter with cash provided by operations of $340 million and free cash flow of 247 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of 93 million, common stock dividends totaled $75 million, $46 million are federal and state income tax payments, pension payments of 49 million and net interest payments of $4 million. We ended the quarter with $738 million in cash on hand.Finally, our planned annual maintenance expense for the fourth quarter is unchanged from our previous guidance, which reflects a negative impact of $0.06 per share moving from the third to the fourth.I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Bob. Looking ahead as we move from the third into the fourth quarter in our packaging segment, corrugated product shipments with one less shipping day should be slightly lower. Container board sales volume will be lower as we continue to run to demand and work towards building some inventory prior to the year end in preparation for the first quarter of 2020 scheduled maintenance outages at our three largest container board mills, which will significantly reduce our production early next year.We expect slightly lower prices as the remaining impact of the published domestic container more price decreases from earlier this year, work through our system and lower export prices. We also expect a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products compared to the third quarter as the produce business in the Pacific Northwest as well as the display and high end graphics business for the holiday period normally falls off during the quarter.In our papers segment volumes are expected to be seasonally lower along with lower average prices. With anticipated colder weather, energy costs will be slightly higher and we expect certain other operating and converting costs to be higher as well. These higher costs include approximately $0.03 per share associated with the startup of our new Richland, Washington box plant during this quarter. Finally, as Bob mentioned, scheduled maintenance outage costs should be higher than the third quarter. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $1.70 per share.Happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward looking statements.And with that Vetenia [ph], can we please open the call for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Mark Kowlzan: Go ahead, Chip.
Chip Dillon: Yes, thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Chip, you're cutting out.
Operator: It seems as if Mr. Dillon's line may have disconnected. And your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Mark you made some comments just around the seasonality and less rich mix into the fourth quarter the one – fewer shipping day obviously. Just wondering if you could comment on what you've seen so far in October on shipments and sort of related to those comments, any early thoughts on the holiday ecommerce season that a lot of discussion about that and how SIOC and some of the changes in Amazon, Frustration-Free packaging might impact the fourth quarter volume, just any early thoughts on that?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Tom why don't you go ahead and get him that color.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Brian, through 15 days we're starting out October 2% ahead of a year ago, so we're off to a good start in October. Regarding ecommerce, I think ecommerce will have a strong fourth quarter. Again, as mentioned previously, you're now comparing ecommerce and total with ecommerce of the past and it's not a mature market totally yet, but it has certainly has matured over the years. So we expect an uptick, but not to the degree it was when it was in its infancy and it was growing at double digit rates. I think Frustration-Free and SIOC are having minimal impact at this point in time. I think it'll be more so starting next year as we continue to develop that for Amazon, specifically. And as I said previously, I think that plays to PCA's strengths very well, especially the SIOC piece where it's much required for performance, design based, transportation based, those play very well into our strengths.
Brian Maguire: Okay, great. Just one, one last one for me, I think you were already asked a little bit about this on the last call, just broadening new recycling index, just now that it's rolled out. Any thoughts on how customers might react to that looking into maybe create down to the lower quality recycles board or maybe for environmental sustainability reasons, maybe having a preference for recycle packaging, just to highlight that it's mere recycle paper. I know you're mix of the customers is a little bit different than the general market. So maybe you're a little bit more immune to it. But just thinking overall, like what impact if anything do you think that this new index could have?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Brian, this is Tom again. The index has had virtually no effect on us. As mentioned previously, it's a very different product. It's not performance based, it's not a lot of the other things that we sell to the open market plus there's not a lot of availability. So I think that there are a lot of reasons why it's had virtually no impact.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: All right, thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Hi, good morning. Again, sorry about the technical difficulties.
Mark Kowlzan: Go ahead, Chip.
Chip Dillon: Yeah, first question is on the maintenance again, how does it look next year, quarter-by-quarter versus what it looks like this year?
Bob Mundy: Yeah, Chip. That's something we will talk about on the next call, regarding next year's guidance.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Okay. And then I don't know if you gave us a year end debt level – I'm sorry, the quarter end debt level. Did that change at all from the second quarter?
Bob Mundy: Yeah, we were down – our net debt was a bit above 1.7 billion. And leverage is sort of in between that 1.1 and 1.2 times.
Chip Dillon: Which means the gross debt did not change, got you.
Bob Mundy: Gross debt did not change.
Chip Dillon: Okay, that's very helpful. And then the third question I had was just quickly is if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the export markets at least in terms of – it looks like we've seen another leg down in October, at least in Europe. And do you think that some people out there are getting close to a point where they might take some downtime and maybe even over in those markets, just because it seems like there's not a whole lot to gain by continuing to supply these markets?
Tom Hassfurther: Chip, this is Tom, I'll take that question regarding export markets. Yeah, we did see another trickle down in price here just recently, but I think that we're getting at or very near the bottom, given the reaction, I think to the marketplace on this last one. So I think your thesis is pretty close.
Chip Dillon: Okay, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi, everyone. Good morning. I just wanted to perhaps get at the paper performance, which was a lot better than what we were looking for. Mark, could you parse perhaps what the – a little enough being in there meant in terms of the earnings bridge and any other factors, if not to the dollar, just key buckets in terms of the year-on-your performance in the pay per segment?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, a lot of it has to do with just the overall performance of operationally and then just where we are in the marketplace with that business. As I said before, we worked very hard of the last six years to take cost out of that business and then exiting Wallula in particular in the –finally exiting completely year-over-year lapping that has helped again with the entire cost structure of the business. And again, we're just very pleased with where the sales held up and don't forget, we talked about this over the years that one of the strong suits in that business is the legacy Boise logistics capability and the value proposition that that logistic capability brings to the equation so again nothing different. We're very pleased with business and volumes been in a good place for us.
George Staphos: Okay. Congratulations on the performance there. In packaging, I mean, just want to get at vertical integration by our calculations. Vertical integration probably moved up a couple 100, 300 basis points in the quarter. Could you comment to that effect? Could you comment where vertical integration is for you right now? And if you would prefer not to give a percentage, how far off are you in basis points from where you'd like to be optimally?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer it this way. We're, you know, we're currently in the low 90s as we've been talking this year. We're getting ready to start up the new Richland box plant. As that ramps up on the curve into next year, we fully expect to see. If the marketplace holds up as we are looking at the world, we would be starting to approach the mid-90s, where we were a couple of years ago, as the year unfolds next year. I don't want to give any specific numbers, but that's how we're looking at things.
George Staphos: Okay, I appreciate that Mark. Last one for me, and I'll turn it over. As you look at 2019, obviously, it hasn't been as full of a year perhaps, as had been 2018, at least through the first half. But in years that maybe aren't as strong from a demand standpoint, there are other things that are coming like PKG would do to improve the earnings profile and years ahead. Obviously, Richland is one of the things that you're doing. What other key initiatives do you have right now to improve the performance of the business which remains good, in a more – in a stronger environment? And what are you doing in particular on the converting side to the extent that you can comment relative to the continued growth of ecommerce in terms of a channel, what are you doing in terms of printing or converting to the extent that you can comment there? Thank you, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, I'm going to start that off and then I'm going to let Tom finish up. But across the board, we're continuing to look at opportunities to take costs out. We mentioned earlier this year that with the big projects completed at DeRidder and Wallula. On the conversions, we've taken the engineering and technical resources and we're deploying them companywide now into the corrugating converting operations. And that's also allowing us to observe and see some new opportunities that we're able to go forward with. In addition, the annual hiring of new engineers will begin to place engineers into the box plant operations. But overall will continue to drive cost and volume opportunities in that side of the business with the effort we have. Tom, do you want to add to it?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, George, I would just add that, as you all know, we take a pretty long-term approach to our business. And we make investments at times when there can be slow periods. This is one of them, where the demand hasn't been incredibly robust. It's been okay, but not robust. And we're making some significant capital investments, we're doing some things that are – will position us for the long haul. And it's a good time to be doing that because as business does ramp up, there's demand does ramp up and we go through a little bit higher growth period. We're able to absorb that. So the W3 machine is a good example of that where we built some runway in terms of tones and we're doing some of the same thing in the box plants.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks. I will turn over. Thank you, Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde be with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark, Tom, Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Mark, just to start off, you've been talking more on reason quarters about really just running to demand and I wondered if you could just share a few thoughts on what the most effective strategies have been for throttling back production and running the demand. What are kind of the key elements there?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, with the capability at Wallula now, we've been able to rebalance that whole system and without shutting machines down we've been able to throttle back and that gives us the ability again to adjust in real time as the market dictates, as customer requirements flow through a quarter or we're much more nimble in how we service that market, but at the same time, it's given us a lot more confidence in how we manage our inventories. And if you think about the year-over-year inventory being down 50,000 tones in the second quarter, third quarter inventory being down 30,000 tones, that ability now to truly work the mill system is dictated by the demand is truly paid off for us and we now have that nationwide coverage of container board supply and we're taking advantage of it.
Mark Wilde: Okay, and then I just want to turn to this growth in recycled container board. It seems like some of the new mills and a number of the new machines are running a really high portion of mixed waste and with mixed waste being somewhere near zero right now that's definitely a cost advantage from. I wondered if you or Tom could talk a little bit about the puts and takes that using a container board product with a lot of mixed waste and it would involve? What is it good for and what can't you use it for?
Mark Kowlzan: Well again, mixed waste generally speaking, the fiber quality from a strength point of view is not anywhere near what you would expect with craft or OCC or VOK. Also, the contaminant level is significantly worse traditionally, unless you're getting sorted office paper, but again, the overall performance characteristics are much lower than traditional container more fiber furnishes. And so it's not that you cannot use some of that, but it's in very limited applications. And again we don't use mixed waste.
Mark Wilde: Okay, it just – going back to kind of Brian's question, is including more recycled content or bored in the mix is that something that would be interesting to you over the next say three to five years.
Mark Kowlzan: As matter of fact, one of the projects we just had approved at the board level in August was for a new OCC plan to be built at the Wallula mill starting next year and we hope to have it online by the end of the year. It's a 1000 ton a day OCC project that will provide the plant all the necessary recycled fiber and will have – as we've used this word before many times, the ultimate fiber flexibility at Wallula where fiber is our most expensive in terms of the mill system. So we're going to take advantage of the availability of the OCC and take advantage of it on the machines. And so Tom, do you want to add to that – about the opportunities?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I'll just answer the last part of your question there, Mark. And that is to our customers asking for 100% recycled. Occasionally they do, but once they get the education and understand that in order to run this closed loop system that we have, it has to start with Virgin. Everybody understands that, everybody knows that. So I think that they're much more sensitive to performance based and what it does for them and how the box performs for them and delivers at a cost effective way. More so than saying I have to have 100%. OCC, they understand if all customers said that we wouldn't have a system anymore of closed loop. That material degradates very fast and over a period of time. So that's essentially where we are and that's why I think that this whole recycled line of board discussion is somewhat muted, at least, regarding PCA. A little more on that project, we're looking at that again as an opportunity for cost reduction. And the supply in that whole region if you go out to the coast and down to the inner Mountain region, we've identified our sources and so again, we expect to have that project Online by the latter part of next year.
Mark Wilde: Okay, thanks, Mark. Thanks, Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connolly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Mark, you've said that Wallula has an unusually wide range of mix without having the efficiency hit that we usually see. Has that mix of business so far stayed within your expectations even as the markets gotten softer? And is Richland going to change the great mix that you're producing there?
Mark Kowlzan: No, it's worked out quite well. As we had planned on two years ago, the Wallula mill, in order to be successful had to produce the heavier weight, high performance grades, all the way down to the lighter weight, high performance grades. And we've been doing that all year. And so we obviously have not been running the mill up to its full capacity. But if Richland comes on, we'll be able to take full advantage of that remaining capacity. And we're very pleased with the quality. We're very pleased with the flexibility of the machine in terms of the heavyweight, high performance down to the lightweight high performance. So it gives us ultimate flexibility to provide the Pacific Northwest and the West Coast with all the board we need.
Mark Connelly: That's great. And just one more question. You've talked about the strategic importance of your export partners, but has that strategic importance of export markets changed as your system has grown and diversified?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, keep in mind that probably 30 plus years, 40 plus years we've had this legacy, customer business around the world, probably 36, 38 different countries. Tom, you want to add to that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, I would just say Mark that it remained strategic from the standpoint of these are long, long term customers have been with us a long time. The grades are very good fit. The seasonality is a very good fit. There are a lot of things that go into the equation, but they still remain strategic.
Mark Connelly: Super, thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, Mark, Tom, Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, you made a comment about some outage plans for next year. So I'm going to take that as the end. Can you quantify any sort of lost production tones that occurred here in 2019? And maybe, I guess, hear contrast that to what you're expecting for 2020? And really, the nature of the question is, in 2018, seemed like the industry was running full tilt. Coming into '19 things were throttled back a little bit. And my impression was that you guys had taken a little extra time to do some other maintenance projects around the mills such that 2020 you could run a little bit harder, but it sounds like from your comment that you guys have a pretty heavy maintenance schedule again in 2020, so just trying to understand that.
Mark Kowlzan: No, we didn't take any inordinate downtime this year to do any extra work. We executed our normal planned annual outages. And then, again, taking advantage of the Wallula capability now we're able to truly supply all of our demands in the container board side of the business with our six mill system and truly run to demand, and that capability has allowed us to really move the inventory levels down to a much more comfortable level with that capability. That being said, we will continue to run to demand.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. And then I guess, trying to understand customer dialogue a little bit here, not obviously trying to get anything specific, but just how are conversations going into – I guess our folks looking for a little bit more efficiency from their suppliers. I mean, when things start to slow down or I guess I should say when things are going well, maybe folks don't dial in as much on the cost side. But now things are that they're a little bit slower. Is it a more of a conversation around costs or efficiencies on the converting side?
Mark Kowlzan: We don't generally talk about customer specific activity. And you can only imagine, again, part of our proposition our value proposition is just that we provide tremendous value for our customers in many ways.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Randy Toth: Good morning, guys. This is actually Randy Toth fitting in for Anthony.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning Randy.
Randy Toth: Good morning. Over the past couple of years, you've done some impressive things on the hillside with the DeRidder and Wallula and then this year, I think you focus more on the box plant side with Richland and Wisconsin amongst others. Would it be fair to say that CapEx could step down in 2020 given all the work has been put in over the past couple of years?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, without answering that we'll give you a better assessment in January, when we have the January call. Just keep in mind that we will be able to take advantage of opportunities as we see fit. And so just rather answer that way that whatever opportunities we deem as true opportunities, we have the ability, we have the cash on hand, we have the resources to execute and so we're in a good place in that regard.
Randy Toth: Okay, that's fair. I guess, coming at it from a different angle. You've been using your internal technology organizations to improve your box plant system for a couple of quarters now or at least you've been looking at it. What inning would you say that process is in? Are we still first a second inning or is Richland and the other projects in Wisconsin, is that a decent chunk of what you expect?
Mark Kowlzan: It's in the first minute or the first inning.
Randy Toth: Okay, that's fair.
Mark Kowlzan: Which mean we have tremendous runway opportunity over the future years to continue to build out that side of our opportunity and much the same way we did in our mills 25 years ago.
Randy Toth: Understood, understood, that's very helpful. And then just switching gears quickly, I know you just announced the new OCC plant at Wallula. Historically, I think your recycled fiber mix has been somewhere around 15% to 20%. In your opinion, is there a natural limit to where that could go while still maintaining the performance that your customers expect from you? Or just how you think about that?
Mark Kowlzan: We don't have any current plans to move that significantly within our legacy mill system. But we do have the flexibility to ramp up and down at any given container board mill, but again there are limits as we call that over the years. So again, with the exception of the Wallula project, the remaining legacy mills will remain in the same range they've been in terms of OCC utilization VOK utilization.
Randy Toth: Okay, but that's all I'll turn it over. Thank you, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First on the box demand side, you were up close to 2%. In the just ended quarter you suggested that's how October is running. I think that previously you also indicated that the Sacramento related business loss was about a 1.5% drag. So is it fair to say that you're kind of in an environment where you might expect to – once you lap the Sacramento business be growing at about a 3.5% type rate? Is that a fair way to look at it?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, let me start that and Tom can give you some color. Obviously, I'm not going to speculate on what volume is going to do next year. I'm just saying we're in a much better place. And, again, you mentioned the keyword wit laps as of the December period we will be coming up on the year that that businesses exited and so into next year it's a different metric. But again, it all depends on what the demand looks like and so I can't speculate on it. Tom you want to add anything?
Tom Hassfurther: I've got nothing else to add here.
Mark Weintraub: And then Bob, when you're – you mentioned, you said something about developing for Amazon, when related to the SIOC conversation, and I just – was that a Packaging Corp specific comment? Was that an industry comment and if that's a Packaging Corp specific comment, can you provide any more color on what we were supposed to kind of take away from that that mentioned?
Bob Mundy: Mark what I would say is I would say that we are on the Amazon team to help develop SIOC and help work on that and help define what that is and help meet the objectives that Amazon has. So we're actively involved both with Amazon and with our direct customers as well as some prospects and developing that SIOC program. So I'm making a comment regarding PCA. And, obviously, this is an industry initiative as well.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then just for this year capital spending, to the first nine months it's running about 264. I guess it seems to me unless you're going to spend a whole lot of money in the fourth quarter, you're probably going to come in lighter than what I had previously anticipated. Any update on what your CapEx for 2019 is likely to come out at?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Mark says good observation. We called through the July call probably would be a little over 400 million in the summer period, we're able to reassess some opportunities and we shifted gears. That's basically how the Wallula projects came about. And so that gave us the opportunity to pull back on some of the capital, so we're going to be lighter than the original estimate, probably not over 400, but somewhere below that, but again, we're shifting gears on some of these opportunities. But I think it's worth calling out that in PCA's tradition we have that ability to step back and reassess what's the right thing to do with our dollars? And again, it was a summertime period of reevaluating what the opportunities looked like what the best opportunities were for us. And so we, we shifted some things around. So it's just a timing issue.
Mark Weintraub: So is it that we'd expect that the spend to flow into next year or is it – or maybe a bit more color? Are there other options that are under consideration potentially that obviously you can't speak to necessarily, but that can play into it? Or I guess the third alternative would be if you were and I think it's unlikely, but if you were less confident on where your cash flows, your cash flow generation on a go forward basis any help you can give us well with?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, without giving you the exact capital number. The Board approved in August two big projects at Wallula mill, one being the OCC project and the other being a new wood yard project. And so that spend, although not all of it next year, some of it will roll over into 2021. But a good portion of the spend will start next year on these two big projects at Wallula, but those are two high return projects. So again, we reserve the right to be able to move the capital up and down, but within a range of somewhere that we've been and that we're comfortable with. Part of what we're doing is we are making sure that all these projects that we do that we are doing the engineering; we're managing the projects ourselves and we are maintaining take control of these project executions. And so that gives us the optimum return.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, thanks so much.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Steve Chercover: Until the end of 2017 you guys were pretty voracious acquires of converting capacity. But since Sacramento, you've kind of taken your foot off the gas, and I'm just wondering has anything changed philosophically? Or is it perhaps the valuation perspective?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me comment on that. And then Tom can add to that. Part of it's the opportunities that exist and what you're paying for that opportunity. So again, we're pretty judicious in how we evaluate those opportunities and pretty particular about the opportunities we would be attracted to. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: I would just add that we've been incredibly disciplined in our acquisition strategy. It's been a – it's just been a very specific approach. The opportunities are less today as the – especially as the independent market has shrunk so dramatically. So are there a few opportunities out there? Yes, we explore every opportunity that we think makes sense. We just haven't found any – that fit that absolutely fit our criteria that we're looking for. So it's still a very important part of our strategy and we'll continue to look and explore every opportunity and those that make sense we'll move forward on. That's the best I can say.
Steve Chercover: Okay, thanks. And just a quick follow on I guess on ecommerce which is still growing maybe not as fast and SIOC is an interesting development. But as people try and diminish the overall packaging, we've seen plastic poaches kind of reemerge and I don't think that's very environmentally friendly at all. Do you guys have any capabilities or do you foresee any benefits of migration towards craft paper or craft sacks?
Tom Hassfurther: We're not obviously in the craft sack business. But I think there are corrugated opportunities that are coming about as a result of consumers really moving away from plastics, understanding what that does to the environment. And in many cases, we've got a lot of ecommerce and we talk about Amazon all the time with regard to ecommerce, but virtually everybody who manufactures anything and sells through a retail environment is in some form of ecommerce today. And they're all saying the same thing. And that is that many of the consumers don't want to receive their products either in plastic pouches or some other form of plastic container and even in the SIOC program there's a lot of discussion about taking plastic out of the primary package. So I think your premise is correct and I think there are opportunities for the corrugated industry going forward regarding this potential opportunity in ecommerce.
Steve Chercover: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with Adam KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Good morning. Thanks, everyone for taking my questions. I appreciate it. Tom, you commented in respond to a question in the last call about the trend of – the quarter starting out quite strong and then slowing toward the end of the quarter. And it seemed like 3Q is much the same. I think he said in July Europe 5.8% in the first couple weeks and for the full quarter Europe a little under 2%. Can you just reiterate why you think you're saying these patterns? And do you expect 4Q to be similar to what you've seen over the past however many quarters along those lines?
Tom Hassfurther: Adam, it's impossible to predict exactly what's going to happen with our 18,000 plus customers. But I think the trend is because our customers are keeping their inventory so low and in check that in the quarter, they – beginning of the quarter, they replenish the inventories to some extent. And by the end of the quarter they perhaps are running them down because as you know the economy is such that it's quite unpredictable. It's not robust, if you will. And I think our customers are managing their cash, their inventories, everything very close to the west. And so do I expect the same thing to happen in the fourth quarter? Well, the fourth quarter is pretty – it's a little more predictable in terms of holidays and all the other things that occur starting Thanksgiving and rolling into Christmas. So I would be surprised if the level stayed at this level, but I still think the fourth quarter will be pretty solid.
Adam Josephson: And just to be clear on the third quarter, did you see the same sort of thing that did trend slow toward the very end?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, it slowed down somewhat towards the end. Yes.
Adam Josephson: Okay, and then thanks Tom. And just Bob one on the bridge for 4Q, I know you mentioned maintenance would be a $0.06 drag and obviously you're guiding to $0.22 overall, so that leaves 16. Can you roughly talk about the other factors, lower prices, lower volume, weaker mix, higher costs? Can you just give us a rough sense of what each of those – you expect each of those to be?
Bob Mundy: Well, and obviously, those are, those are the categories that we pointed out. But we never have given specific numbers for those different buckets. So just have to go with our comments for now.
Adam Josephson: Okay, and then I think you said on the next call, you'll talk about what maintenance will be by quarter. It sounds like 1Q will be a particularly heavy maintenance quarter. Is that the right way to think about it?
Bob Mundy: Well, I'll just say that we do have our – as we said in our I think in our earnings release, we have our three largest containable mills with annual outages in the first quarter. So that does point to a lot of work going on then.
Adam Josephson: Yeah. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical.
Chip Dillon: Hey, thanks for taking my follow up. I just want to make sure I have this straight. You all are putting in some OCC capability at Wallula and I know there's another organization trying to raise money to build a recycle mill in Utah and you all I think have the most box converting presence in that state. Would the Wallula mill pretty much take care of all the recycle needs you would have for that for your box plants if they need it a new recycle board in Utah.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Chip, as we were analyzing this project opportunity, again, we have looked at from the Intermountain Region all the way up to the Pacific Coast, all of our supply opportunities and so we feel confident we've got discussions ongoing and, in some cases, locked in with where the supply will come from. So we're very confident and again the project is ongoing and we're pushing ahead, full speed with getting this executed for next year.
Chip Dillon: Okay, and then just quickly also, no one, I believe is asked about the white paper business and $48 million in one quarter was I think your best performance and one of the best you've had since the Boise deal six years ago. And was there anything unusual in the third quarter whether it was just super good performance or is this sort of a decent baseline to think about as we go ahead and obviously, we factor in maintenance, we factor in price and volumes from here?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, keep in mind we did not have an outage in third quarter this year. And again, there was – the seasonal volume was there. But again, a part of it is just it's a, I'm going to use the word it's a tiny little business for us. It's the two mills the Jackson mill and the I Falls mill and we've got this great nationwide distribution capability. So we've got a very good customer base. And the logistics capability is very valuable to that proposition. And so if you can understand that we will have outages scheduled for next year. At some point in time during this quarter, you'll have these big puts and takes of outage cost impacts but net and net it remains a good business for us. Bob, you want to say anything?
Bob Mundy: No, I agree. It's just the cost structure and I think there's – it's just – they continue to do an outstanding job of just managing the cost Chip and turning as many costs as possible into variable type costs as opposed to fixed and things like that. And it just continues to – they continue to do just an outstanding job.
Chip Dillon: And lastly, on volumes, I mean, there's been a lot of moving pieces with the imports up, but a lot of capacity removed and one competitor actually leaving the market. As you look into 2020 and 2021. Do you see anything, any step functions in the demand side or should it continue to be hopefully flattish or maybe just decline slightly or do you see something different than that?
Bob Mundy: Well, if you read the index and information what the trade is saying, obviously, they predict the continuing market demand destruction over time. But yeah, we've been dealing with that for better part of a few decades now. So we just have that ability to manage that. Our volume will run to the market demand. And that's about all I can really say. We have the ability to flex that capability a little bit and we also – again, it allows us to the move within the customer base we choose to be with him.
Chip Dillon: Okay, thank you very much.
Bob Mundy: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Hey Mark, I wanted to just come around at the cash balance, which is about three quarters of a billion dollars right now, would you be comfortable kind of continuing to build cash for at least the next two or three quarters?
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to talk about too far out. We're comfortable where we are right now. We'll use some of the words we've used this year in terms of – we still are living in uncertain times. We feel it's very prudent for us right now to remain very conservative on how we treat that cash. It gives us utmost optionality in how we take advantage of that cash. And I said this on the July call with every dollar of cash sitting on hand is not being wasted. And so we reserve the right to allow that to continue on for the time being. But it gives us tremendous opportunities in the future to create shareholder value as we have done many years over.
Mark Wilde: Yeah, look, Mark, you've been great capital allocators over time. I think everybody can see that. I'm just kind of curious. It's a big position. I mean, this is obviously more cash than you need to buy a couple of box plants. So can you give us some sense of sort of what types of situations might be interesting and whether there's been any change in the types of things you're willing to consider? Historically, you said you didn't want to go offshore, you didn't want to go to Mexico; you didn't want to go to Europe, any change in those positions.
Mark Kowlzan: No changes in that position of being offshore. We are American based and we will continue to be American based. Again, I just have to believe we're going into an election year next year, we have a lot of uncertainty in the world around us and so this cash gives us tremendous opportunity, no matter what happens in the future.
Mark Wilde: Okay, that's fair. Again, I think if you look at your track record over the last 20 years, it speaks pretty clearly. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, I think we've got time for at least one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Thanks for taking the follow up. I'll try to make it brief. In the press release and I think in prepared comments, you talked about running to demand, but also trying to build some inventory in anticipation of maintenance next year. Is there anything specific you want us to take away from that?
Mark Kowlzan: No, again, just as we look at the outages next year and if we assume a certain demand which you have to build a model, whether or not that's what happens in the world. But if we assume, we're going to take these outages next year, and what the implication is on the tons that we're taking down for the first quarter, you have to – and also, you're dealing with winter weather phenomena, which is a big uncertainty throughout the country and what that can do to transportation. So you certainly have to have somewhat of an increased inventory to supply the demand and the box plants while you're taking these mills down. So we're just saying that there's some number that we're going to move up from the end of the third quarter and get a little bit more comfortable as we end December and go into January. We're not going to call that number output, but it will be so much higher than we ended 3Q.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you, Mark. Good luck.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Again we got time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for fitting me in. I'll be quick. Just a quick question on ecommerce one more time, Mark and Tom I mean to the extent that you're working on more SIOC projects, perhaps right sizing products for customers given dimensional weight protocol, are there any important elements that you're working on, on the converting side, anything that you're doing perhaps on printing, maybe digital, as you're trying to further your penetration or share what you do for the customer there? And then if you could update us on your views, again relatedly on white top line or whether you need to build any capability to a large degree in house or not? Thanks, guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Let me take the white top question first and then Tom can finish the rest of question. Currently we do have the capability if we had to, we could produce white top, but it's not economical for us to do that and so we will not be pursuing that as you would expect. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: George, just real quick on ecom, obviously, I'm not going to go into any details about what we're planning to do other than to just say, you know, we explore all of the alternatives. We explore what's best for our customers, what we think are best solutions in the marketplace and we'll continue to do so.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks, guys. Have a good one.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Vetenia that wraps up our call today and I'd like to thank everybody for joining us and look forward to talking with you in January as we'll give you the full year and fourth quarter rapport. Have a nice day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you're ready, sir.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results. And then I'm going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob who will provide more details. And then I'll wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions.Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $194 million or $2.04 per share. This compares to a second quarter 2018 net income of $197 million or $2.08 per share, excluding special items. Second quarter net sales were $1.8 billion in both 2019 and 2018. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter was $376 million in 2019 and $382 million in 2018, excluding special items. The $0.04 per share decrease in second quarter 2019 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2018, excluding special items, was driven primarily by higher operating costs of $0.27, higher converting costs of $0.05, lower volume in our paper segment of $0.04, higher annual outage expenses of $0.06, and a higher tax rate of $0.01.These higher operating and converting costs were primarily due to cost increases with labor and benefits expenses as well as indirect costs, such as repair and operating materials, outside services, equipment and building rental expenses, property taxes and insurance. These items were partially offset by higher volume of $0.09 and prices and mix of $0.08 in our packaging segment, higher prices and mix in our paper segment of $0.16 and lower Wallula number three paper machine conversion related costs of $0.04, and lower freight costs of $0.02.Looking at the packaging business, EBITDA in the second quarter 2019 of $349 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 23.2% versus last year's EBITDA excluding special items of $363 million and sales of $1.5 billion or a 24.2% margin. We continue to run our containerboard mills to demand, as we lowered our inventory levels from the first quarter and maintained our industry leading integration rate by supplying our box plants with the necessary containerboard to establish a new second quarter record for box shipments per day. Our employees did an outstanding job of running cost effectively, while balancing supply with demand and optimizing our containerboard footprint to minimize freight and logistics costs across the system. We ended the quarter with inventories at the appropriate level to meet our seasonally stronger third quarter demand.I'll now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business in general.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark indicated, our corrugated products plants had record second quarter box shipments per day, which were up 0.3% compared to last year’s second quarter, in spite of the significant business loss we incurred at Sacramento container due to a purchase of two large sheet customers by another integrated. Outside sales volumes of container board was about 16,000 tons below last year’ second quarter as we ran our containerboard system to demand and supplied the increased needs of our box plants. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.16 per share above the second quarter of 2018 and down $0.09 per share compared to the first quarter of 2019. Export container board prices were down $0.08 per share compared to the second quarter 2018 and down $0.04 per share compared to the first quarter of 2019.I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our paper segment, EBITDA in the second quarter was $48 million, with sales of $238 million or a 20.3% margin compared to second quarter 2018 EBITDA of $38 million, excluding special items and sales of 251 million or a 15.0% margin. Our cup size and printing and converting volumes were slightly above the second quarter of 2018. Overall prices moved higher during the quarter, but industry conditions seem to soften a bit in June. We successfully completed an annual outage at our International Falls mill and our mill system is currently running extremely well with increased focus on our most profitable products. The lower revenues compared to last year’s second quarter are a result of the exit from the white papers business at the Wallula mill last year. We continue to improve our profitability and margins in the paper segment, in part by exiting this business at Wallula, rather than continuing to allocate people and capital resources to it.I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. For the second quarter, cash provided by operations was $302 million and free cash flow was a record 210 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of 92 million, common stock dividends totaled $75 million; $78 million for federal and state income tax payments, net interest payments of 36 million and pension contributions of $4 million. We ended the quarter with $569 million of cash on hand.I’ll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move forward into the -- from the second into the third quarter, in our packaging segment, we expect seasonally higher containerboard and corrugated product shipments with lower prices as a result of the published domestic containerboard price decreases and lower export prices. In the paper segment, we expect volume to be seasonally stronger, but prices and mix to move lower. Converting and other costs should be slightly higher. But operating costs and scheduled maintenance outage costs should be lower. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings of $1.91 per share.With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call today constitute forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.And with that operator, I'd like to go ahead and open up the call to questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Just a question on the outlook for the third quarter, obviously, we saw some deterioration in index prices from the publication as you noted, just wondering how much of a, already recognized price declines will be in that $1.91 guide and how much of that you’d still have to flow through into the fourth quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: As we mentioned in the past, the published price changes impact the domestic containerboard volume fairly quickly. So all of the published price decreases impacted our domestic and trade prices to varying degrees during the second quarter. But also keep in mind, we've talked in the past about how price increases roll through the box side of the business. And that also applies to price decreases. And these businesses have various triggers and factors and timing mechanisms across our 18,000 or so customers whereby the vast majority of the changes will flow through typically over a 90-day period. So, you'd have to expect and you can assume that the same cadence, once the published price index move down in March, May and June, and we’ll see that happen now. So, we'll finish seeing the remainder of the price decreases flow through in this third quarter.Bob, you want to add to that or Tom, you want to add?
Tom Hassfurther: No.
Brian Maguire: Just on the volumes, I think you noted that packaging volumes added $0.09 to EPS in the quarter. But I was just hoping you could reconcile that with the fact that the box shipments were down around 1.3%, just how did it drive that earnings contribution year-over-year.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, let me comment and then Bob can give you a little more clarity. Don't forget that as we exited the paper business last year, we brought Wallula up in June. And so we had Wallula coming on and there was a change taking place between segments.Bob, you want to elaborate on it?
Bob Mundy: Yeah. And on the packaging volume, Brian, with the work we finished up at DeRidder early last year, and of course the Wallula conversion, when you look at our volume, year-over-year, we actually reduced outside purchases by almost 75,000 tons. So -- and so now, we've internalized those tons. So you get the benefit of OMEG [ph] tons, which is one of the, our high integration rate, provides us that benefit of OMEG versus outside purchases. And so you saw that, and that definitely has an income positive effect, even though volumes in total may not have moved so much.
Brian Maguire: Okay, so that is reflected in the volume number more than the input cost number?
Bob Mundy: Right.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Tommy, you normally give us a little bit of insight into sort of trends into July. I was curious if you can do that for us and then touch on any particular end markets where you're seeing softness or strength.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Gabe, yeah, through 14 days, our billings and bookings are up about 5.8%. So we're starting out the month and the quarter very well. One of the key driver areas for us right now, going into the second half is the ag business out in the West and the Pacific Northwest. It's, -- those crops came in late this year due to weather and but they're coming on strong now. So, we're very encouraged with the outlook going into the quarter.
Gabe Hajde: And then if you can maybe comment at all, Mark or Bob, regarding capital allocation priorities and how you're thinking about, I guess, returning some cash to shareholders, whether it's through increased dividends or opportunities in the market otherwise?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, regarding general capital spending, we're still on target for this year be in that low-400 area. And that's proceeding well in terms of, we’ve got the big Richland project that’s going to be coming on later this year. As far as uses of cash, the same, it's always applied. You've got share buyback, dividends, capital spending, acquisition type opportunities, and we’ll continue to be opportunistic and look at the best value for shareholders. That's about as straightforward as it gets.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: First question is, we know that there is some changes in the marketplace, I guess, with lighter weighting taking place. And I was just curious, I know, you have just recently started up some virgin capacity at Wallula. But would you be interested in buying from others, recycle boards saved in your -- some of your Western box plans?
Mark Kowlzan: Chip, my answer to that is no. And, we will always buy some board from the outside market. But that's generally specialty grades. Now, keep in mind when we were -- our integration, it basically got nowhere 100%. We’re open market buyers for general, containerboard meeting and liner board, but in general, as long as we can supply our own, we wouldn't be interested in any kind of joint venture or partnership with anybody.Tom, you want to elaborate on that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, I’ll just talk about the end market a little bit, Chip. We really see the end market moving much more towards performance based products, which we consider recycle having a little more difficult time getting there. So, we've got a long term reputation for meeting quality standards and adding value and doing all those other sorts of things, even though it's a commodity product to some extent, and we're certainly not going to be in a position where we're going to perhaps risk that reputation over aligning ourselves with somebody with recycle board.
Chip Dillon: And just as a quick follow up, you mentioned, Mark that [indiscernible] CapEx for this year, I know it's early days, but can you at least give us some directional guidance in terms of where that number could be next year? If you have any inkling at this point, not that we'd hold you to it. And then if Bob, could you just remind us of the maintenance expense per quarter in the second and then what it will be in the third and the fourth. I know you've given it in the past, I don’t know if that’s changed either.
Mark Kowlzan: Chip, regarding capital spending, we always give basically one quarter updates. And then for the New Year coming up, 2020, we’ll give you an update in January. I think let me answer a little bit of that this way. We've identified some very good opportunities for us. We've got some efficiency cost take out opportunities in the mill side, as we always do that we will spend some small amount of capital on, very risk free high return capital for next year. And then, we've got some projects in the box plants that we're going to continue to aggressively go after that. It not only adds capacity opportunity, as we grow the business, but also it's some of the new technology will take cost of, but we'll wait until January and give you next year's number.
Bob Mundy: Chip, on the outage impact in the second, it was $0.18. We expect it to be around $0.08 in the third and somewhere, $0.14, $0.15 in the fourth.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Mark, if I could just follow up on that question about the box plants. I think you're saying that the reinvestment in the box plants is still primarily focused on productivity. But is there sort of a directional trend that you're trying to take your equipment as well to meet some sort of changing performance expectations of the market?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I think, you got to look at this way, it's a twofer. You get two bangs for your buck here. With any new capital spending, we have going on in the box plants, you theoretically are going to improve your capacity opportunity. But also from a technology point of view, you're making the overall process more efficient in terms of unit labor input for a conversion unit. So we're looking at that, as in the last few years, as we've reached, in many cases, some capacity limitations in these box plants, it behooves us to take advantage of the technology that's available. And as we've also said earlier this year, we also have the manpower to execute in a very effective manner. The big projects are done in the mill. So with the new engineering technology organization, we have a very broad capability to go ahead and engineer and construct these box plant projects through in-house PCA personnel.Tom, you want to have a little more?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Mark, I think the best way to put it is, is that, our reinvestment in the box plants is driven by profitable growth and operating efficiencies, which are really driven by our customers’ demands and their needs. That's primarily, as I said many times, I mean, we don't build it and hope they will come. And we really react to what our customers’ needs are.
Mark Connelly: Just one more question. Your white paper performance is obviously a little better than what the industry is telling us is happening overall. Are you surprised, as you go out to the market, do you see what the AMPA [ph] numbers are showing with these huge drops, and you're just outperforming that by a mile, because we see a disconnect between the AMPA numbers and what's going on in the market? And I'm just curious whether you do?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, regarding volume, our marketplace is such that our customer base relies on our logistics and distribution capability. And so we really have a great customer mix that relies on our capability to take care of their needs, generally going from a B2B type of a distribution for them. And so, we worked really hard. And this goes back to comments I've made over the last five years at one of Boise strengths that was built over probably four decades was that logistics supplies capability for their customers. And so, we aren't seeing what the general marketplace is seeing. And don't forget too, we've got just a nice tidy business, I'll use that term, we got I Falls in Jackson supplying the North American system, and we're pretty well in balance. So, we're feeling pretty good about our business in particular.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I wanted to first dig in a little bit to the cost trends you talked about in the quarter, Mark and Bob. Can you remind us, was the quarterly and for that matter, a year trend that you've been seeing in things like labor and benefits, have there been any things that have been affecting it more than normal. Was the quarter performance more or less as you'd expected on these operating costs? And could some of these projects that you're working on over time, take a little bit of the edge off of what we'll see in inflation in 2020 and 2021?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, George, I would say that, costs were actually, as far as what we expected in the quarter. We're actually a little better than we thought. And I think, as we look into the third, we are seeing some of that. Last year, that was certainly going from 2 to 3, a lot of inflation that was still coming through. This year, I don't think, we're seeing that. Actually, all in probably, all the operating costs should be a slight positive this -- going to the third quarter this year.
George Staphos: Okay. Would you say just related to the projects, in the box plants, are they probably more -- I know, you said Mark, you get a twofer. But is the benefit more so in terms of the ability to grow into the future or do you get disproportionate benefit in terms of margin over time from those investments? How would you have us think about that?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, each plant is unique, each project is unique. And again, it just depends, quite frankly, just depends on how you're going to run that particular operation. So again, it's -- there's no one formula that fits all.
George Staphos: Mark, you had mentioned that you had industry leading integration, which we obviously would know intuitively having, given all that you say across the quarters, over the years, but could you provide an integration level that you expect for the year or where you came in during the quarter? If you had it, that would be helpful? And then I had one last question. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, our integration is sitting in the low-90s percent area.
George Staphos: And then lastly, back to the earlier question on near term July or recent July trends. If we extract agriculture, are you seeing a similar improvement, call it low to mid-single digits across all of your end markets, and relatedly one of the things that we've been seeing in the markets over the last, I'd say couple of years, we've had kind of a weak end of quarter month, as customers are still somewhat concerned about the macro look, so they pull inventories down. And then as we enter the new quarter, there's some rebuilding of stock. So one, what do you think in other end market, if you can share that data? And two, would you agree that we've had that kind of hand to mouth ordering de-stocking and restocking over the last couple of years? Thanks and good luck in the quarter guys.
Bob Mundy: George, you're quite observant, in my opinion. Yes, that has been the trend in the past. We start out the quarter, quite strong, and we get a little weaker at the end of the quarter. I think that we saw more de-stocking this past first half of the year probably than we've typically seen. And I think that's driven by a lot of the questions regarding the global marketplace. Of course, the export markets have definitely been impacted, as the rest of the globe slows down some.So, outside of ag, I mean, I think our business has been relatively stable. And I think it is strengthening going into the second half. I feel more optimistic about it. However, that's one prediction, but I can tell you that I'm hearing from our customers that they feel better about the second half of the year as well. So, I think they've adjusted their business to kind of meet the global demand right now and the domestic demand and feel somewhat confident about the growth prospects going forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered, in the release, you do call out that you're running to demand and I wondered if you could just give us a little bit of color on how you kind of are managing the downtime or the flow back. If it's just reducing production across the system or if you’re taking some smaller machines out, just a better color on that.
Mark Kowlzan: We've been really, this was some commentary back from the April earnings call. It's pretty evident, if you look at the math, Wallula obviously is not running to its design capacity. So we've got the extra capacity there. So essentially, we're running Wallula slowed back. And so that's accommodating the Pacific Northwest and West Coast needs. And then from time to time, through the quarter and through the first half of the year, some of our machines have run at a slower pace. But we've been able to flex that, as Tom needed tons and outside customer orders have to be filled. So that's how we've been addressing the running to demand.
Mark Wilde: And then just as we think about the startup at Richland, how much of an impact will that have and when would just start to build some inventory in front of that.
Mark Kowlzan: We're planning on having Richland up at the end of the year and it will be a very positive impact for the Wallula mill. Our plans are to supply all of the medium and liner board that Richland will consume from Wallula. So that's about 18 mile drive up the interstate. And so 2020 should be a very positive year for how the Wallula mill runs its business in terms of ramping up its production capability. We're very optimistic.
Mark Wilde: Last one for me, you're sitting on about $6 a share in cash. So I imagine Bob Mundy is getting kind of sore from hauling all that cash, but just help us think about managing that cash versus putting some of those cash to use in other ways, and how are you doing to take that cash balance.
Bob Mundy: If you look at our net debt to EBITDA ratio, we're sitting probably at around 1.3 historically. If you went back to 2007, we were below 1. So, our cash, we're feeling really, really good in terms of the world around us. We've taken all the risk off the table over the last year with our big conversion projects. We've got some really good high impact projects taking place in the box plants at low risk, immediate return activity. But again, I think, as we look at the world around us and some of the uncertainty, we feel pretty good about building somewhat of a warchest, shall we say, for any opportunity, that may present itself, whether it could be a stock buyback, any type of acquisition opportunity, so we're feeling good, but again, we are, we are and have been living in an uncertain world. And so, we're feeling pretty good about where we are with cash.And we don't feel compelled that we have to go out and quickly utilize that. Each dollar of cash that's sitting in the bank right now, it's certainly not going to waste. And, again, one of our virtues has been patience. And I think we're exercising that virtue very well in terms of how we look at the utilization of cash for the future returns to the shareholders. So you got to just bear with us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Mark, in your comments, I think you said white paper industry conditions seem to soften a bit in June. Just wondering if that was a comment on the demand side or the supply side, maybe with some imports coming in or if you could just elaborate on that. And then maybe it's too soon to tell, but is it possible to say how July has trended on the white paper side?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. First part of your question was demand softening up in the June period. And part of what we, we typically start seeing the back to school buying and we see that now in July, but we did not see the typical earlier June back to school activity. So that was pretty fundamental. We saw that it was pretty evident, but things have taken off and they're strong right now. So again, we're feeling really good with where we are in July and I'd have to use the term, we're pretty well flat year-over-year with where we are.And then you commented about imports. Imports are up. But that's -- don't forget that’s to fill a big hole that the industry couldn't fill when some of the industry capacity came out in the earlier part of the year. And so that was a given that everyone expected.
Anthony Pettinari: And then on the corrugated side, looking at the quarter, you had lower shipment growth than you usually do, but you had the Sacramento loss. Putting aside that loss, I was wondering just how shipments trended versus your expectations kind of going into the quarter? And then for modeling purposes, is it possible to remind us when that business loss started to impact your shipments?
Tom Hassfurther: This is Tom. Actually, our last quarter’s performance would have been significantly higher, obviously without that loss. It's a pretty good sized number. And so we feel really good about the trend going in. And of course, where we are through the first 14 days that I reported that includes that loss in Sacramento, so that should give you a little idea of the momentum, we have at least going into the quarter.What was the second half of your question?
Anthony Pettinari: In terms of when it started to impact your shipments?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. That was in the fourth quarter of last year is when it really started to impact our shipments. So we've got a tough comparative going forward until we get to the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: So just following up on that, just to clarify. So does the fourth quarter comparison get easier on the box shipments or is it first quarter of next year?
Tom Hassfurther: It gets slightly easier in the fourth quarter, but the real move will be in the first quarter of the following year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And is it possible to sort of give a rough sense, is it like a 2% to 3% type impact or could you give us any indication as to the magnitude from Sacramento?
Tom Hassfurther: It's somewhere in the 1.5% range, something like that.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then would it be possible to get a sense as to how much the caught up at Richland order of magnitude might be?
Tom Hassfurther: Not at this time, I don't think that's appropriate really to talk about that. That's driven by a number of different factors. Certainly, customer demand is one of the key. That's the key element of us putting in Richland, but also keep in mind that we've been supplying that marketplace from a number of different plants quite a ways away. So we're going to be able to take advantage of those transportation savings, both from the box plant and from the mill. So, Richland is going to be an outstanding project that's going to start out in very good shape.
Mark Weintraub: And just one other one. One of your competitors this morning was talking about lower wood cost third quarter versus second quarter. I realize this tends to be a very local market here, could you give us more color as to what's been going on with your wood costs and how you see them playing out for the balance of the year?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, again, it's localized regional and it’s weather impacted. We're pretty flat. Wood cost has been behaving itself throughout the country this year. So we're in a pretty good place with overall wood cost.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Bob, just one on guidance for a moment if you can help me. In terms of the 3Q guidance, what is implied in there in terms of the sequential change in paper price mix, just if you can give me any sense of that?
Bob Mundy: Well, as we said in the release, it's lower on average than it was in the second quarter because as we said, it started to soften a bit in June, and that sort of will carry through into the third. So on average, it's down, we didn't quantify obviously how much down, but it's 15, 20 bucks possibly.
Adam Josephson: And just Tom, on your demand commentary for a moment, you talked about, obviously, the global economy having slowed and your domestic customers just becoming more cautious, managing inventories more tightly. But then you also talked about expecting a second half improvement, and that's because your customers are doing so. So I was just trying to tie those two together. What is driving your customers to expect a second half improvement, just given the slowdown in the global economy that you were talking about?
Tom Hassfurther: What I'm really referring to Adam is the fact that, there was significant inventory reduction that took place throughout the first half of the year. That's basically done. And people feel good about the consumer demand and the economy here in the United States, which is obviously where we've got our large footprint. However, some of our customers do export. So they've adjusted to all of these dynamics that have gone on globally, and I think, feel pretty good about the second half of the year. Also, as I said, we've got some segments, agriculture, being one of them is a big segment that really is driven much more in the second half of the year, especially given the weather related issues that we had out on the west coast and the Pacific Northwest.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez: One quick question on the e-commerce end market. You have companies like Amazon, like they're taking all sorts of actions to reduce packaging materials. What kind of impact do you expect this to have on the industry? And is this something that keeps you awake at night?
Tom Hassfurther: This is Tom. I'll answer that real quickly. I think over the next couple of years, Amazon's initiatives are going to still be net neutral to the business. It's easy, I think, on the surface to make assumptions that it's probably going to impact the corrugated box business, but I think there's some puts and takes here. One is, is that as we get into this ship in own container or SIOC, as it’s referred to, you're going to have a lot more products that are going to have to gravitate towards corrugated. Because, there still is no better product that can compete and when it comes to containing, protecting and marketing large products. So our customer base is very attuned to this and they're asking for a lot of redesign.That redesign has been significant, because keep in mind that they want to protect their brand, they've got to make sure now that that brand goes through, it goes through a longer cycle of handling, all the way through Amazon fulfillment centers and distribution centers and all the way to the customer. And they want that box to be in perfect shape by the time it gets there. And they also wanted to advertise their product. So I think as Amazon requires more of these larger products to be ready to ship in own container that I think we're going to get some growth from one market and a little less from another market.
Edlain Rodriguez: And one quick one on uncoated free sheet, could producers have done a better job managing the supply reduction that happened in the industry without inviting so much in terms of imports, all of a sudden like price increases have to be rolled back. Could the industry have done a better job managing that supply demand issue?
Tom Hassfurther: Let me answer it this way. If you go back and if you -- I've been in this industry for 40 years now. And uncoated free sheet back then was a world supplied product, the Europeans and then was Americans. And then it's spread out through South America and Asia. So imports have always been a factor. So that's how I am going to answer that.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you guys. I'm curious from an operational perspective, you brought up something interesting, Tom, I think kind of value through the supply chain, particularly thinking about e-commerce. And one of the things that you guys have differentiated yourselves with has been high customer touch and customization, things like that. When I think about branding through the e- commerce supply chain, and porch bandits, I think is they're called, have you had any inquiries or discussion dialog with customers as to kind of dumbing down what might be found on the outside of the box versus depending if it's going through a retail chain or something like that?
Mark Kowlzan: Gabe, I think it's a mixed bag, quite frankly. But I would say the trend is more towards, are customers really interested in protecting their brand and advertising their brand in any way they can. And when you're talking about a, especially just SIAC, as I mentioned, you’re talking about a product not showing on a shelf. So guess where the best place to advertise your product is, on the box. And that fits us very, very well, because as I've said many times, I mean, we're focused on this hard to do, we're very focused on helping our customers grow the business and adding value in any way we can. And, that really is a core competency that we have and we can take to the marketplace and all of our 18,000 plus customers have various needs, when it comes to that kind of value.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I see that there are no further questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and we look forward to talking with you in October during the third quarter call. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results, and then I'm going to turn it over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. I'll wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $186.8 million or $1.97 per share. First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.01 per share related to the discontinuing paper operations associated with the conversion of the No. 3 machine at our Wallula to linerboard. Excluding special items, first quarter 2019 net income was $187.3 million or $1.98 per share compared to the first quarter 2018 net income of $146.9 million or $1.55 per share. First quarter net sales were $1.73 billion in 2019 and $1.69 billion in 2018. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter excluding special items was $371 million in 2019 and $322 million in 2018. Excluding special items of $0.43 per share increase in first quarter 2019 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2018 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.37 and volumes $0.27 in our Packaging segment, higher prices and mix in our Paper segment of $0.21; lower annual average expenses $0.02 of lower depreciation expense $0.02. These items were partially offset by lower volumes in our Paper segment primarily due to the exit from the paper business at Wallula of $0.13 and higher operating and converting costs totaling $0.27 per share. These higher costs were primarily due to inflation-related increases with wood fiber and chemical costs, labor and benefits expenses as well as indirect costs such as repair and operating materials, outside services and equipment and building rental expenses. In addition, we experienced significant weather-related challenges across the company from extremely cold temperatures and flooding that negatively impacted production, fiber, fuel and repair costs for the quarter by approximately $0.06 per share. Results were $0.01 above the first quarter guidance of $1.97 per share primarily due to higher prices and mix in both our Packaging and Paper segments. Looking at the Packaging business, EBITDA, excluding special items in the first quarter 2019 of $334 million with sales of $1.5 billion, resulted in a margin of 22.6% versus last year's EBITDA of $308 million and sales of $1.4 billion or 21.9% margin. Our containerboard mills established a new first quarter volume record while running our system through demand and managing numerous weather-related challenges across the entire mill system. Our containerboard production allowed us to maintain our industry-leading integration rate by supplying the necessary containerboard to our box plants, which achieved a new all-time first quarter record for total box shipments as well as shipments per day. We ended the quarter with our inventories in good shape, and we continue to work through our scheduled maintenance outages and service our customer needs in a timely manner. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. As Mark indicated, our corrugated products plants had record first quarter total box shipments as well as shipments per day, which were both up 0.7% compared to last year's first quarter. Outside sales volume of containerboard was about 33,000 tons below last year's first quarter as we ran our containerboard system to demand, supply the increased needs of our box plants and managed lower export volume. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.39 per share above the first quarter of 2018 and up $0.03 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Export containerboard prices were down about $0.02 per share, compared to both the first and fourth quarters of 2018. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, we had a first quarter record EBITDA, excluding special items, of $55 million with sales of $240 million or an all-time record 22.9% margin compared to the first quarter 2018 EBITDA of $31 million and sales of $269 million or an 11.6% margin. Market conditions remained favorable during the quarter, and we began implementing our announced price increases. Our pricing mix and sales volume were better than anticipated, and we were able to improve our freight and logistics costs as a result of managing our inventories back to a good level at the end of 2018 after running most of last year on allocation. Our mill system is running extremely well with an increased focus on our most profitable products. The low revenues compared to last year are a result of the exit from the paper business at our Wallula Mill. As we said a couple of years ago, we felt that we could improve our profitability and margins in the Paper segment by exiting this business at Wallula rather than continuing to allocate people and capital resources to it. And that's exactly what we're starting to see. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Mundy: Thanks Mark. We had record first quarter cash generation, with cash provided by operations of $236 million and free cash flow of $157 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $79 million. Common stock dividends totaled $75 million, $14 million for federal and state income tax payments, net interest payments of $6 million and pension contributions of $1 million. We ended the quarter with $442 million of cash on hand. I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the first quarter into the second quarter, in our Packaging segment, we expect seasonally higher containerboard and corrugated product shipments with lower prices as a result of the published domestic containerboard price decreases and lower export prices. In our Paper segment, volumes should be similar to the first quarter, and we will continue implementing the previously announced paper price increases, but scheduled outage costs will be higher due to the annual shutdown at our International Falls mill. Across both segments, we anticipate slightly higher freight, repairs and certain fixed costs as well as higher share-based compensation costs due to the accounting treatment of restricted stock. Energy cost should improve as we move into the seasonally milder weather. Recycled fiber prices should be slightly lower, and our effective tax rate should be lower. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of $2.05 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as the risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Zatanya, I'd like to open the call to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: Hi, good morning, Mark, Tom, and Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Chip.
Robert Mundy: Good morning.
Chip Dillon: I wanted to ask a couple questions about the white paper business, which I think had the best quarter we've ever seen since you bought Boise. As we look at the second quarter and then the second half, can you give us an idea of kind of how much of a hit or decline in the second quarter we would see versus the first because of I Falls? And I don't know how much of the price increase you feel comfortable asking us to assume. And then how - would the operations likely bounce back to where they were in the first quarter by the third quarter in that segment?
Mark Kowlzan: I'll let Bob, give you the outage impact costs for the…
Robert Mundy: Yes. Chip, in the second quarter, from the first, there's about $0.06 related to the I Falls outage. And there'll be some additional labor and some other fixed costs that will be up relative to the first quarter. But as we said, pricing - we'll continue to implement the announced price increases as well.
Mark Kowlzan: And then with regard to volume, we expect volume to - as you would look at the seasonal impact, seasonal impact should be moving up as the summer comes on here. Back-to-school will start in the June period. And so volume should be up as we'd expect. Also, we're able to build our inventory, so we'll be able to sell out of our inventories. So in terms of volume, the outage at I Falls won't impact our ability to satisfy the customer demand.
Chip Dillon: So if I hear you, and we decide to assume you got a lot of this pricing, you could actually have sequentially flat or even up earnings in that segment?
Thomas Hassfurther: We'll see. It should be certainly a good quarter though, Chip, relative to our history for sure.
Chip Dillon: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: And then you have to expect, Chip, with the outage behind us in the second quarter, 3Q, without an outage and again continuing back-to-school-type sales volume, 3Q should - you would expect would be another good quarter in terms of our EBITDA generation.
Chip Dillon: Terrific. And then one other question I had just on that segment is we've seen some - if you could just update us on where we stand in terms of tariffs, et cetera. I know that some of the demand kind of faltered if we look at some of the data in the last couple months. And yet I know that in the past, there have been some trade, I guess, some tariffs put on because of a dumping by other countries. I think there were five involved. And could you just update us on where that stands? Are those tariffs still in place and as a way to impact the U.S. market?
Mark Kowlzan: Chip, for all intents and purposes, the tariffs are still in place. And as you would have expected with the industry announcements earlier in the first quarter with the capacity coming out, customers, quite frankly, had to rely on the imports or the export market from the rest of the world supplying some of their needs. So they did go and seek some of the import capacity to satisfy their demand. Quite frankly, the domestic capacity could not, at that point in time, supply the needs. So we're seeing somewhat of a rebalancing of how the industry's supplies itself in terms of the customer base. So it's not surprising that imports have picked up. That's a natural reaction.
Chip Dillon: And then last question. Mark, as you know, a few weeks ago or last week or so, a major producer down in Brazil announced that they were going to build containerboard capacity using eucalyptus. Although I seem to think that they are making a very lightweight grade, do you have any thoughts about - we've never really seen a hardwood-based containerboard, that I've seen at least, that's been widely usable. And I didn't know if you had any thoughts about that.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I think you just summarized it. It's short fiber. Traditionally, short fiber does not satisfy the performance requirements of a traditional high-performance demand container. Quite frankly, eucalyptus or mixed hardwoods fall into the category of being able to produce a container that's akin to a folding carton type of Packaging material. So it would be in the lightweight, super-lightweight container, which remind all of you, is a very - the demand is small. The volumes are small worldwide. So it'll certainly, in my mind, be a real niche product.
Chip Dillon: Understood. Thank you.
Robert Mundy: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Mark, there was a lot of chatter early in the quarter about PCA losing a big customer, and you clearly aren't showing a lot of signs of distress from that. Can you remind us what your customer base looks like and how you think about individual customer gains and losses?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I think on the January call, we talked about that. But primarily, that was business - from our Sacramento Container acquisition. And we talked about that in terms of a competitor had purchased the sheet piece of that business. And so that's some of the business we've been having to make up for. But other than that, that was the big component. Tom, you want to add some color to that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Mark, I think you're probably referring to the rumor that was going around that it mounted to something like 10% of our volume or something like that. I'm going to remind you, as we've said many times; the makeup of our customer base is 10,000 strong in lots of different industries, lots of different markets. And our largest accounts are, on a relative basis, are a small percentage of our total. So it's very well spread out, so we don't have anybody even in that category. What Mark was referring to earlier, I think, was we discussed the loss of a couple of large sheet accounts that we had out in Sacramento. And those were purchased by somebody. So as you know, one of those events that you can't help. But it was impactful to Sacramento, but I mean, obviously, in the big scheme of things, you don't see that large impact for us.
Mark Connelly: That's helpful. Just one more question. Can you talk a little bit more about the progress with your new box plant? And you've talked in the last couple of calls about significant number of box plant optimization projects. Can you tell us how that's going to affect your overall system and what it's doing to your integration levels?
Mark Kowlzan: First part of your question with regards to the new plant out in Richland, we had a little bit of a weather delay starting breaking ground, as you would expect, the Pacific Northwest had some of the worst weather 100 years. But all in all, we're still on schedule for the end of the year start-up and the box plant. Everything looks good. We're very pleased with the design we've put down. And then for the very first time again, we have a new oversight in terms of we teamed up the mill project management team with the corrugated packaging operational and project team. So we've got quite a formidable group putting this plan together. Tom, you want to add to that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. I would just also add that keep in mind that when we bought Wallula, the box plant there was really stretched for an ability to add any capacity. We did what we could over a short period of time. And we're - so this is all customer-driven. I mean we need more capacity up there to satisfy our customers' needs. We're not - I've said it before it. We're not a build it and hope they will come type of company. We're doing this to satisfy real demand. And any of the other optimization projects that we have are driven by customers or driven by labor markets, where it's a very, very tight labor market and we need to go a little more automation.
Mark Connelly: Super. Thank you, Tom and Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. One question is, as a bit of a follow-up, could you provide the outage expenses by quarter this year? I know you mentioned I Falls being 6% more 2Q than 1Q?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Mark. There's no different than what we gave on the last call. We expect $0.18 in this second quarter, $0.08 in the third and $0.14 in the fourth. They were about $0.19 in the first quarter this year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you. And Wallula, can you give us a sense as to whether or not you are now at kind of full profitability mode on the - with the second leg of the conversion having been completed or whether there is still upside as we progressed through the year?
Mark Kowlzan: We talked about this in January about on a run rate basis. So we've got capacity for the next couple of years to supply the system off Wallula capability. And so we're not at the full run rate, that machine was a modified to produce 100,000 tons a year. And so we are not running to the 400,000 ton a year capacity. That's part of within our statement we talked about running to demand. We're running to supply our needs, but the additional capacity requirements into the future next couple of years will come from the final supply off Wallula.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And then lastly, could you give us a sense of box shipments April to-date?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. Through 15 days - we're up a 0.5% through 15 days. So we're - again, remember these are some - we got some tough comps from a year-ago, especially given the Sacramento situation that I talked about, and also demand was good last year as well. So we're off to a little - what we'd consider to be a little bit of a slow start in April, but we see the second half being a little bit better.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And had you seen the slowing in March that showed up in the statistics?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Yes. I think a number of factors were baked into March. One is, if you look back a year-ago, I think the - if I recall, I think the March number was up like 6.5%. So it was an incredibly tough comp. Given the fact that the year didn't turn out to be a nearly at anywhere near 6.5%. You had a lot of weather related issues. We certainly suffered a lot of shutdowns in a lot of our box plants, whether it had to do with snowstorms, polar vortex, flooding, you name it from East Coast to West Coast. I mean it seemed like there was an event going on every week during the month of - well really, I mean February and March, but certainly during March as well.
Mark Weintraub: Thanks for all the color.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi everybody. Thanks for the details. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to piggyback on the discussion on growth in box shipments that we've been seeing and recognizing that April has maybe started off a little bit more slowly. What we've seen the last couple of quarters for you and for others is kind of a good start to the first month of a quarter and then a deceleration the quarter has progressed. Would you agree with that and would you say that that is just a function of inventory patterns from your customers, maybe a little bit more caution in terms of holding inventory. So people ratchet things down as a quarter comes to close. Any thoughts on that would be helpful?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, George. I think given the fact that of course most of our customers and our large customers are global companies. They're reading the same news we're reading. One day things look good and other day globally you hear negative news. So I think there's a lot of - a little more knee-jerk reaction. I think that's going on right now, especially relative to inventories and we're seeing that same pattern you're talking about, where it starts off. The quarter started off a little stronger and then they kind of tail off and so it's - and we're talking to our customers. Our customers are not talking in terms of negative growths or anything like that. They're still planning to grow their business and they still feel bullish about their business, but they are managing their inventories very, very closely.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that, Tom. Second question I had is just on basis weights and the question comes up periodically on the calls. And Mark, you were talking about earlier in terms of the codeine announcement. Are you seeing any different rate of change on the basis weights being used and the move or not to lightweights in the U.S. based on some views on trying to take content out of the package, trying to use less fiber, the move to perhaps optimize packaging at the ETL level? What are you seeing in terms of trends there? If anything is discernibly different than what you've seen the last couple of quarters and how do you think this is going to materialize the next couple of years?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead and add some color?
Thomas Hassfurther: George, I'll tell you the trend is to performance. That's where the trend is and that trend bodes very well for us being a virgin-based containerboard system, because we've got better ability with - as everybody knows the long fibers, the formation of the fibers, et cetera. We have a much better ability to meet performance levels with the correct amount of fiber. And that's really where things are headed. We've talked about recycled in comparison, where you have to throw a lot more fiber added chemicals, et cetera. I think we're in a very, very good spot for where the trends are long-term right now and long-term for the box business.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that, Tom. My last question and you might have mentioned, if you had, I'd missed it, how long do you think it'll take for wood cost in the south in particular to normalize relative to what we've been seeing here because of the weather? Do you think by the time we're done with 2Q, we're back to a normal period? Obviously, it'll to be dependent on the weather, which we can't predict, but any thoughts on that would be helpful. Thanks. And good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: George, you answered your own question. We got harvesting season starting here in a month, so all bets are off if we end up with some of the severe southeastern hurricanes and Gulf of Mexico type hurricane or tropical weather activity.
George Staphos: All right. So then I'll take another one. Wisconsin box plant doing okay so far coming up the curve.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We are very pleased with that.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner: Hi, Mark. Tom, you gave us the April numbers. You talked a little bit about what happened actually in 1Q. The polar vortex and I think you mentioned some of the flooding in the Midwest, but can you give us the cadence of how box shipments for you sort of broke out during the quarter at the end of the day or month?
Thomas Hassfurther: I mean we were pretty steady throughout the quarter with the exception of March. I mean, we started out in pretty good shape and felt pretty good about March actually starting out. But then it kind of went into that tailspin and it was very much weather related. And of course, you know, I'm going to remind everybody, when we're down, our customers are down also. And when they're down, I mean, those orders are essentially gone. They're just not producing that day. So when they come back up, it starts production all over again. So wasn't as if we were down and our customers weren't. That's really what the impact was in March.
Scott Gaffner: Okay, fair enough. You mentioned Mark, I think in your prepared comments that freight costs, you thought it would be sequentially higher in 2Q versus 1Q. Are you seeing actual freight rates reaccelerate or what's driving that? Is it different freight patterns?
Mark Kowlzan: It's just some of the seasonal fright increase, fright adjustment timing.
Robert Mundy: And there's some mix in there as well, Scott, depending on when you have outages at certain mills and when you bring them back, there's a mixed factor that goes into that as well.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And just last one for me. When you look at the outside sales, you said down 33,000 tons. I think that was a year-over-year comment on the outside sales. Was that regionally more difficult in one place versus the other? I mean, we've heard some weakness from customers in the Pacific Northwest. I don't know if it's down or if it's was more in the Southeast. Is there anything, any one region that was affected more than the other?
Mark Kowlzan: The 30,000 tons that you were referring to was the export. And very small amount of domestic, but primarily the bulk of that was the export year-over-year decline. And that was throughout - we shipped 30 some odd countries around the world and we saw that decline all around the world.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Bob and Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Your two big public competitors typically disclose the amount of market downtime they take if any, you mentioned running to demand in the release. Should we interpret that as you took some market downtime in 1Q and understand that's not something you want to do on a regular basis, but is it possible to quantify that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you just do the math, if you look at what we produce for the first quarter and then, and you know what are our capability is now with Wallula in terms of our system capability. I think you can do the math. We never call out specifically the amount of downtime. I will say that besides the running Wallula number three to its demand requirements. We did take some downtime at mills like Tomahawk, Wisconsin on the number two machine, which is a smaller machine; and the Filer City, number one machine, which is a smaller machine. During that polar vortex period when gas was reaching astronomical levels and not only was the price, the spot price going to $150 a unit, but they were also curtailing operations for a few days. So we saw net-net a couple of days of downtime on the smaller machines in the Midwest. Other than that, it was just running the system to demand throughout Counce, DeRidder, just having to push the mills as hard as we might have to.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up question on fiber mix? Can you remind us your mix between virgin and OCC? And with OCC at $40 a ton, can you quantify sort of any opportunity to switch from virgin into OCC sort of at the margin at your mills?
Mark Kowlzan: We're still probably in the recycle 15%, 18% level in terms of the amount of OCC DLK that flows through the containerboard mills. Tom?
Thomas Hassfurther: Anthony, I'll also add that you say, can we make the switch. Not really because we, as I mentioned earlier, I mean we're selling performance base linerboards and we're not going to sacrifice our performance in the marketplace for our customers for what potentially could be a very short-term gain on OCC.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, Mark, Tom, Bob. Good morning. You mentioned Tom, I think about having a fairly diverse and customer set and I was curious if you could maybe comment at all what you're seeing in terms of, I guess what came through in the first quarter and/or an April, if there's any particular end market that stands out to you, sort of asking the question in the context of what we're seeing reports of some substitution, some eCommerce applications. Just curious what you guys are saying.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I would there's I mean, typically our markets are pretty steady throughout the year and some are seasonal and some art. But I would say that if there was any one segment that probably is changes on a more regular basis, it would be the eCommerce segment. Of course, we're come out of the fourth quarter, which is very heavy eCommerce. And then you get into the first quarter, which is less. So there's no question that some of the larger players in there have stated publicly that they're looking for ways to reduce their packaging expenses and have one way trips and things like that. So there's some going on there, but it's still growing, it's still going to be a big, big part of the market. And but that's the one that probably is more impacted. On the other hand, we've got other segments that could have been in RPC's as an example that are moving back to corrugated, for food safety reasons, for transport reasons, for what it - for a myriad of reasons, including sustainability and environmental. So these markets are very dynamic and you have pluses and minuses all the time. So it's kind of the things we face all the time in this competitive environment.
Gabe Hajde: That makes sense. I understood. I guess you didn't mention anything, Bob, in terms of repurchasing shares in the quarter. Has anything changed on the capital allocation front? Can you comment at all about what the acquisition market looks like in terms of valuations or anything like that?
Mark Kowlzan: Gabe, regarding a share buyback, obviously we didn't call out any shares bought back and a regard to capital. We're still on target for what we talked about in January, a little over 400 million, that hasn't changed. And then Bob, you want to add anything?
Robert Mundy: No, I'd say that the answer Gabe is similar to what we said last call is, we continue to evaluate all of our options. Where do they be, M&A related or dividends or share buybacks or are high return capital and that hasn't changed and that's continued to how - we'll continue to look at it that way for this year.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. Good luck.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Thomas Hassfurther: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Tom, I wondered if you could give us a sense if you were running Wallula at that 400,000 ton level. What would your current integration Level B?
Thomas Hassfurther: Without doing the absolute math, it puts us back up into 95%, mid 90s area. So we're currently running a low 90s. You move back up into that mid 90s probably somewhere without having done the math yet.
Mark Kowlzan: As I've said before, Mark, we're going to continue to participate with our domestic customers, because we've got some long-term relationships there and with our export market as well. Bob, you want to…?
Robert Mundy: Yes. I was just saying, if you were saying, at current box demand, if that were the case, obviously that would - that that integration rate would go down. We're not going to call out what it would be. But as Mark said earlier, we're running Wallula that's we have runway there for our future and we're certainly running it in a way to match supply with demand. So - but certainly it would go down at current box demand.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then just thinking a little bit further out, is it possible that you could stretch Wallula beyond 400,000 tons?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. If you ever recall, I did mention on the January call that for some - a certain amount of capital, we could spend some more money at Wallula, and stretch the Wallula Mill out to grow that capability.
Mark Wilde: Okay, all right. The last question from me is just when we think about the second quarter guidance. The guidance is essentially flat kind of year-over-year. But you had a containerboard hike last year and you've got a couple of paper hikes. So what are the main offsets when we think kind of just year-over-year in terms of things that are offsetting the benefit from the containerboard and paper hikes? Just the big buckets.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. The big buckets, Mark, would be certainly on the paper side. Our volume will be down because of the exiting the release liner business, so that that would be a drag. Fiber costs are certainly higher than last year, for the reasons we've talked about earlier. And just keep in mind too. As we said, when we with Wallula and W3, we're pulling a lot of real high costs fiber. It just everything - fiber is very expensive out in that part of the country, just like it is for everyone else. And so when you add, the volume we're adding from W3, and the fiber needs for that at a very high cost, then that metric alone is going to go up as well. Energy costs are up and then just inflation. We have inflation across labor and benefits as normal. But there's also a sizable amount of inflation and things that don't get talked about a lot of around repair materials, operating materials, rents, equipment rentals, building rentals, on and on and on. And we do have this year in the second quarter, the item we mentioned in the release about the accounting for a restricted stock issuance. It's just an accounting thing that just hits us this second quarter versus last year and it's almost about $0.04 a share. And then of course export prices, export prices are probably, $0.05 or show down from last year's levels as we go look at the second quarter. So those starting the gate that that price improvement we were getting on the paper in the packaging side.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. In addition, Mark, I just add that, we had the risky move of $10, which came out of nowhere as far as we were concerned. It was a very large surprise. They're citing such a small portion of the market. And quite frankly, we didn't see any of it and we do participate in the outside market. So that was a big surprise to us and those even a $10 movement can be impactful.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just slip one more. You've got almost $0.5 billion of cash, and it looks like you should be building more cash this year. Is there any kind of upper limit on what you're willing to hold in terms of a cash balance?
Mark Kowlzan: When we get there, we'll let you know. We'll talk about it then.
Mark Wilde: All right. We'll stay tuned.
Mark Kowlzan: All right, that will be a high class situation. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just wanted to follow-up on that last comment you made around the change in, in linerboard prices. I guess my understanding had been you guys are highly integrated, so it would take more like a $20 or $25 cut in the published price before you'd see a material change in your selling prices. So when you talk in the comments around the 2Q guide around the lower prices being a headwind, are you talking specifically around export prices and some of the small sort of merchant open market board sales you're selling or are you actually expecting an impact on kind of box prices and box revenue in 2Q versus 1Q?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, Brian, obviously, the biggest impact, short-term is going to be export given what's going on in the export market. That's certainly a drag. But even a $10 movement like that took place, I mean, we do have some contracts where that does kick in certainly in our domestic sales and on the box side as well. But regarding box pricing or something, I mean, we never discussed that at all. But it just goes to show that there's been a - as we've talked about in the past, the landscape has changed dramatically in this industry. And I think a lot of people try to speculate about what's going to happen going forward based on what happened in the past. And structurally, we're so different in this industry and so integrated that I think the - I don't think you can always find the answer in the past for what might happen in the future. And I get concerned about some of the speculation that goes on about what's going to happen with liner and medium prices. When you start talking about other factors, box markets are competitive, they're fluid and liner and medium is kind of a hedge in that market. But they're their own market. And what's going on there often has no impact, it doesn't result in anything in the liner and medium area. So going forward, I think, I still think that pulp and paper gets it right eventually, but sometimes in the short-term, we may disagree and in this particular case we do. It was a big surprise.
Brian Maguire: Got it. Understood. I just want to get your comment on your inventory levels in the Packaging segment, how you kind of see them versus where it gets like to be. And you mentioned kind of running for demand as you try and adjust those inventory levels to wherever you'd want to be. Would you envision needing to take any economic downtime in 2Q and is that sort of contemplated in the guidance you gave?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, using the term running to demand, we still have an outage at DeRidder in June that will take the machine down. And so as we finished up 2018 we knew we had to build some extra inventory to get through the normal outage activity in the first quarter until the early part of the second quarter. And we did that. And so we ended the first quarter right where we want it to and we're in good shape right now. So unless something changes in the economy, we're going to continue doing what we're doing and running in the mode that we're running. So I don't anticipate anything unusual, but again, that's where we are.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Adam Josephson: Tom, just one more on - good morning. Tom, just on the demand. I know you talked about the weather in March and to a lesser extent in February, and that adversely affecting demand to some extent. If we go back to say, middle of last year, that's when we started to see the industry growth slowing to about 0.5% or so, which has continued really into March. Are there other factors that you would point to the economy slowing, the ecommerce effect that you talked about earlier? How would you characterize the state-of-box demand today compared to where it was, say, and late 2016 and throughout 2017?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, let me start with that one and then I'll Tom finish up. If you think about last year, think about the news you watched every day in the morning and everything you read throughout the day. I'm talking about the uncertainty with the world economy. You've got the Chinese and North American and United States trade discussions going on. Europe it's just a lot of uncertainty worldwide with the economy. A day didn't go by that. Some news media was talking about that very fact. And so I think in Tom mentioned this earlier, that whether it's our customer base or customers in general, people are running their business a little tighter right now because of the uncertainty. And in fact, whether or not demand has slowed, there are segments, auto industries down. So I think there's just a lot of - if you look at European, German manufacturing index down during the first quarter. So there's some actual economic slowdown along with the uncertainty and I think began the some of the trade negotiations or creating some of the uncertainty and the actual slow down so Tom?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Adam, in addition to Mark's comments, what I would say is, I would say a good way to look at this might be that we went through a very fast growth curve in this business do to eCommerce. I mean, everybody knows that it's kind a came out of nowhere and the demand went up dramatically. Ecommerce continues to grow, but it's not growing at the pace it was because it's not starting from infancy anymore, so even that business is becoming a little more mature. So if you looked at it and you said, well, over time we had this big spike in demand, we're still building on top of that spike of demand, which is good. But right now I think, and even and this was true last year as well. As I said, a lot of our customers are global suppliers and as things began to slowdown in elsewhere in the world that does translate back the box business because all this stuff does shipping a box, when it goes overseas. So those are kind of what I call the headwinds that we have, although I still feel good about the fact that we continue to grow on top of a much larger base.
Adam Josephson: Thank you for all that. Just one follow-up, you start off April 1 of about 0.5%. I know the comp is pretty tough. I think the comp for the industry, I know for you I'm not as sure, but I assume the comp gets appreciably easier in May and June. So in terms of the guidance that you gave for 2Q, are you at liberty to say roughly what rate of demand growth you're assuming for the quarter as a whole?
Thomas Hassfurther: No. We don't really make assumptions on that. We just we go by based on the facts that we know.
Adam Josephson: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks guys for taking my two follow-on. I'll make it quick. Tom, back to e-commerce, certainly markets like apparel and electronics have been pretty well penetrated. There's some more to go. But there are other markets and there are other avenues of getting product to the consumer, whether it's a food, produce and so on that really haven't been penetrated yet. Recognize that might not necessarily be your key end market. Do you think there's a potential for e-commerce to see an improvement in the growth rate for corrugated consumption as some of these new markets, which are frankly bulkier and heavier goods, need more cargo or to get them get the product ultimately to the consumer? That's question number one. Question number two, back to paper. To the extent that you can comment historically, looking back, how long would it take you to get the uncoated free sheet price increase into the market, not expecting - not asking you to tell us this quarter about this increase, but historically, how many months will it take you to get that in? Thank you. And again, good luck in the quarter.
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. I'll take your first one George, and I'll turn it over to Mark to take the second one on the paper. Yes, as I said, it's still a growth engine. Ecommerce clearly is still a growth engine. I think some of our ecommerce customers that you mentioned food and produce is still a great end market. It's going to require corrugated. It had some difficulty, I think penetrating and getting off the ground. It's not as obvious to a lot of consumers that they can do that and feel good about that. I still think, you know, when it comes to fresh food, I mean, they like to touch it and feel it and pick their own, if you will. So there's some - there's going to be some difficulties penetrating at like they'd like to, but I think there's going to be a large segment of the market that's going to go for it and they will continue to develop that. So that's clearly an opportunity within the ecommerce area. And there's others as well. They're going to try to make our lives as easy as possible and deliver something in a different way and reinvent the way, the way consumers purchase. And they'll do it in every market they possibly can and most of that will require corrugated boxes and that's good for our industry.
Mark Kowlzan: And then regarding the paper price timing. Historically, if you went back and looked once the index has picked up when you start moving price, it's about a three month period of time on average.
George Staphos: Thank you, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Are there any other questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark Kowlzan: Very good. Operators, it sounds if there are no questions, I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call and we look forward to talking with you in July. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 09:59:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Heidi. Good morning and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results, and then I’m going to turn it over to Tom and Bob, who’ll provide more details. And then I’ll then wrap things up and then we’d be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2018 net income of $204.6 million or $2.16 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $2.7 million primarily for certain cost related to discontinuing paper operations associated with the previously announced conversion of the No. 3 paper machine at the Wallula, Washington mill to linerboard, partially offset by $2 million of nonrecurring tax benefit from favorable adjustments related to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act that was signed in December of 2017. Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2018 net income was $205.4 million or $2.17 per share compared to the fourth quarter 2017 net income of $147.1 million or $1.56 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.75 billion in 2018 and $1.68 billion in 2017. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter, excluding the special items, was $387 million in 2018 and $351 million in 2017. We also reported full year 2018 earnings, excluding special items, of $760 million or $8.03 per share compared to 2017 earnings, excluding special items, of $569 million or $6.02 per share. The net sales in 2018 were $7 billion compared to $6.4 billion in 2017. Excluding special items, total company EBITDA in 2018 was $1.5 billion compared to $1.3 billion in 2017. Detail of special items for both the fourth quarter and full year 2018 and '17 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2018 earnings per share of $2.17 was $0.61 per share above the fourth quarter of 2017 driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.42, volumes $0.17 in our Packaging segment, higher prices and mix $0.15 in our Paper segment, lower scheduled maintenance outage costs $0.06, lower interest expense $0.03, lower depreciation expense $0.02, and a favorable tax rate $0.27 primarily resulting from the Tax Reform changes. These items were partially offset by lower volumes in our Paper segment of $0.11, higher operating costs totaling $0.26 per share, higher freight and logistics expenses $0.04, higher converting costs of $0.03 per share. The higher operating costs included certain expenses related to the conversion work at Wallula. These also included higher wood costs resulting from extremely wet weather in our southern mill locations as well as inflation-related increases with chemicals, labor and benefits expenses, repair, material costs and other outside services. Lastly, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we had the timing-related benefit of $0.07 per share from the final insurance recovery related to the 2017 DeRidder Mill incident. Results were $0.02 above the fourth quarter guidance of $2.15 per share primarily due to better prices and mix in our Packaging and Paper segments, lower indirect costs in our mills, and a lower tax rate. These items were partially offset by lower than expected volumes in our Packaging segment as we ran our containerboard system to demand and effectively managed our production curtailments at the Wallula Mill resulting from a rupture in British Columbia of our gas provider’s main supply line to the mill. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA, excluding special items, in the fourth quarter 2018 of $352 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 23% versus last year’s EBITDA of $342 million and sales of $1.4 billion or 24% margin. Our containerboard mills established a new fourth quarter production record while reducing our containerboard inventory by 26,000 tons from the end of the third quarter, as we ran the system to demand and managed the natural gas supply issues at the Wallula Mill. As a reminder, December’s 18-day fiber box association schedule was the lowest number of cutup days in the last six years. Our containerboard production allowed us to maintain our industry leading integration rate by supplying the necessary containerboard to our box plants which achieved an all-time record quarterly box shipment per day. The final phase of the containerboard conversion work at our Wallula Mill was very successful with the machine operating at its design capacity and producing a very high quality virgin kraft linerboard. This now puts us in a position to begin optimizing the entire containerboard system platform and improve our manufacturing and freight costs. Also, just as importantly, this allows us to respond quickly and efficiently to future growth and service our customer needs in a timely manner. Finally, in 2018, we established new annual records for containerboard shipments, total box shipments and box shipments per day. For the full year, excluding special items, Packaging EBITDA was $1.4 billion with sales of $5.9 billion or a 24% margin compared to the full year 2017 EBITDA of $1.26 billion with sales of $5.3 billion or a 24% margin. I’ll now turn it over to Tom who’ll provide a few more details on the containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. As Mark indicated, in corrugated products, we had record quarterly box shipments per day which were up by 0.2% both per day and in total compared to last year’s fourth quarter. For the full year, annual corrugated shipment records were set both in total and per day, up 5.6% and 5.2%, respectively, with one more shipping day compared to 2017. Outside sales volume of containerboard was about 3% above last year’s fourth quarter while down just over 4% compared to the third quarter of 2018 as we ran our containerboard system to demand and managed through the production curtailment issues at our Wallula Mill that Mark spoke about. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.39 per share higher than the fourth quarter of 2017 and up $0.03 per share versus the third quarter of 2018. Export containerboard prices were $0.03 per share above fourth quarter 2017 levels and down about $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of this year. I’ll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items, in the fourth quarter was $52 million with sales of $227 million or 23% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 EBITDA of $24 million and sales of $268 million or 9% margin. Favorable market conditions continued during the seasonally slower fourth quarter and our prices and mix were better than anticipated. We continue to manage our inventories as we have been running on allocation for most of 2018. Results also improved versus last year due to not having a schedule outage in this year’s fourth quarter as well as exiting the white paper business at the Wallula Mill. For the full year, 2018 Paper segment EBITDA, excluding special items, was $165 million and sales were $1 billion or 16% margin compared to full year 2017 EBITDA of $145 million with sales of $1.1 billion or 14% margin. Finally, I’ll mention that yesterday we notified customers of a $60 per ton price increase effective with shipments beginning March the 1st for all office papers, printing papers and converting papers. I’ll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. We have record free cash flow generation in the fourth quarter with cash provided by operations of $346 million and record free cash flow of $198 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $147 million, $55 million for the acquisition of a small corrugated products company in Texas, common stock dividends which reflect our recent 25% dividend increase totaled $75 million, $68 million for federal and state income tax payments, pension payments of $1 million and net interest payments of $37 million. We ended the quarter with $362 million of cash on hand. Our fourth quarter 2018 recurring effective tax rate of 23.4% was slightly lower than expected due to favorable true-ups compared to our provision once we filed our annual 2017 tax returns during the fourth quarter of 2018. For the full year 2018, cash from operations was a record $1.18 billion and free cash flow was a record $629 million with capital spending of $551 million. Our final effective tax rate for 2018 was 24% and our final cash tax rate was 15%. Both of these are in line with the guidance ranges we provided throughout 2018. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be between $390 million to $410 million, DD&A is expected to be about $385 million, pension and postretirement benefit expense of $33 million and we expect to make cash pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions of $60 million. Our full year interest expense in 2019 is expected to be approximately $92 million and net cash interest payments should be about $85 million. The estimate for our 2019 combined federal and state cash tax rate is approximately 22%. As we pointed out last year, our 2018 rate of 15% was lower than normal due to the overpayment of cash taxes due on December the 15th of '17 prior to the enactment of Tax Reform which reduced our cash taxes paid in 2018. Our book effective tax rate for 2019 is expected to be fairly flat with 2018, but should round to just under 25%. Obviously, these estimates could change based on continuing Tax Reform guidance being issued. Based on current plan, annual maintenance outages at our mills in 2019, the total earnings impact of these outages including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs is expected to be $0.59 per share. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2019 is $0.19 per share in the first quarter, $0.18 in the second quarter, $0.08 in the third and $0.14 per share in the fourth quarter. I’ll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. In summary, 2018 was an outstanding year for PCA as we achieved our third consecutive year of record earnings. We ended the year with containerboard inventories in excellent shape while setting new records for both containerboard shipments and box shipments. We successfully completed the debottlenecking work at the DeRidder Mill. We improved the operating platform and financial results of the Paper business with the conversion of the No. 3 machine at Wallula conversion linerboard and began or completed several high return projects in our corrugated business that will allow us to better optimize our entire Packaging business for the future and deliver profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities for our shareholders and our customers. Although it required record capital investment in order to achieve these important initiatives, we did so of generating annual record cash from operations and free cash flow as well as improve our industry leading return on invested capital to 17%. In addition, we raised the annual dividend by 25%. We repaid a maturing $150 million bond and we received the benefits of refinancing our remaining variable debt prior to the end of 2017. These accomplishments clearly illustrate our continued commitment to a balanced approach towards capital allocation in order to profitably grow the company and maximize returns for the shareholders while still maintaining the financial flexibility to react quickly to almost any situation or opportunity while adhering to our conservative balance sheet approach as we have in the past. Looking ahead as we move into the first quarter of 2019, we expect continued strong demand in our Packaging segment for both containerboard volume and corrugated products volume, and we expect strong market conditions in our Paper segment to continue. We anticipate higher labor and benefits costs with annual wage increases and other timing-related expenses. Although we expect costs for freight and recycled fiber to be fairly flat, we do anticipate some inflation with most of our chemical and repair and materials costs, while seasonally colder weather will increase energy usage and wood costs. We also expect our tax rate to be slightly higher. Finally, the recent decrease in the published price for domestic medium will have a minimal effect on earnings and we expect to begin seeing some of the impact from the paper price increase announcement we made yesterday. Considering these items, we expect the first quarter earnings of $1.97 per share. With that, we’d be happy to answer any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, Heidi, I’d like to open the call for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with VRP. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for all the comments and information. Mark, I just wanted to know if you guys or maybe Tom if you guys could review where the box demand situation was for you all in the first part of January. I know we’re going to get a bit of ancient history on Friday about December. But could you give us any update on where January might have come in or at least due part of the month?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chip, this is Tom. January started out very strong. Through the first 18 days were up 5.3%. Bookings continued to look strong going into February. So we’re very pleased with the start of the year.
Chip Dillon: Okay, that’s helpful. And just a quick follow up. Mark, you might have mentioned a buyback number, I might have missed it. But could you just tell us what your thoughts are about buybacks? Did you buyback any, especially in December, any shares when the market really broke down and how should we think about that for '19?
Mark Kowlzan: No, we didn’t buy share during the fourth quarter. And as we’ve said before, share buyback is a Board level discussion matter. And as we’ve done in the past, we continue to utilize an opportunistic approach when evaluating share repurchases in conjunction with other balanced approaches for allocating capital. And so at this point again we did not buy shares.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then just quickly on Wallula, that conversion, you mentioned it’s I believe now already up to design capacity. Can you just give us a quick recap of the evolution of how you got from – especially with I think the head box, the second stage, when that started up and how quickly you got up to the capacity you planned?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. It’s part of our inventory management and some of the commentary I made with having to run to demand. We’re a victim of our own success. And I want to step back to the earlier part of the year. We had been buying tons on the outside market. It was a relatively reasonable insurance policy with all of the work we had going on at the DeRidder Mill finishing up the major work at DeRidder. And then the two phase approach at Wallula. We bought tons on the outside market. And so not knowing where we would be in October and hedging our bets, we bought – in fact, we ended up buying more than we needed in the third quarter. We called out our inventory at the end of the third quarter. The shutdown at Wallula in October was approximately 17 days. We started up a little bit ahead of schedule. But we are very pleased with the fact that the machines started up extremely well as the first phase did back in June. We immediately within hours were selling quality product and were running at the design speeds. And so again we were more successful than we planned for in terms of hedging our inventories. So we quickly had to do a course correction on inventory management and run to demand, balance out the rest of the system inventory, take advantage of the quality and the productivity coming off the Wallula machine, but also dealing with the gas issue, natural gas supply issue out at Wallula at the mill. But bottom line, the No. 3 machine has been highly successful. And I will state that it is now the only gap-former, bell bay type machine in the world that is making heavyweight virgin kraft linerboard. And it has a range of going from the lightweights up to heavyweights now. So we’re very pleased with what we have for our capability at Wallula.
Chip Dillon: Terrific. Thanks for that rundown.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Just two things. You mentioned the box plant work that you’re doing. Can you talk about the new box plant that you built and your debottlenecking plants in general, and how much can that drive your integration rate? And given the success you’re having in all the new tonnage coming from others, is there an opportunity to build a new box plant or to even put more resources into debottlenecking?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark, I’m going to answer that and then Tom’s going to take that and then I’ll finish it up. But Tom why don’t you give him some color on the plant up in Wisconsin that we started up this fall.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, we built a new plant to replace an old smaller plant up in upstate Wisconsin, strictly built on our own customer demand and the growth that they have so that we’re able to grow with them. We were essentially out of capacity there and we had no choice but to do this. The nice thing about that will be is that it will be a very automated plant. It will have significantly less labor involved in that plant as opposed to the old plant with a lot more output. So we’ll be able to grow – as the demand in that market grows, we’ll be able to grow with it. Mark, you want to --
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, then part of the question you had was any other plants that we’d be looking at, we are taking advantage of an opportunity we have at the Pacific Northwest, primarily the Wallula region in terms of Richland and Pasco area. We had been currently growing with our significant customer base out there. And so we were literally outgrowing the regional capacity. So we have begun a project in Richland to build a new plant that already has a business lined up. We will have to get this plant up and running quickly. We are taking a new approach. We’ve never had our own technology people combined with the box plant side of the business build the plant. But the fact that the mills are primarily finished with all the big projects, we’re taking mill engineering, combining that with box plant engineering and technology and we put a team together to build this plant and do most of the installation ourselves. So it should be a unique project opportunity for us to apply our unique talents that we have. But that plant is scheduled to start up at the end of the year.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That’s super helpful. And just one more quick question. What percent of your white paper capacity is affected by this price hike?
Mark Kowlzan: All of it.
Mark Connelly: All of it, super. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark, Tom, Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning.
Bob Mundy: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Bob, I bet you’re glad – you wish you were Memphis this morning.
Bob Mundy: Actually we were talking about that.
Mark Wilde: Probably one of the few times you wish you were in Memphis. But anyway, a couple of questions I had for you. First of all, Mark, is it possible to get a sense with Wallula running right now what your integration rate is?
Mark Kowlzan: Without trying to get an exact number, you could easily factor in that the incremental tons that Wallula put out puts us back down in the lower 90% range. We’ve been tracking last year in that 95% area and so now we’re somewhere in that lower 90% area.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then, Mark, just sort of related to that, can you give us some sense of what type of debottlenecking opportunities might be open to you at the mills over the next two or three years?
Mark Kowlzan: As far as incremental tons, we’ll obviously take advantage of all of the new capacity at Wallula. Wallula does have in terms of its current design capacity a little over 400,000 tons. We’ve already proven the machine out and identified a few small modifications that we can make. So by the time we’re done with this, we should be able to extract another roughly 90,000 to 100,000 tons out of Wallula over the next year or so as we need those tons – if and when we need those tons. Again, we took all of our lessons learnt from the DeRidder conversion. That was a four-year phased effort and applied it to the similar machine at Wallula, only we made it better. The machine at Wallula is quite a remarkable machine.
Mark Wilde: And is there anything left down at DeRidder or is that pretty much maxed at this point?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, on an ongoing basis incrementally because last year was such a heavy lift for us to complete the work. You’ll see the incremental improvement year-over-year in terms of its capacity. The DeRidder mill is truly depending on the grade mix approaching 1.2 million ton a year capacity mill. And its accounts in DeRidder are now 1.2 million ton a year capacity mills. Depending on the grade mix you run, whether you end up running 1,150,000 tons, but we’ve got some extra capacity at DeRidder as we have fine tuned and we’re stretching it out and taking advantage of all the work we put in over the last four years.
Mark Wilde: Okay. The last question I had, Mark, is just kind of returning the capital allocation priorities as we enter 2019. You have a really strong balance sheet by far and away but that’s balance sheet in the sector. And I’d just like to come back to sort of plan for kind of – prospective plan for capital for M&A or for share repurchase. I was a little surprised in the fourth quarter given the drop off in the stock and given your balance sheet that you weren’t more active with share repurchase.
Mark Kowlzan: I want to start that out and say that we continue to be in growth mode. And being growth mode we will be opportunistic whether that means one-off box plants, small box plant business acquisitions and/or mill opportunity that come along. As the fourth quarter rolled on, again, our discussions let us to believe that it was prudent to continue to build cash and have the flexibility to take advantage of any opportunity that comes along. We have identified many opportunities within the box plant side of the business now to enhance the capability and take out cost. I just want to point out too that over the last 20 years we have significantly filled the box plant system up and I’m going to use a term, we are approaching saturation capacity in a number of Tom’s plans. And so that’s not necessarily a bad thing. It gives us an opportunity to deploy some prudent capital and not only enhance the efficiency but take significant cost out of the equation. And so along with just looking at the routine mill opportunities, which the good news in the mills this year we’re finishing up the boiler at Filer City. That’s a relatively small capital project. And then we have a higher return woodyard project at Counce. So the business in new order at the mills is just running the business, paying attention, maintaining the assets, taking care of the box plant opportunities, building the new plant out in Richland and then just having a cash reserve that gives us the balance sheet capability to take advantage truly of anything that happens to be presented to us. So we’re feeling good about where we are, but that’s pretty much in a long formed logic that we’ve applied in terms of --
Mark Wilde: Okay. Thanks a lot. Good luck in '19.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. How are you doing, Mark? Congratulations on the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks.
George Staphos: I guess the first question I had in terms of box volumes in the fourth quarter, if you could maybe give us a bit more color had you not had the gas line outage at Wallula, would you have been able to produce more boxes? It seems like part of your demand trend there was driven by a limitation on the Paper side. If you could call that out, that’d be great. And similarly in the somewhat decelerated number in the fourth quarter from what you’ve been seeing previously in box shipments, how much of that was just number of days are cutup and how much of that was maybe the market taking a pause? Just curious as to your thoughts on those points.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, your first part of the question, the Wallula natural gas line curtailment in the force majeure did not have an impact on box volume for the quarter. And I’m going to let Tom add a little color to the quarter itself and volume and then I might add something else. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, George, if you recall early in the quarter when we were presenting our third quarter numbers, we indicated that volume at that time and early October was up about 2.5%. What we saw during the quarter is, is that the volume slowed at the end of October and was reasonably slow through some of November, but then accelerated quite a bit in December. Now December only had the 18 workdays, so that was a little unusual for – it’s been six years since we’ve had an 18-day month. So that had a little bit to do with it. Also what had to do with it is, is we had a very tough comp because out in Sacramento, that Sacramento container, our two largest customers which we had prepared to exit the business anyway were acquired by West Coast Integrated and they moved that business away from us sooner than what we had anticipated. So that had some impact in our number also. It wasn’t really a dramatic falloff in demand or anything like that or something in the economy that took place. We just had a couple of things hit us. But I’ll remind you also that starting out the year we continue to have this tough comp. And in spite of that tough comp, as I indicated, we’re up about 5.3% starting out in January. So I think things are very strong and we feel good about the start of the quarter.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that. And related question and I think you already answered it to some degree or implied, but there’s been much discussion around how the customers and brand owners, the e-tailers are modifying perhaps their consumption of corrugated for that channel. And I recognize your customer mix and how you approach the market might be a bit different than some of the other players. But are you seeing any changes in e-commerce in that distribution channel that is sort of filtering back in terms of your demand? And if so, how is it checking out?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, George, this time again I’ll take that. Our e-commerce or e-tailers, as you call them, demand is still very strong. It continue to grow not at the growth rates that we’ve seen, so I think what you’re probably seeing is, is that segment although growing still is – the growth rate is slowing somewhat because it was at a very accelerated pace. Another thing that we did definitely observe in the fourth quarter, the inventory levels were at a better – at a higher rate to be able to accommodate the push and the demand that comes in the fourth quarter for that. So I think our customers were better prepared for the seasonality this year as opposed to perhaps in the past. And there’s a lot of moving parts to this thing and a lot of things that are going on relative to and you hear a lot of discussion about less corrugated or some of these other sort of things. I think you’re going to see some puts and takes but I don’t think you’re going to see some dramatic drop off or anything like that, because at the same time I think you’ll see things like plastic pouches as bad as they are for the environment that probably – some of that is going to move to corrugated and we’re already seeing some of that. So it’s still a growing segment, a good segment but I think that overall I think our customers are managing the seasonality a little bit better than they have in the past.
George Staphos: I think as you see more end markets adopt e-commerce as a channel to distribution, you may actually see at least in those end markets greater consumption of corrugated relative to what’s been the traditional in terms of apparel and some of the other items like electronics. But that will be seen over time. Last question and I’ll turn it over and obviously holding price constant, you’re not going to talk about the price and how it’s going into the market in uncoated freesheet. But if we look at the margin in paper in the fourth quarter, it was certainly better than we were expecting and frankly quite extraordinary, over 20% EBITDA margin. How do you sustain that over time? And was there anything if not non-operating none the less sort of one-off in terms of some good guys that came your way that won’t materialize and then in containerboard, the mix a little bit stronger than we had expected, what was driving that? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding the paper part of the question, over the last five years we had worked on and accomplished taking a significant amount of cost out of the paper side of the business and working in significant efficiency capability in the two remaining mills; the Jackson mill and the International Falls mill. And so price being what it is, we certainly are in a position with our marketplace demand to continue taking advantage of the high efficiency, lower cost operations. And so as we stand, we also take out the Wallula cost for last year. And again, the paper side of the business is a good business for us right now. And then I believe there was another part of the question.
George Staphos: Just corrugated mix a little bit richer than we were expected, what was driving that?
Mark Kowlzan: I think that’s just the seasonality of our mix. It’s a little heavier the graphics end of the business although sometimes will finish up in the third quarter, this one bled moreover into the fourth quarter as well. For the year we had a very strong mix in price.
George Staphos: Thanks for your thoughts.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks and good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Mark, when you were talking about Wallula, you said you thought you could produce another 90,000 to 100,000 tons over the next year or so and you said 400,000 ton design capacity. Does that mean you produced about 300,000 tons at Wallula in 2018?
Mark Kowlzan: No. We’re just saying that after the final phase of the work in October the machine came out of the work during the fourth quarter with a 400,000 ton a year capability. And so to help you understand that we designed that machine to produce approximately 1,150 ton a day type of rate on a daily rate and we’ve obviously achieved that and exceeded that. And so it’s truly the capability that it currently has.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And when you talk about the – you said you ran to demand after coming up strong post the October shutdown. You just ran a little bit slower than you normally would or did you then add 1,150 per day rate or did you actually take some days out of the schedule?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, because of the compounded issue of the natural gas force majeure situation, we opted to just run the No. 3 machine, the new rebuilt machine. We kept the No. 2 medium machine down during the quarter and took advantage of that. And so we did some work on the machine also and it’s much similar to what we’ve done at DeRidder. We did prove that we can make medium on the machine if we have to. But that being said, we also took advantage of the fact that the rest of the system was running extremely efficiently. With the purchase tons where they were, we immediately ceased buying the volume that we had up through the third quarter and started as we had called out on the October call working on our end of year inventory. And in order to run to the inventory targets that we had called out and manage the current supply/demand situation on cutup, we went ahead and also took some time during December at Filer City with the No. 1 machine, a very small machine and the No. 2 machine at Tomahawk for a few weeks in December, the smaller machine at Tomahawk to balance out the fourth quarter’s inventory.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Last one for me just around some of the system optimization on the manufacturing side and then some of the freight savings now that you’ve got the full system up and running. Should we expect some of those benefits to flow through in 2019? And if so, I would assume its more 2Q and 3Q than it would be in the first quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Obviously, the system is optimized as we speak in terms of the Wallula Mill currently is running well. So it’s a matter of supply/demand balance. Cutup is strong, so obviously the demand for containerboard is very strong as we are sitting here in January. And so if you want to look at it, the benefits of this capability flow through immediately in the first quarter and through the full year. I think that’s why when you – when you look at our guidance of $1.97 on a year-over-year basis, I think that that speaks to the fact that again we’ve got the strong demand, the box plant side of the business and the paper side of the business both strong demand and we have the ability to deliver the tons we need at more reasonably costed [ph] efforts here, because Wallula is fully capable of delivering what we need for the West Coast.
Scott Gaffner: Perfect. Thanks, Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Mark or Tom – just wondering if you can discuss what you’re seeing in the export markets you serve in January. I guess some regions are doing a little bit better than others. And in 1Q, do you have an opportunity to maybe pull some tons out of the export market given what sounds like pretty strong domestic demand? And overall if you can remind us what percentage of your vols go to the export market maybe early in the year?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Anthony, as we’ve talked about many times in the export, we’re a relatively small player in the big scheme of things. Our demand has remained very steady throughout the year. It was a very solid year. China was actually up for the year. Again, we’re not a big player in China but that volume was up for us, slowed a little bit in the fourth quarter but overall was very good. Prices were down a little from the third quarter but still up from a year ago. So that has remained relatively good. Now of course that’s still affected by exchange rates and tariffs. But overall, we’re very pleased with our export market. We’ve been with these same customers for a long time. We’ll continue to supply them. So when you talk about adjusting our export volumes or anything like that, no. We’ve been with these people through the long haul and seasonally their business is very good for us. So we’ll continue those relationships.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then I think just following up on George and Scott’s questions on running to demand. Understanding it’s likely not a big number. Is it possible to quantify kind of the total tons of downtime you took to kind of balance out those inventories in 4Q?
Mark Kowlzan: As we’ve said, we ended the year with our inventory number. We called out that inventory target in the third quarter. And so with the impact out of Wallula was worth about probably 32,000, 35,000 tons of impact.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. I’ll turn it over. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Debbie Jones: Hi. Good morning. My first question I realize you can’t comment on why GP did this, but can you discuss how you think about their move exiting the paper business will impact your business, just kind of be on the supply reduction, whether it’d be wood supply or customers looking for more paper?
Mark Kowlzan: Just commenting a little bit as far as where we are, we’re coming out of a year in 2018 where we were on allocation most of the year. We’re producing in terms of the Jackson and I Falls mill have the capability to produce about 1 million tons of uncoated freesheet in printing and converting grade. And so I think where we are with our business we are fully committed to the customer base we have, but it does allow us to rationalize some of that customer base as we go forward and move tons accordingly into the best avenue of business we see. I can’t speak for the industry.
Debbie Jones: Okay. And then second question, you gave the CapEx number for the year. Is there any update to kind of maintenance CapEx for the business between paper and packaging? And then you called out a couple of projects, but are you able to give us a sense of what the strategic CapEx is for 2019 and broadly whether it’s going into the mill or box plant system?
Mark Kowlzan: A good way to look at that, Debbie, is that probably 60% to 65% of the total capital that we called out would be going towards maintenance, business maintaining just taking care of the business. The rest of it is the strategic piece. So 35% to 40% of the total cap is strategic.
Debbie Jones: All right, great. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Just first wanted to clarify. So with Wallula when you’re talking about the 90,000 to 100,000 tons increment, is that saying that at some point the capacity could be approaching 500,000 tons?
Mark Kowlzan: You would have to spend some discrete capital on fiber capability. We’ve identified what that means in terms of providing the type of fiber we would want to provide at the cost, but we certainly have the capability on the machine if we choose to, to approach a 500,000 ton a year capability in the future years as demand calls for it.
Mark Weintraub: Got it, okay. And I think that last call and talking about Wallula, you had indicated that in 2018 given all the conversion projects, et cetera, that it wasn’t going to be a net contributor to the bottom line. Can you just confirm? Was that the case for last year and with some of the stuff that happened in fourth quarter, was it a positive contributor or a drain in the fourth quarter itself?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, this is Bob. Certainly going from the third quarter to fourth quarter, third quarter we were running full, obviously had not completed all the work we were planning to do, but we were running full. So when you got into the fourth with the outage work that we had, it’s certainly a drag going from third to fourth. And then of course year-over-year we didn’t have the packaging business on that machine. So the negative impact we incurred in this year’s fourth quarter was certainly a drag year-over-year as well.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And so basically whatever contribution Wallula can have is all net positive for 2019 versus 2018 if I understand it correctly?
Bob Mundy: Yes, that’s a good way to look at it.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, terrific. And then just lastly kind of finishing this line of thought, is the profitability that a mill like Wallula can generate meaningfully different than what we would see across your system on average?
Bob Mundy: I think the big difference at Wallula compared to DeRidder account is the fiber cost. We’ve talked about this in the past and I think it’s well recognized that virgin mill operations in the Pacific Northwest do have what I would have to say is probably the highest virgin would cost as far as whether you’re buying chips or logs in the United States. But that being said, as we’ve looked at these projects in the last three years, we’re able to take advantage of the transportation differential so that what we lose on higher input cost on raw wood, we make up for on – a significant piece of that is made up on transportation benefit.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, super. And then maybe just one last one. In terms of the acquisition, I think it’s $55 million acquisition, any additional color you can provide on that for us?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, you want to talk --
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, it’s a small strategic acquisition for us in the state of Texas, provided some necessary capacity that we needed there as well as some product mix that fit our customer base very well. It’s not big in terms of like tons or anything like that, but it’s very strategic in nature to our marketplace down there which we have an enormous footprint down in Texas.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question, gentlemen.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Gabe Hajde: I was going to revisit kind of the shipments that appeared to kind of slow sequentially. Are there areas within the end markets where you saw a pullback? And I guess in the same vein, were there end markets that struck you that’s particularly strong or weak in 2018 and can you comment at all at what you’re most optimistic about in 2019?
Tom Hassfurther: What we saw was, as I indicated earlier, we lost a couple of significant accounts out in – through our Sacramento acquisition, sheet accounts which we knew we were going to lose as we exited some of that business. It just happened sooner than what we thought. So that comparable – that’s really the slowdown that you see. Otherwise, it would have been relatively steady. I think the only thing surprised us in the fourth quarter was demand did slow at the end of October and into November, but then picked up dramatically in December again and going into January it’s been very, very good. So I don’t think there’s – we’re dealing with thousands and thousands of customers in a lot of different end markets and things like that, some hold very steady and some are growing, very few are declining. So I don’t think there’s a lot to talk about in terms of the end markets having some significant change.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Tom, I guess specific to PKG, is it fair to extrapolate some call it headwind in '19 for your volumes from the lost volumes in Sacramento for those three quarters --?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. As I indicated, it’s still going to be a tough comp. But again, as I said, we’re starting out January up 5.3% against a tough comp and bookings remain very solid. So that’s quite frankly, I’d be honest with you it’s a bit of surprise as to how robust the business is right now.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you. And then, Bob, switching gears, you guys sort of started to provide a little less granularity and you talked about higher operating costs, I think it was $0.26 this quarter but I think for the full year it was about $1 a share. If I did my math, it’s $125 million. Is that fair to think about that as sort of nonmaterial related inflationary headwind that you have to overcome on an annual basis or was there anything in particular that was kind of out of the ordinary in there?
Bob Mundy: It includes those things, but it also includes – and Mark sort of gets into a little more of the detail when he goes through the prepared remarks of what’s in that operating costs. Certainly energy and chemicals and wood are part of that, but labor and benefits that we talked about as far as an addition to the inflation we see on repairs and material costs and supply costs, all those things we put into the – are a part of operating costs, but they all as we said at the beginning of the year and it held true, there was inflation associated with pretty much all of those items which was something we had not seen in a while across the board on all of our operating costs inflation that we had to work against for this year.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Sorry to come back to the 53 number for January, but just since it was so much better than what you put up in the fourth quarter just wanted to confirm. Does that include some contribution from the Texas box plant or converting asset you acquired? I wouldn’t imagine it’d be a huge amount, but just to confirm that. And is it on a per day basis, any kind of – other unusual impacts we should about in there?
Mark Kowlzan: 53 is on a per day basis. It does not include the acquisition plant. And again, this is the start, it’s 18 days. So we got a very good indication of January. But certainly can’t predict exactly what’s going to hold for the entire quarter. But as I said, we’re off to a very good start.
Brian Maguire: I appreciate it. It sounds like it is. In 2018, you said you were buying some outside board, may seem like some insurance and some just to kind of tide you over until some of the conversions were done. Is there any way to think about the benefit in 2019 from not having to buy that board? Is it just sort of tied into the increased capacity and better operating rates on the DeRidder and Wallula assets or is there an incremental benefit beyond that we should be thinking about?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me give you a number. Last year and this is just an approximate number, right. We purchased about 300,000 outside tons for the year and then we quickly brought that down in the fourth quarter and went ahead and started supplying most of what we were using. But for 2019 we’ll continue to buy some of the normal tons that we buy in the outside market. We traditionally bought some specialty tons like white top and some SBS. It probably amounts to 60,000 tons of specialty type containerboard that we’ve moved through our box plants. And then we have a small piece of contractual requirement. A supplier was able to supply us two years ago to help us work through the 2018 demand and part of that was working through some tons this year. So we have a very small or approximately 30,000 tons that we’ll buy this year that will wind itself out and be done. So we would look at probably 90,000 tons of outside purchases this year.
Brian Maguire: Okay. That helps a lot. Thank you. Just one last one, if I could. Just sort of following on Debbie’s question about GP’s decision to exit the paper business, just wondering how you guys are thinking about that business longer term these days? Obviously the profitability is really good and the outlook is really good these days. But do you envision yourselves still being in that business 5 or 10 years down the road? Is that something that you still have a long-term commitment to maintaining those assets and those customer relationships?
Mark Kowlzan: Looking at it, if you do some extrapolation and you just assume that we move through 2019 on a run rate that we just finished up '18 and you look at what our first quarter guidance is, you could easily come up with a model that said for since we bought Boise, you’re generating significantly 1 billion to 1.2 billion of EBITDA during the six-year period. If you just went through 2018 since we owned them, we generated roughly 1 billion. And so it’s been a good contributor to the effort here. Again, we took the cost out early on in the first two years of ownership of the mills. It’s been a good business and it goes back to some comments we made probably three years ago. The value of business is such it’s hard you would not want to sell it for the wrong price I’ll use that. And so it’s a very valuable significant contributor. It requires very minimal capital. And we have a very good marketplace position. And so we will continue to take advantage of that. It’s a nice business for us.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover: Thanks. A couple of quick ones late in the session. First of all, with respect to exports, if you maintain those volumes due to the long-term nature of the relationships, can you optimize where you ship from? Is that part of the freight optimization that you’ve alluded to?
Mark Kowlzan: It’s really not because, again, we’ve had these export customers for a long time and we’ve optimized those through our existing mills. So no to the – unless we grew China or something like that significantly, but we really don’t see that occurring.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Thanks. And a quick on freesheet. I know you’re not going to commit big capital to it, but are there any debottlenecking opportunities at the two mills if the returns were compelling?
Mark Kowlzan: I’m sorry.
Tom Hassfurther: Debottlenecking freesheet opportunities.
Mark Kowlzan: Could you ask that question -- Bob and I were talking.
Steven Chercover: I’m just wondering, if all of a sudden North America was short on freesheet, are there any opportunities to augment your capacity that you do only if the returns were compelling?
Mark Kowlzan: Unfortunately, the I Falls mill and the Jackson mill are running full. We have stretched the capability out over the last four or five years. We’re very pleased with where the mills are running. But from a practical point of view they’re running at their full capability, which is what’s allowing us to optimize the input cost and maintain peak efficiency.
Steven Chercover: Understood. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. I think we have time for one more question if there’s anybody left on the queue.
Operator: There is. Your final question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Adam Josephson: Tom, just on the – back to box demand for a moment just on the January commentary, are you expecting – a couple questions, are you expecting that level of growth to continue for the quarter as a whole just in terms of what’s embedded in your 1Q guidance? And then you’ve often talked about how box demand you think is tied to the economy. There have been obviously some signs of a slowdown with the ISM PMI in December and numerous other indicators. So what’s your sense of how the economy is doing and what impact that might have on demand for the balance of the year? Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Adam, the expectation for January is what I gave you. In terms of a number, now some of that probably is inventory rebuild and some other things. And if you looked and you said, well, where would we go for the remainder of the quarter? Probably slightly above whatever the economic growth is which is typical of where we are. So that’s still very good demand for quarter. But that’s just a prediction. Right now I think that our customer base that we have indicates that they feel very good about the economy and very good about their opportunities. They’re not necessarily heavily reliant on global demand and their own export markets and things like that. So I think domestically we’re in quite good shape. And I think that’s got the opportunity to continue throughout the year.
Adam Josephson: Thank you, Tom.
Mark Kowlzan: All right. With that, operator, I believe we’re out of time. I would like to thank everybody for joining us. We look forward to talking with you in April for the first quarter. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Ashish Gupta - Stephens, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2018 Earning Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results and then I'm going to turn it over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $207 million, or $2.18 per share. Third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.05 per share, primarily for certain costs related to discontinuing paper operations associated with the previously announced conversion of the No. 3 machine at our Wallula, Washington mill to linerboard. Excluding special items, third quarter 2018 net income was $211 million, or $2.23 per share, compared to third quarter 2017 net income of $159 million or $1.68 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.8 billion in 2018 and $1.6 billion in 2017. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding special items, was $406 million in 2018 and $364 million in 2017. Excluding the special items, third quarter 2018 earnings per share of $2.23 was $0.55 per share above the third quarter of 2017, driven primarily by higher prices in mix of $0.38, and volumes $0.37 in the Packaging segment; higher prices in mix in our Paper segment of $0.13; lower fiber costs $0.04, which was a combination of improved fiber usage and lower OCC prices; and a favorable tax rate of $0.26, primarily resulting from Tax Reform changes. These items were partially offset by lower volumes in our Paper segment of $0.14, higher operating cost totaling $0.28 per share, and converting costs $0.02. These higher costs were primarily due to inflation-related increases with labor and benefits expenses, repair and material costs, environmental and other professional service costs, equipment and building rental costs, as well as the addition of converting costs related to our Sacramento Container acquisition. We also had higher freight and logistics expenses of $0.08 per share; annual outage expenses of $0.05; as well as higher depreciation $0.03; and other costs $0.03 per share. Our results were $0.09 above the third quarter guidance of $2.14 per share, primarily due to higher prices in mix in our Packaging and Paper segments, and higher volumes in our Paper segment. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter 2018 of $378 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 25% versus last year's EBITDA of $343 million and sales of $1.3 billion or a 25% margin. We achieved all-time record containerboard shipments and record third quarter box shipments. Our containerboard mills operated very well, and we successfully executed the scheduled maintenance outage at the Valdosta mill. The newly converted No. 3 machine at our Wallula mill to high performance 100% virgin kraft linerboard continued to meet or exceed expectations throughout the quarter. This now puts us in position to begin optimizing our entire containerboard system platform and improve our manufacturing and freight costs going forward. Also, just as importantly, this allows us to respond quickly and efficiently to future growth and servicing our customers' needs in a timely manner. We ended the quarter with containerboard inventories about 50,000 tons above the second quarter of 2018 levels and almost 84,000 tons above the third quarter of 2017, primarily due to the addition of the inventory needs of our Sacramento Container acquisition, along with our need to build inventory in certain regions of the country to help mitigate the higher freight and logistics issues that we continue to face. In addition, higher inventory levels were required to prepare for the fourth quarter extended outage at the Wallula mill to complete the containerboard conversion work that we've spoken about previously as well as preparing for the first quarter 2019 scheduled maintenance outages at our two largest containerboard mills that will significantly reduce our production early next year. I'm now going to turn it over to Tom who'll provide more details on the containerboard sales and corrugated business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. As Mark indicated, we achieved a new all-time record for containerboard shipments with continued strong demand in our box plants as well as our domestic and export containerboard markets. We also had record third quarter corrugated product shipments which were up 8.2% in total with one additional workday and shipments per day up 6.5% over last year's third quarter. Our outside sales volume of containerboard was 20,000 tons above last year's third quarter and 35,000 tons higher than the second quarter of 2018. We continued to implement our Packaging segment price increases very well during the quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.31 per share above the third quarter of 2017 and up $0.19 per share compared to the second quarter of 2018. Export containerboard prices were up $0.07 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2017 and flat compared to the second quarter of 2018. We expect corrugated products demand to remain strong as we move into the fourth quarter, although we expect shipments to be lower compared to the third quarter with two less shipping days. Also, beginning in the fourth quarter, year-over-year volume comparisons will now include Sacramento Container in both periods. Our corrugated products mix will be seasonally less rich in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter as the produce business in the Pacific Northwest as well as the display and high-end graphics business for the holiday period normally falls off during the quarter. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $44 million with sales of $254 million or 17% margin, compared to the third quarter of 2017's EBITDA of $38 million and sales of $271 million or 14% margin. Strong market conditions continued during the quarter and our prices and mix were slightly better than we anticipated. Volume for our cut-size and printing and converting products continued to be on allocation as we managed our already tight inventory levels around the scheduled outage at the Jackson mill. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. We had very good free cash flow generation in the third quarter, with cash provided by operations of $301 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included: capital expenditures of $130 million; common stock dividends, which reflect our recent 25% dividend increase, totaled $75 million; $51 million for federal and state income tax payments; pension payments of $18 million; and interest payments of $7 million. We ended the quarter with $294 million of cash on hand. The 2018 tax estimate ranges continue to be 14%, 16% for our federal and state cash tax rate, and 24% to 26% for our book effective tax rate. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect Packaging segment demand to remain strong, although as Tom mentioned, we will have two less shipping days, and we expect a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products compared to the third quarter. In our Paper segment, we will continue implementing our recently announced price increases, but expect a seasonally less rich mix. Although paper volumes will be seasonally lower, we expect demand to remain strong as we manage our already tight inventory levels. With seasonally colder weather, fuel costs are expected to be higher across the company and we expect continued inflation in most of our operating and converting costs, including incremental wage pressure with the tighter labor market. We will also have an extended outage at the Wallula mill to complete the remaining work related to the conversion of the No. 3 machine from paper to linerboard. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $2.15 per share. And with that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, Heidi, I'd like to open up the call to questions, please.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes and good morning, everyone.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Chip.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Mark, we saw a really big jump in exports in the third quarter according to the industry data. I know September was the biggest month we ever saw and it would be one thing if there was obvious softness in the economy, but we saw the industry really stretch for these operating rates to, I guess, supply that. I didn't know if you could explain to us what made the export market so appealing, at least that's what apparently was the case given the strong numbers.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I think, in our case, we typically see when we come out of the first part of the year, because of the annual outages, we're limited on how much ability we have to service our long-term legacy customers around the world. And so, in that case, as we've done in the past coming into the third quarter, the mills are running and the shutdowns are behind us. And so, we're able to now pick up and service the export order. So, that was certainly the case for us. We had the ability. The mills are running well and we have the demand from these legacy customers. Tom, do you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I would just add that at least from PCA's point of view, I mean we're a little more back-loaded in the year for our exports. But in addition, demand was very good worldwide.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah, okay. That's helpful. And just a second question, a lot of us on this call pretend to know what to do in the market. Your experience has been terrific, noting that you last bought back a lot of stock in late 2015 and 2016. I think at, we just calculated, an average price of $57. And so for that, I would congratulate you for not buying back the stock earlier this year like probably everyone was telling you to. With the situation having changed a lot, is that something that you're taking a deeper look at? I mean, you could consider that your after tax cost of a dividend is probably now more than the after tax cost of borrowing money?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I think what we've always said publicly is that we will always be opportunistic. That's been the keyword we've always used in our decision-making on how we decide and when to buy back stock. Also any discussion is a board level discussion. And so all things being considered, we like to remain in a position with a lot of flexibility, strong balance sheet, cash on hand and just being able to take advantage of whatever opportunity presents itself, whether it's share buyback, dividend increases, or acquisitions or capital opportunities. So, I guess that being said, we certainly have opportunities. But, again, that's a matter for the board level.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. I'll turn it over. I might get back in. Thanks, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Thanks, Chip. Next question, please.
Operator: From the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ashish Gupta - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning. This is Ashish Gupta for Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning.
Ashish Gupta - Stephens, Inc.: Morning. Based on what we calculated in terms of your cost per ton in containerboard, we're just kind of wondering how you were able to get the cost per ton down. It was very impressive performance, just surprising given the inflation we're seeing. Is there something structural in the mills? Is there more tailwinds that we can expect in the future? Just if you could give us more color on that that'd be great.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No, I think it's a testament to the high efficiency operations, the focus we have day to day. We've said this for years and years that the daily focus in the mills is on operating cost and operating efficiency. Box plants, it's all about profitable volume and we watch our costs obviously. But the mills, seven days a week, 24 hours a day, it's about high efficiency, low-cost operation. So, we have a very large team of engineers full time working in the mills and in a large corporate technology organization that's dedicated to that very effort.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Great. And if you just allow me one more. Can you give us an idea of what the split is between commodity and specialty paper? It just seemed like there was a much higher price realization in the quarter in white paper. I just wasn't sure if that had to do with the premium versus commodity split.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I don't have that number on the top of my head. That's something we don't pay particular attention to in terms of that level. We can always get back with you on that one.
Ashish Gupta - Stephens, Inc.: No problem. Thanks so much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tom, Bob.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wondered, is it possible to get some sense of sort of same store box volumes if we didn't have Sacramento in the mix?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Tom?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Yeah. Mark, I think the best indicator is probably where we are so far this month because we're – so, I'll just share those numbers with you. We're averaging a little over 2.5% so far this month and that's everything baked in. So you got a complete apples-to-apples comparison there.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. And then just kind of following on that, it seems like given the growth in your box volumes over the last couple of years and assuming some kind of momentum into next year, you're going to actually have offset all of that Wallula capacity by sometime late next year, early 2020, and you'll be pretty close to fully integrated. So, I just – I wonder what kind of options you might be considering if we look out a couple of years here in terms of containerboard supply.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, Mark, we've said this before, we always have opportunities whether it's internal, how we look at the assets we operate, but we certainly have the opportunity into and through next year to fully take advantage of the Wallula capacity. We certainly have to finish the work we're doing right now. The machine is scheduled to start back up early next week from its planned outage this month. And so if we've done our homework and executed well, we should be in a great position to take advantage of the productivity opportunities at Wallula. That being said, I think you're right, if you assume that growth continues on this trajectory, we'd be looking out in the future years at various alternatives. And that's – again, we've said that it would include further conversions, asset acquisitions in terms of one-off mill opportunities. So, we've got a host of opportunities, but I'm certainly not concerned about that at this point.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. I – just one quick one. Is there any – is there a chance to get a view on 2019 CapEx, Bob Mundy?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No, Mark. We'll talk about that on the next call as we normally do.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's fine. I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details so far. I wanted to check into the price mix result in the third quarter relative to your guidance. If you could talk a little bit to the extent possible about what materialized better than you were initially guiding to in the quarter? And I had a couple of follow-ons.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, there were a couple of things, George. On the Paper side, we had some favorability there. And of course on the box side, that was a little bit improved versus what we're anticipating. It just goes back to always trying to maximize the benefit of the products that we have available and the brands that we can offer.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bob, if I could, the mix was a little bit richer than you expected or anything else that you could share again realizing it's not something you initially want to advertise live mic, but anything else you could share in term of what realized a little bit more favorably than you'd expected?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No, it was – certainly it's a mix, George. But it's also just very good execution on the box plant side, on the corrugated side of things that was certainly a piece of that as well.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate the commentary there. Mark, with Wallula, what are kind of the key milestones over the quarter, I mean, to the extent that we can check in or what we should be asking about on the next call? What would they be in terms of the last bit of work being done successfully?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, just to remind everybody, during the May outage, we converted the machine from a coated paper machine to a virgin kraft linerboard machine. But we are running in a slowed back capacity while we're waiting on our final permits to be issued for air permits. And so running to that permit level as we called out, we are running in that 700 tons to 800 tons a day range. Now, we have the permits in hand, and so it allows us to run the productivity up to the planned 1,150-ton a day or about 400,000 tons a year annual run rate. Now, that's assuming, as I said a few minutes ago, that we've done our homework well and the folks out there are executing well. This work we're doing currently involves the new shoe press installation, rebuilding out the forming unit, adding the final dryer section that we were waiting on, and then pulp mill changes. So, we have a host of different things that we're doing. But I've got confidence in the group to execute. We should be starting up next week, and so I think in January you should be hearing us talk about how we came up and ran. On the July call I mentioned that when we started up on the first week of June, within the first two hours, we were selling premium high-performance virgin kraft linerboard within two hours. And so that's going to be – the key is making sure that we come up and run as planned and then basically supply our needs as we go through the fourth quarter and prepare for next year. And then I've said this on the call a little while ago, too, that this gives us the opportunity to rebalance out our supply system in terms of how we're supplying linerboard throughout North America to our mill system... (22:09)
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, Mark – sorry about that. Last one for me, and I'll turn it over. Obviously, conversions and increase in capacity in North America have been very topical in the trade press and certainly everyone has a view on that and its effect for the market. Has your view on the implications of this capacity changed at all? Why or why not? What would you sort of remind us about as we're trying to analyze the industry relative to this capacity and the implication again for the future? Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. George, if you look at it from our perspective, if you go back in when we announced Wallula almost two years ago, that was purely based on our internal demand as we saw our needs growing through the future period of time. The majority of the other announcements, if you go back and look again over this period of time and through this year, the majority of these announcements are based on these integrated players internal demand for this product. And so there is very little that has been talked about that would flow to the very limited outside open market. Tom, you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, I think Mark hit the key point there, George and that is that, as you mentioned, given the demand that we have right now in the industry and you just look at the run rates, we're going to need additional capacity in this market. Now, that said, most of the additions that have been either executed or on the drawing board are integrated suppliers, and they've got a home for those tons, obviously. When we went through this before, not that long ago in the industry, there was a lot of consternation about it. And it turned out that the industry did absorb this tonnage, and that most of the suppliers, certainly ourselves, I mean, we run to demand, and that's what we'll continue to do. But if you look at a number of other things that are going on as well, we've talked in the last couple of calls about the situation in China, the fact that they absolutely need fiber. I think the Nine Dragons move into the United States as well as a couple of others demonstrates that in spades. They're talking about shipping pulp back. They're talking about shipping a limited amount of containerboard back with what they can convert. It's expensive to do. But given the situation over there, they need fiber, and so that's all going over to China as we see it. Mark also mentioned the limited open market that we have here. I mean, the dynamics in this industry has changed dramatically, as we've talked about, and said that integrated producers are generally somewhere around 90% of the demand. And so you've got a very, very limited open market to sell to. If somebody doesn't have a customer, they're probably going to have to look overseas for that. In addition, some of the other things that we've seen announced, maybe the one-offs, tend to be recycled or maybe it's a virgin, but it's not the best virgin. It's very high cost. And a lot of these conversions are not in very good wood baskets. And they're also limited to lightweights and super lightweights which again is a limited market. So, overall, I think that we don't have tremendous concerns about this because we know what the demand is on the conversion side. And that tells us, I mean, on the box side I'm talking about, and that translates into some need for new capacity.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just two question. It didn't seem like you had any direct impacts from the hurricanes. I'm just wondering if there were any kind of secondary impacts either on demand or maybe higher fiber costs or supply chain costs in the Southeast. And then just generally, you talked about continued inflation in most of your categories into 4Q. I was wondering if you could talk specifically about freight. Are you seeing any maybe just stabilization year-over-year in terms of freight rates, any kind of color you could give there?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. The first part of the question regarding the hurricane impact, we saw minimal impact from Hurricane Florence in the Carolina region. Basically it was around transportation impacts for that couple of weeks, just slowing things down on finished goods outflow and raw material inflow; again, some of our having the impact. Tom, you want to talk a little bit more about that because, otherwise, the latest hurricane that went through the Panhandle had no impact on us.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. We didn't have any impact on our facilities, but certainly some of our customers did have some impacts. And so that will, on a short-term, impact some of the demand in those particular markets and also a little impact in the ag area as well.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: And then regarding inflation, Bob, why don't you...
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. So, just a couple – on storms, not so much hurricanes, Anthony, but we did have a sort of an odd storm that came through one of our large modern Chicago container plants. And it hit us for a couple of pennies in our third quarter results with the damage and so forth that occurred there. But they're not hurricanes, but it was certainly storm-related.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: That was a July storm, Anthony.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: And then on freight, freight is we talked about our inventory, manage our inventories and doing what we had to do to help mitigate some of those freight and logistics costs. I think that's what we're seeing is that we held that in a good place during the third quarter and we anticipate doing that again in the fourth quarter. Other than that, there were other operating costs and what have you, including labor and fringes and so forth. We'd still see that again creeping up again as we move into the fourth quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just following up on the last question, I guess industry exports have gone up in the last couple of months. Your outside sales of paper are up. Do you export meaningful amounts of board to China? And then with customers or traders in China, are you seeing an increase in demand, given the very strict import restrictions that they've put in place on recycled paper?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We export to about 35 different countries all around the world, very small amounts relatively speaking. China happens to be one of those outlets that we have, again, some very good legacy customers. And so we did supply a very minimal amount of extra tons during this quarter. But it was a minimal amount of incremental tons that flowed to China. But we did see some extra demand to these legacy customers.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: My first one is, I wanted to ask about volumes kind of through the year if you've seen any notable trends or differences. And what you think is really driving the growth for PKG ahead of the market beyond Sacramento Container going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I'll start out and then I'll turn it over to Tom. I think again, in general, what you see is we have a very strong manufacturing activity nationwide. That has continued to show a positive impact across many different sectors. And then , the ag business in various regions, Tom, do you want to give a little more detailed color?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Debbie, I would say that our volumes have continued to track up throughout the year. We're bullish on that. I would say that the only thing that interrupts that at all at any point in time is inventory adjustments that our customers go through. And those are just cyclical, to some extent. But no sooner do those adjustments take place that the demand ramps right back up again. So when you look at it across the year, I mean, it's a steady improvement.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. My second question is, on inventories moving higher, there's cost associated with that. Obviously, you're trying to offset some other headwinds. I'm wondering if there's ever any discussion about investing in your own fleet or anything like that as you think about the idea that transport headwinds are probably here to stay, costs are going to potentially go higher in 2019?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Debbie, we've mentioned before on earnings calls earlier this year that we've been certainly taking advantage through some of our acquisitions. The TimBar acquisition, Sacramento Container, Columbus, and then the Boise Cascade system had its own transportation organization. And so we have certainly bolstered that capability. We've been investing over the last year-and-a-half in rolling stock and drivers. And so we have certainly been growing that nationwide capability to service more of our regional activity. So that's certainly been a factor in helping us with our efficiencies.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: I was hoping to get if possible more color on Wallula and how much of the profit potential we might already have been seeing and/or will have seen in the second half of this year versus what it can be when it's fully ramped? Because I realize there are a lot of moving parts here.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. We've never called out the specific contributions we expected from the Wallula conversion. Obviously, people have been modeling that. We did say that it had a positive contribution after it started up in terms of the – that's one of the reasons our numbers in the second quarter were a little bit better. And then I'll put it this way, we're very pleased with the contribution that we saw through the third quarter, but again, we're not going to quantify that. Bob, you want to add a little color to that?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Obviously, we said earlier in the year that it would be a lumpy year for that conversion and what it was doing to our results. There certainly was a hit in the second quarter of about $0.05 sequentially, but then we had a nice pickup in the third. But again, going from the third to the fourth, they'll be on a $0.07 or $0.08 hit to do all the work that we have to do in the fourth quarter. So, but once we come out of that, then we'll see – I think we're going to hit our expectations as far as the profit improvement in the Packaging segment but also to mitigate what we were seeing in the pressure sensitive business as decline in margins which is why we took advantage of that machine the way we did.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: So, if I understand correctly, so it's something of a hit in the second quarter and then nice contribution third, and then at least some of it coming back in the fourth. So if we net all that together in 2018, would it be a positive, negative or kind of neutral-ish?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: It'd be a slight negative.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Okay. So is it fair to say all the goods really on a net basis to come in 2019? Making sure that I understand.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes, that's correct.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Great. Okay. Super. That's it. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Mark, when I look at the – historically looking back at Wallula and some of the time to convert that mill, a lot of it was around equipment backlogs and just waiting for some of the new equipment from your suppliers to come in. And I'm just thinking about on a go-forward basis as you look to maybe upgrade some of your other capacity, what are you seeing as far as equipment backlog is just with all the conversions taking place in the industry right now? Has that lengthened material or something you're concerned about on a go-forward basis?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes, let's make it clear that we're not considering anything right now on a going-forward basis as far as conversion. But it is public knowledge in terms of some of the major equipment deliveries that head boxes, dryer cans, refiners, press sections. You're talking about 18 to 20 month deliveries for critical pieces of equipment from the vendors around the world. So that's moved out even further than it had been a year ago.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And when you look at your fiber sourcing that we've heard from a few other producers around increased wood fiber costs following the hurricanes. Is that something that you've seen as well?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We have not been impacted directly because of the Carolina, Florence Hurricane or the Panhandle event. Again, our mill, Valdosta in particular and Jackson mill were out of the way. And so we've really not seen any impact in terms of deliveries or gate wood (36:32) pricing. Going forward, obviously theoretically, we would anticipate that there's a lot of pine that will be on the market as landowners have to harvest wood before it becomes non-usable in pulp and paper and lumber. So there could be an opportunity for some – in terms of an availability in some of these regions that were impacted by the hurricane. But, again, we're not seeing anything significant.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one for me is just on the export market. I mean you mentioned strong shipments into the export market and obviously you've got 30-plus countries, but anything you're seeing on pricing in the export market just given it seems like growth outside of the U.S. is maybe slowing a little bit. Anything you can give us there would be helpful. Thanks.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Scott, this is Tom. The only impact we really see in the export market is around tariffs and currency exchange. So, those are the primary factors going on right now. As I mentioned earlier, the prices are flat compared to last quarter.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Brian.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I just wanted to come back to demand maybe from a little bit of a different angle, but a lot of concern in the market these days just around macro and sort of where the forward demand outlook is. And some of the industry data in September was a little bit lighter than the trend that had been on. I just wondered if you could comment if you saw that as well. I think you talked about maybe periodic customer inventory adjustments being made, not sure if you saw that sort of in the middle of September like some of the trade periodicals reported. And just as you're looking into October, can you just clarify on that 2.5% number? Was that at an absolute basis or on a per day basis? Thanks.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Brian, this is Tom. The September numbers were a little lighter you said than the trend. In any given month, it's hard to estimate what really the trend is. You've got to look over a longer period of time. And so we see the trend is remaining pretty good. The number I'm talking about for the month of October is essentially where we are right now. We're still having a difficult time getting all the data out of Sacramento. They're not on our systems and that sort of stuff. So, I'm trying to blend Sacramento into what our current plans are, and that's where we're running right now.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And earlier, Mark, you talked about different options for cash, the buybacks. Obviously, one M&A in the past you've been active, but not so much in Sacramento. Just wondering, in the current environment, how much of a focus is M&A? And if there are conversations still going on there? Are you seeing any signs? Some of the asking prices at multiples might be coming down to reflect sort of what's going on in the public equity markets here?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No. Again, we'll continue to be opportunistic and look at one-off box plant businesses that would make sense for us. As far as multiples dropping, again, they're still – and if it's a high quality book of business, there's still a big demand for that out in the marketplace. So, I'm not seeing a big change in that. Tom, do you want to go ahead and add a little color to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I would say that's what's dropping is the availability of good businesses. As I mentioned earlier, I mean, the independent market has reduced so dramatically that do you know that there are much, much fewer options. I also would just mention that we did close on a small acquisition. It's – that's not – that we're not going to discuss. But it's just a small one that we just completed. More strategic in nature, but those are some of the things we'll continue to do.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. From the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks, and good morning, everyone.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I just have two quick ones. So, first of all, I guess to follow on Chip's question, can you just remind us please what your repo authorization might be at this stage?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I know it's $193 million, I believe. Bob?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Yeah.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: That's the number.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: $193 million dry powder? Okay. And then, secondly, I appreciate your perspective on the industry changes and the ability to absorb any new capacity. But assuming your system's virtually sold out a couple of years from now, can you give us a sense geographically where would be most advantageous to add given your box system in the freight environment?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Again, I don't want to speculate, and I don't want to get into – it's very proprietary at a minimum. And so that's something we're not going to discuss.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: From the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Tom, just one clarification back to the box demands. You're up 6.5% in 3Q including Sacramento. And then I think you said in October, you're up 2.5% exclusive of Sacramento. Should we assume the entire delta between the 6.5% in 3Q and the 2.5% in October, at least thus far, was the impact of Sacramento, or was there anything else going on there?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I don't think you can assume that in general, no. I think there is a lot of moving parts to our business. There's a lot of timing associated with when we're busier and when we're not busier. And the third quarter is a very strong quarter for us. Fourth quarter, we've got two less selling days, and we really don't know in any given fourth quarter. It's just hard to predict exactly what the volume is going to be. So this is just a very small snapshot of what the start to October is.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. No, thank you. And just one follow up to something you were talking about earlier with the capacity coming from the integrateds versus non-integrateds and talked about the small open market that exists. That the market's 90% integrateds. The idea being that given how small the open market is, that would perhaps prevent market entrants, but obviously, we've seen Nine Dragons as well as Midwest, Verso, McKinley, all of which are non-integrated announced capacity into what is a very small open market. So, any thoughts as to where all that paper would go given how small you talked about the open market being?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: But that's the point. Also you mentioned McKinley but they are, in fact, integrated into Mexico. But that's the point that Tom has made, and we've been talking about that. It's such a limited opportunity. Some of the Chinese activity that they have clearly called out that they will be moving that fiber back to China. And so if you have somebody that's going to try to produce a product in this country, they are very constrained within a geographic region, transportation cost phenomena, and then just the market opportunity. Tom?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I would also add, Adam, that we've already seen some demonstration of what's happening in the marketplace and we're seeing most of this paper trying to find a home in export markets, which is also somewhat difficult to do. I mean, export primarily focuses on virgin as opposed to recycled. And then, it's got to be a pretty good virgin sheet in order to enter into somebody's system, otherwise, it needs to move into the Middle East or something like that. And we're already seeing some of that. So, we're already getting the answers to what happens if you put in mill capacity and you don't have an integrated outlet for it. The other thing is, I think everybody needs to keep in mind that just because something was announced and this is to take place two, three years from now, depending on demand, depending on markets, everything else, that may or may not ever take place because these are huge, huge capital investments that have a high expectation for return. And if those returns aren't there, given the fact they may not have an outlet, that may never occur.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Tom and Mark, just had a question about any thoughts you had about demand more longer term. I know we've talked a lot about what the third and the fourth quarter is. But you notice that Amazon, despite its size, has doubled its fulfilment square footage in the last 30 months, which is about half the size of Manhattan, but fortunately, it's all flat. But when you look at that kind of investment that the market seems to think as it make sense, you would think that e-commerce alone could be adding quite a bit to demand. And as you all know from what we saw before the outsourcing days, we would typically see box demand mirror GDP all the way through till the year 2000. And now we're past outsourcing, but back then, we didn't have e-commerce. So, how do you think about the impact at e-commerce as you look out the next three years?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, e-commerce is much, much bigger than just Amazon. Many of our customers would be approximately 18,000 or 19,000 customers. Many of our customers utilize e-commerce to move their finished product out to their customer base. It just so happens that Amazon obviously is the big player in the United States, and so it captures a lot of the attention. That being said, it's certainly been a growth factor, e-commerce in general and Amazon. And so, again, it presents an opportunity for the industry on growth going forward. And, Tom, you want to add some comments? You spoke...
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I would say, Chip, that, I mean, it is amazing the growth rate that Amazon has. There's no question about that. It is absolutely amazing they're at the rate they are growing. But in addition, I think the other good news is that big box isn't dead either. And so brick and mortar is readjusting, and they're actually growing. So, I think that really bodes well for consumer spending and equally bodes well for our box business.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks. That's helpful.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Any other questions, please?
Operator: Certainly. We have a question from the line of Gabriel Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Just two quick ones. The $0.14 decline in the Paper business from lower volumes, is there something seasonal were stronger in the third quarter, or is that something that we can kind of extrapolate out over the next couple of quarters as you flip to containerboard?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No. That was related to exiting the pressure-sensitive business that we talked about during the year.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, nothing to do with the Wallula mill?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, it was the Wallula business. And again, that's – we talked about that when we announced the project prior to this year and we've spoken about that in January and April and July in terms of the quarter-to-quarter impact as we were unwinding that business through the summer months and through the remaining portion of this fourth quarter. We're selling out the rest of the inventory we had on hand. So it's just a declining volume that happens to be in the Paper segment.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. In addition to the tight conditions that Mark spoke of earlier when we're on allocation and inventories are extremely low, so we're just having to really watch what we can sell right now to properly manage our inventories for the future which also had a downward push on volumes.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And I think you addressed it a little bit before, Bob, in a previous question, the 50,000 ton inventory build, and then what you're planning to do taking a little bit down again this quarter to complete your work. Depending on, I guess, how demand shakes out, would you anticipate that inventories would be up at the end of the year versus the third quarter or flat? And then, you mentioned Q1 being a heavy maintenance year. I think this year was pretty large as well. Would you envision it being bigger than Q1 of 2018? Or any sense for that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: This is Mark. Let me answer the inventory. We'd anticipate that year-end inventories for 2018 would be similar to year-end inventories for 2017. And then regarding the second part of your question, we will call out specifically during the January call what the annual shutdown impact will be in terms of costs for the year.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thank you. Two quick ones for me, guys. Thanks for taking my call. First of all, piggybacking on Chip's question, does the growth of e-commerce and the packaging required for that have any implications for the sheet of paper? So, might we see more light weights with e-commerce or not necessarily? Question one. Question two. Flexibility has always been something that PKG tries to manage across its system, across its converting network. With recovered paper prices being as low as they are, does that suggest perhaps you'd be a little bit more open to having more recycled content, more OCC in your mix or whatever RCP in the future? Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter again.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Second part of the question. We anticipate that OCC as a fiber supply to the world will establish a new equilibrium over time. The world still needs essentially the same amount of fiber at the beginning of the year, and China still requires the most fiber of any country. They still consume more total cellulosic fiber than anybody in the world. And so we would anticipate longer term that OCC continues to be volatile, and we would rather not be tied to that in any significant manner, but we would obviously remain flexible and opportunistic in how we're able to utilize it. The first part of your question, Tom, do you want to...
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I would say that the growth in e-commerce, I mean, does not necessarily dictate more light weights. I mean, it could be – it's a mixed bag as well depending on the size of the box, depending on the performance that somebody is looking for, etcetera. So, I think if there's any change, it's minimal.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Any other questions, please?
Operator: No, Mr. Kowlzan. I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I just want to thank everybody for joining us on the call. And we look forward to talking with you in January to wrap up the full-year 2018 and the fourth quarter 2018. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2018 Earning Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $187 million or $1.97 per share. Second quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.11 per share primarily for certain costs related to discontinuing paper operations associated with previously announced conversion of the No. 3 machine at the Wallula, Washington mill over to linerboard. Excluding these special items, second quarter 2018 net income was $197 million or $2.08 per share compared to the second quarter 2017 net income of $144 million or $1.52 per share. Second quarter net sales were $1.8 billion in 2018 and $1.6 billion in 2017. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter excluding special items was $382 million in 2018 and $328 million in 2017. Excluding the special items, second quarter 2018 earnings per share of $2.08 was $0.56 per share above the second quarter 2017, driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.47 and volumes $0.26 in our Packaging segment, higher prices and mix in our Paper segment of $0.05, lower fiber costs $0.07, which was a combination of improved fiber usage and lower OCC prices, and a favorable tax rate of $0.16, primarily resulting from Tax Reform changes. These items were partially offset by higher operating costs totaling $0.24 per share and converting costs $0.02, primarily due to the inflation-related increases with labor and benefits costs, repair and material costs, environmental and other professional services, equipment and building rental costs, et cetera, as well as the addition of converting costs related to our Sacramento Container acquisition. We also had higher freight expense of $0.09, costs related to the Wallula No. 3 machine, conversion of $0.04, higher annual outage expenses of $0.01, as well as higher depreciation $0.02, and other costs $0.03. Our results were $0.12 per share above the second quarter guidance primarily due to higher prices and mix and higher volumes in our Packaging and Paper segments, and lower mill operating costs. Looking at the Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter 2018 of $363 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 24.2% versus last year's EBITDA of $305 million and sales of $1.3 billion or a 23.3% margin. We continued to run our containerboard mills all out in order to keep up with the demand and they performed extremely well during the quarter. We successfully executed scheduled maintenance outages at two of our mills, and the first phase of conversion work on the No. 3 machine at the Wallula mill to a high-performance 100% virgin kraft linerboard machine was executed extremely well both from a ramp-up curve perspective, as well as operating costs perspective. These outstanding efforts allowed us to achieve all-time record containerboard shipments and supply all-time record box shipments. We ended the quarter with containerboard inventories about 8,000 tons above the first quarter 2018 levels and almost 54,000 tons above the second quarter of 2017, primarily due to the addition of inventory needs of the Sacramento Container acquisition and the need to build inventory in certain regions of the country in order to help mitigate the higher freight and logistics issues that we continue to face. And now, I'm going to turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on containerboard sales and corrugating business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. Overall, corrugated products and containerboard demand remained very strong during the quarter. As Mark indicated, in corrugated products, we achieved all-time record for quarterly box shipments which were higher in total by 8.3%, with one additional workday or 6.6% per workday compared to the second quarter of 2017. Continued strong demand in both our domestic and export markets improved our outside sales volume of containerboard by over 21,000 tons versus last year's second quarter. Outside volume was over 11,000 tons below the first quarter of 2018 in order to help supply record shipments from our internal plants. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.38 per share above the second quarter of 2017 and up $0.19 per share compared to the first quarter of 2018. The realization from our announced price increases was greater in this year's second quarter compared to last year, as the key containerboard price index, which many contractors tie to, occurred one month earlier than last year and our implementation was executed faster than last year as well. Export containerboard prices were up $0.09 per share compared to the second quarter of 2017 and up $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter of 2018. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter was $38 million, with sales of $251 million or 15% margin, compared to the second quarter 2017 EBITDA of $41 million and sales of $254 million or 16% margin. Our announced price increases were realized quicker than anticipated during the quarter and volume for our cut-size and printing and converting products remained strong. The decline in EBITDA and margin versus last year was due to the low results in our pressure sensitive business at the Wallula mill. Additionally, inflation on input costs and operating costs as well as higher freight and logistics expenses negatively impacted EBITDA during the quarter. Excluding the results of Wallula's pressure sensitive business that we're phasing out of, our ongoing Paper business EBITDA margin was 17% for the quarter. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $166 million, common stock dividends totaling $59 million, interest payments of $39 million, and $12 million for state income tax payments. We ended the quarter with $200 million of cash on hand. There are no changes to our 2018 estimate range for our combined federal and state cash tax rate of 15% to 16% and our book effective tax rate of 24% to 26%. However, versus the guidance we provided back in January, our planned annual maintenance outage costs will be higher by $0.02 per share in the third quarter and lower by $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter. The full year total will now be $0.01 higher, totaling $0.61 per share for 2018. In addition, we have updated our full year 2018 estimate for capital spending to a range between $530 million to $550 million compared to the $440 million to $460 million we provided you earlier this year. The increase is attributable to addressing profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities at several of our box plants, the large plant expansions going on in the Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Virginia regions that we've mentioned previously, as well as a few high return, quick payback projects in a couple of our containerboard mills related to fiber and energy. These projects along with our recent 25% dividend increase fit in very well with our expected cash flow and our balanced approach towards cash allocation in order to profitably grow our company, maximize returns to our shareholders, while still maintaining the financial flexibility to act upon accretive M&A opportunities and adhere to our conservative balance sheet approach as we have in the past. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead as we move from the second into the third quarter, we anticipate continued strong demand in our Packaging segment. However, corrugated product shipments will have one less shipping day during this quarter. As Tom mentioned, although the majority of our previously announced price increases were recognized in the second quarter, we expect to implement most of the remaining portion during this third quarter. In the Paper segment, we expect to complete the implementation of our previously announced paper price increase. However, volumes which are currently on allocation should be lower than normal during the seasonally stronger period as we manage our already tight inventory levels around the scheduled outage at our Jackson mill. Finally, we should have improved operating costs related to the No. 3 machine at our Wallula mill, as the ramp-up curve from the first phase of the conversion is now behind us. We expect continued inflation in most of our operating costs including slightly higher recycled fiber prices and incremental wage pressure with a tighter labor market. As Bob mentioned, our scheduled maintenance outage costs will be $0.02 per share higher than the original third quarter guidance. And we anticipate freight and logistics expenses, as well as slightly higher tax rates. Considering these items, we expect a third quarter earnings of $2.14 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors on our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, Heidi, could you open up the call for questions, please?
Operator: Certainly. And your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes, hi. Good morning, Mark, Bob and Tom. First question has to do with, you mentioned some very strong – relative to what – I think you sell pricing benefits in the export markets and if you could give us an idea of how many tons you generally sell there, and do you think some of the issues in China with their shortage of OCC, shortage of board is putting out a very strong bid for export prices for pretty much anything that can be sold?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Tom, why don't you go ahead and talk about that one?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Chip, we don't go into great detail about what our exact sales are on the export market. But I will say that the market has remained strong as you can see indicated by our sales. The pricing has still remained very solid, and I see that continuing. Relative to China, I mean, you get back to the same thing. They've got to get fiber into their market. We've got the whole OCC thing that's going on and nobody can predict really what the future holds other than we know one thing, they're going to have to have fiber. So, that's probably going to pool from different areas and different regions of the world. And so, I think that the global market still should remain very good.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Chip, just keep in mind, over the years, the amount of tons we've moved offshore probably been in the range of 8% to 10% of our total production year-to-year, and that hasn't changed that dramatically. We continue to take advantage of the legacy customer relationships we've got around the globe, we probably sell them to about 36 countries still throughout the world. So, that's pretty consistent.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got it. That's very helpful. And looking at your current footprint and I know things can change, you mentioned the almost $100 million increase in CapEx, is any of that maybe timing-wise attributable to the tax incentives we have where, I guess, you get the full write-off? And maybe directionally, getting back to the first part of the question, when you look at your current footprint, do you think directionally we would see the numbers stay in the same area? In other words, are there opportunities like these to the same magnitude next year or do you think it might back off a little bit, again, assuming no major change in your footprint?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: So, first part of the question, the fact that taxes are lower certainly helps us. But the bigger factor is that we've got tremendous opportunity especially on the converting side of the business and that we're aggressively going after on the corrugated side. We've recognized these opportunities, we've got the demand, and so we're taking advantage of that demand and opportunity and the improved tax position.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Next year.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: And then, so for next year, if you think about a lot of the capital this year went into DeRidder activity and Wallula mill activity. Theoretically, we don't have as much – because it's a conversion cost, those are big one-offs. So, those shouldn't be there unless obviously something came along in the future. But the spending level will remain higher on the corrugated product side to take advantage of the demand. We should see the mill side coming down accordingly because of the big projects won this year. Tom, do you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I would just add that one thing hasn't changed at all in the way we do business and that is we don't just invest the capital in the hopes to get the business, we do it based on what our customers tell us and what the demands they have and what our opportunities are that are already in place. So, this isn't a build it and they will come. So, I think when you look at the future, Chip, you say what kind of opportunities do we have in the future, I would expect we'll continue to have these kind of opportunities because they are customer growth.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question please.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. I'm hoping you could give us a little more insight into the Wallula ramp versus your expectations, what still to come and what happens before the engineers turn onto the next thing. And you've said that that tonnage already has a home. As that adjustment takes place from purchased tons to internal ton, are we going to be able to see that, or is that going to get caught up in this cost inflation?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: The first part, talking about the ramp-up, we are extremely pleased with our machine started up. We are essentially a few days ahead of schedule. Machine was selling very good quality product within a few hours of startup. The performance of the machine, if you think about the terms that I talk about quite frequently, and that's about time and efficiency on a paper machine, the Wallula No. 3 machine quickly became the – I believe it was the second best running machine in the company in the month of June with extremely high efficiency performance. Quality has been great, but again we are limited in productivity because we don't have the new press section and headbox. And so, we'll wait for that in October, we're running – on a daily run rate basis, we're running about where we expected to on tons. We don't disclose that. But we're probably somewhere around 60% of the total estimated machine design. But the great thing is we took all of the learnings from DeRidder and I mentioned this on a lot of the prior calls. We took three-and-a-half years' worth of learnings at DeRidder and compressed that into this outage this past May and went ahead with everything all at one time essentially and we'll finish that in October. So, so far, we're extremely pleased. And then to the other part of your question, for the first half of the year, we purchased outside tons, about 192,000 tons, 195,000 tons, somewhere in that area give or take a few thousand tons. Those tons for the remaining portion of the year – we will bring the purchased tonnage rate down. We're taking advantage of the productivity out of Wallula. And as we said, we have a home for those tons. Those tons will take the place of some of the purchased tons. And so, we'll definitely take advantage of the Wallula production.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Just one last question. Once Wallula is fully up and running, what do you think your overall net short position in the company is going to be?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We're going to probably stay in this range of 200,000 tons of outside purchases right now and that depend – I mean, if you assume that demand remains strong and trending in what we've seen, it is in our best interest to continue buying some of these outside tons because of the transportation benefits we see from the regions we buy within.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Makes sense. Thank you, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tom.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Hey, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Mark, if we just take a step further back on this China issue, do you have any thoughts on the prospective changes in the way China sources fiber for paperboard packaging and what the implications may be for the North American industry and for PCA over the next 5 or 10 years?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Mark, everything is so dynamic in that regard. The news we see every week, I think, is quite interesting coming out of China. We could think about it in the last 20, 25 years on containerboards trying to build about 50 million ton system, what that says is they have to get fiber from somewhere, what that fiber source is, if they're going to run that system. So, I really don't have a good answer. It's pure speculation on my part and I'd rather not get into a speculative discussion with you. But to your point, they have to get fiber, if they are going to run their containerboard system or buy linerboard from essentially the U.S. market to ship linerboard to supply their box needs. Tom, do you want to add to that at all?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Mark, I mean, it just depends on what you read and what you hear from other – what I'd say knowledgeable people. But, it looks like they may be trying to create more of a closed loop system like Europe has down the road where they're collecting their own recycled fiber that feeds back into the mills. But, of course, as we all know, you got to have virgin to be able to have that system, which I think it would indicate that they're either going to – they got to get their virgin fiber somewhere and then it's primarily probably going to come from the U.S., and that may be reflective of some of the investments that some of the Chinese firms are making in the United States as well. I think they're probably looking at the potential of exporting containerboard or pulp or whatever the case might be back into China. That also could revolve around tariff issues as well. Who knows? But that's the way we see it right now.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Okay. The other question I had is just you've seen, Tom, to be growing the box business more rapidly than I can recall in the 20 or so years you've been a public company. Can you give us some sense of where you think you're going to be at in terms of integration level by the end of 2019 with this incremental investment you're making in the box business and the high growth rates you've had?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, let me answer it this way. I don't know what Tom comment. We continue to run – and we just define it as it's fully integrated. We're moving some containerboard tons outside domestic and export. We're buying some of those tons and net that out. But when you call 95% integrated or 99% or 100% or 102%, we're running fully integrated. And I would expect that as time goes on, especially with the Wallula tons coming up by the end of the year, next year, we'll continue to be in that position, fully integrated. And that's a place we feel really comfortable. It's a good place for us to be. It gives us the ability to source our containerboard in ways that we find advantageous to us. Especially within our own containerboard system, we're able to run it full health and take advantage of our own efficiencies. And so, I would expect that next year, we'll be talking along the same lines. Tom, do you want to...
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I'd just say, Mark, I mean, if you think about the prior comments that we've made around the fact that we don't add capacity just for the sake of adding capacity. I mean, we know we have the demand for that. And we said that prior to the Wallula project, we said we were at 95% plus integration and that's exactly where we'll be when Wallula is fully ramped up. And I'd just add that one of the reasons we do the outside purchase is we don't make all the grades. And so, it's more advantageous for us in some cases to buy those grades on the outside as opposed to try to make those grades internally.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Okay. The one other thing, just related to these conversions, your cost per unit on the conversions seems to be quite a bit lower than some of the other projects we see out there. Mark, do you have just sort of a couple of general thoughts on that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, every mill is unique, every mill has certain design characteristics, and I've said this for a number of years now. Any mill can be converted to make virtually any kind of paper product or board product. It's how much you're willing to pay. And obviously, people are willing to pay more and less in some cases. We have to be very good at understanding how to apply minimum effective capital and get the most return for that dollar. A part of what we do and we've done this for decades is a somewhat of a phased approach. So, we go in with one or two phases at a minimum and make sure we don't overspend. And then, when the first phase is done, it's easier to look at what opportunities did you leave on the table, and that's part of our engineering excellence and operating prowess. So, again, I think but it goes back to, every mill is unique and every mill has its strengths and weaknesses. So, that's pretty much it.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's helpful. I'll turn it over. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Yes. The next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I wanted to start on the investments that you're making in converting, Tom and Mark, and recognizing you're not going to get into much detail on a live mic presentation, can you give us a little bit more detail in terms of what changes you see in end markets, how they're evolving over time, whether it's more growth in one versus another or changes within one, say like e-commerce, that may be framing the investments that you're making in Wisconsin or Pennsylvania? And any other color around those areas, that would be helpful to start.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: George, this is Tom. I'll just give you a kind of a general answer to this. And then, if you really want to get into more specifics, I mean, you can follow up. But our investments in the converting area are around a couple of things. One is, I told you, it's based primarily on customer demand and what a customer wants. But also, when we're making these investments, obviously, we're looking at the cost side of the equation as well. We're looking at better efficiencies. We're looking at lowering our labor costs, as an example, and more automation, those sorts of things. Those are really the primary drivers that we're looking at in terms of these investments. The end markets that are evolving, I mean, I think what you're seeing right now is and we'll see the GDP number tomorrow, I believe, for the past quarter that it's projected to be up around 4%. And in order to get those kind of GDP numbers, obviously, we've had – a lot of sectors have to be growing and a lot of things have to be happening in those sectors. I think we're fortunate because we're aligned with so many thousands of customers and so many different businesses that we're already entrenched there and we're able to react quickly to whatever those changes are and what those demands are that are driven in those particular markets. And then subsequently, we're making those capital investments around those particular needs that our customers have.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for the thoughts on that, Tom. And then, going from bigger picture maybe to some more nut-and-bolt types of questions, and I'll turn it over, in terms of the variance and the change in EBITDA in Packaging, when I look at second quarter 2018 versus 2017 and looking at the year-on-year that occurred and the improvement in performance there, it works out to roughly about $58 a ton in the second quarter of this year versus $39 a ton in the second quarter of 2017. And both of these quarters obviously had a price increase at the beginning of the quarter. Is all of that change and improvement explained by the timing difference in pricing or were there other factors at work? That's question number one. The other question, when we think about third quarter of 2018 versus third quarter of 2017 and the sequential trends that you were seeing in inflation, overall, are you seeing more inflationary pick-ups this year versus last year? And if you could put some numbers or some source on that, that would be great. Thank you, guys. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Let me start out with this and then Bob can add to this or Tom can add. So, to your first question, it's primarily timing. And then the second question, we called out in January and reminded everyone in April that factors such as energy, chemicals and freight were significant this year, and that's what we've seen. And so, the logistics issues, not just the cost of rail or cost of truck, but again, just the availability and what that does to certain lanes and certain regions. But, Bob or Tom, do you want to add supporting details?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I was going to say, yeah, freight, George, is one of the larger ones that Mark mentioned, in addition to some of the chemicals and whatnot. But labor infringes (31:02) due to the tight labor markets, that's a big change compared to the same period last year, as well as just inflation on all those things that don't get talked about a lot like repairs and materials and supplies and all these outside services and contractors, people who are service providers to your company, they're having to pay more and they're charging you more. So, all that is more than we've seen in prior periods, for sure.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Good luck in the quarter, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of (31:43) with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. The first one centers around the Wallula conversion and sort of looking at the task ahead of you in October. Can you highlight for us maybe some of the key risks that you see with putting in the headbox and the press section? Is it more risky, less risky than what you've already done either operationally or from the cost side?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. The risks are the same. It comes down to two factors: that the vendor that has supplied you with this equipment has done a proper job in building this equipment to proper specifications, and then it comes down to us installing this in a precision manner and yet we've proven we're very good at that. So, I am saying that the risks are no different than what we've done over the years. We just have to execute well and do it very efficiently. So, quite frankly, the work we just completed this spring was more complex and more demanding than what we have coming up in October. In October, we have discrete work going on. It's a headbox change-out. It's press section component change-out. So, it's more concentrated with a smaller region compared to what we've just gone through this spring. So, again, I'm not worried about the risks.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you. And then, Tom, you normally try to give us a sense for how things are trending in the corrugated business thus far in the third quarter, could you do that for us?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Through 14 days of July, we're up 5.5%. July is an unusual month usually every year because it tends to be just a little bit slower. So, it's trending that way. It'll continue to ramp up through the month. So, we see demand still very strong. And we had a little unusual Fourth of July in the middle of a week which really caused some changes with some of our customers, but again, that's why it'll continue to ramp up through the month. So, all in all, it's still very strong.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: From the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about the commentary you had around inventory management related to your Jackson mill. Is that a thing just related to the project there in the quarter or should we expect anything to move through into Q4? And could you just give us a sense of how material it is in the quarter for guidance?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Let me answer the first part of that. Obviously, we've been running under an allocated mode in the Paper business. So, with the fact that you have a shutdown, we only have two mills in the Paper business. So, you're taking half of your Paper business down for its annual shutdown. And so, where we are in allocations to many of our customers, we've already depleted inventories down to certain levels that we have just managed. And so, it's just a case of some – the business is strong. We have the scheduled outage and we will get through that. And so, fourth quarter, both mills will run. If demand continues to run in the range it's been, you'll continue to be running in an allocated mode. And so, it's just – we'll update you in October where we are with inventories. But, certainly, the outage does change some of the metrics on what you're able to do or not do in terms of supporting customers. So, we plan that for the year and that's how it works out.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And my second question, thank you for the disclosure around the updated capital allocation or CapEx specifically. I'm just curious if we should read into this at all that the attractiveness, acquiring bolt-on acquisitions, specifically converting assets is something that's less desirable for you at this point. Really, just looking at kind of multiples for converting assets currently or is there something else that we should read through from this?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No, not at all, Debbie. If the opportunities come along and present themselves in terms of acquisition opportunities, we will fully take advantage of that. In the meantime, as Tom mentioned, we're fully taking advantage of growth with customer demand and taking advantage of that within the regions, or within certain plants. And so, we're going to take advantage of both sides of that equation.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. First, just on the corrugated pricing side, you had mentioned that it was better than normal, I believe, in terms of the way the increase is being put through. Was that just an observation on the pace of which the price increase is being put through or does that also characterize the degree of pass-through you feel you're going to be able to get, and if there's any color you can provide as to whether or not you might get more than full forward pass-through into boxes at this juncture?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Mark, what you have to understand, demand has been obviously very strong. And the first part of your question was truly is a timing related factor that the index picked up with pricing, we're able to execute on that, and Tom's group did a great job executing on that. Tom, do you want to add a little more to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I think, probably one of the best examples would be this in regards to timing. So, if you have contracts that go up on a quarterly basis and you have a price increase as we did this year in March, announced in March, you can capture that in the second quarter. Last year, price increase was represented in RISI in April. Therefore, that catch-up wasn't until the third quarter. So, that's probably the best example – as an example of timing that you have, Mark. And relative to the rest of the price increase, we'll have to just talk about that at a future date, you'll see that in our earnings.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. But, when you had mentioned that the majority was recognized in the quarter, I assume that's a reference to by quarter end as opposed to the average price during the quarter, is that fair?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: That's fair.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then, lastly, I guess, I'm just trying to understand the industry data, the last 12 months, and not your – your performance, I'd just say, very strong in the volume side, but the industry data has been a little bit softer the last couple of months even while – as you referenced GDP is very – is likely going to be coming in very strong. Any thoughts as to what might be happening?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: It just depends on where you are and depends on the business. We see a lot of strength in some areas and we see a little more softness in other areas. We talk to a lot of our customers and talk about reducing inventories and doing other things like that, that can create some swings over a 30 or 60-day period. If I look across there, almost 20,000 customers, I mean, I can tell you that for the most part, they're reporting strong demand. And you'll see some seasonal swings in terms of agriculture, some other things. I mean, the graphics business is seasonal. So, if you just look in the last few months, I mean, they sometimes tend to be the softer months anyway in any given year.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Mark and Bob, good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Adam.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just two questions, one back to the CapEx issue for one second. Sorry to harp on this, but it sounds like your CapEx will be up about $200 million 2018 versus 2017, obviously, some of that's the Wallula conversion, and I think someone asked you this earlier, but could you give us some sense as to what you think a normalized number is or a maintenance number is such that we have some idea of the degree to which CapEx is likely to drop off in 2019 versus 2018?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, talking about the discrete opportunities, if you think about the big buckets of capital, you had the DeRidder spend, you had the Wallula project spend, and then, you had some of the converting side, big projects, the new plant we're building up in Wisconsin, and then some of the big regional reconfiguration projects that are very discrete one-off type opportunities. And then, as we go forward, you will normalize in terms of ratios of maintenance to profit enhancing capital opportunities. And so, over the long term, the ratio of maintenance CapEx to profit improvement should remain somewhere in the normal range at the same store. But for the time being, while we got the demand, this will allow us to take advantage of this growth opportunity, we will apply capital and continue to do that. Bob, do you want to add to that?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I'll say, Adam, the delta you mentioned between 2017 and 2018 and your question around 2019, I'd say, because of the investments on the box plant side of the business with the mill side coming down from the DeRidder and Wallula spending this year, I'd say, the delta for 2018/2019 will be about half of what you saw for 2017 to 2018 right now would be a good ballpark.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you for that. And then, just a housekeeping, just how much of the box and white paper price increases did you realize in Q2 and how much do you have remaining in 3Q or second half?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We're not going to get into the specific on that. We've got obviously some contractual type activities and some of that kicked in on July 1. We'll have a little of that that kicks in later in the quarter. And then, the lion's share of it is in the quarter and just wrapping up a few odds and ends in terms of customers. And on the Paper, the same thing. We've got the bulk of that was picked up in the second quarter. We got some contractual that kicked in as of July 1, and then we got a few others rolling in as we speak, so. But I'm not going to get into the details on that.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, Mark. Just couple of quick questions on input costs. I mean, you mentioned higher recycled fiber going into 3Q versus 2Q. Can you talk a little bit more detailed about that? And then also, what are you seeing around virgin fiber? Are you seeing increased inflationary rates on virgin fiber, or is it still sort of couple of percent a year inflationary pressure on virgin fiber?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Regarding recycled fiber, two components of that. If you think about OCC that we use in containerboard side and then some of the sorted office waste – sorted office paper, sorted white ledger type product that we use in the paper mill side of the business, we have seen within regions, OCC has moved up, DLK and LCC (44:40) moved up in a few of the regions where there's very strong demand, sorted white ledger, and some of the recycled white grades have stayed up and moved up, so that continues to be on the high side. Bob?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I would say, Scott, just relative to Wallula and then as we bring more of that capacity on and as we'd talk about when we announced that project, fiber in that part of the country is higher than it is for the company on average. So, as that becomes more – we purchase more of that to supply Wallula, that would move up the average on the virgin fiber side of things relative to what you've seen in the past.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Within the legacy side of the business, we haven't seen much change. Again, it's typically weather-related phenomena within the regions and everything is pretty flat quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year right now.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And when you look at this CapEx that you're spending, obviously, recycled fiber input costs coming down in total even if they're going to go back up in the second half of the year some, are you looking at potentially investing in some of your mills to up the capacity or the ability to take on some of this recycled or mixed waste paper as part of your production process?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Not currently.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. One last one for me. Just around the increases in inventory, I mean, as you bring these new facilities up on line, like Wallula, is there some view to pulling inventories back down because you'll be in a better situation from a location perspective around freight cost?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, theoretically, that's what you'd want to do and so we will continue to monitor the logistics, freight issues on a daily, weekly, monthly basis and see what we're capable of doing as Wallula comes on to full capability at the end of the year. But, theoretically, that's where we want to be.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: I'd just say one other thing, Scott, to your question about our mills and using recycled – it's about who we sell our products to, and all fibers are not equal. That's why when you look at the capacity coming on, if it's recycled capacity versus virgin, it's a big difference because it serves different customers and we and the products that we sell are primarily virgin-based and that's a big difference because all fiber is not the same. You can't just start running it through your mill system because the price is lower. You don't end up where you want to be from servicing the customers.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thanks, Bob. Thanks, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning, everyone.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I kind of want to take the opposite tack of that thing on the inventory levels. If freight is increasingly expensive and perhaps a bottleneck, does it make sense to hold more inventory at some of your box plants simply to reduce that cost?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, from a real-time point of view, we will do whatever makes sense whether it's on a weekly, or monthly, or quarterly basis to understand how do we take advantage of the mill production capability and the box plant needs. And so, the fact that we have Wallula coming on now really helps us fill out our U.S. regional requirements on how we have to supply these box plants. But it's something that you are monitoring, again, daily, weekly, monthly and we'll have a much better capability on how that works out. But, again, a lot of work. Everything depends on transportation availability and transportation cost. (48:42)
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I just wanted to ask on the Paper side of the business. It seems a little bit stronger than we were expecting in the quarter. You mentioned kind of being on allocation. I just wanted a few thoughts on pull forward and volumes ahead of some of the announced price increases. And hoping you could also just comment on the – where those price increases stand at the moment, if you got any of it in the quarter or kind of how much you expect to get in 3Q.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Just on the first part of your question, we didn't see any pull forward. It's just that all year it's been a very robust, tight market for cut-size and converting grades, offset printing and the envelop-type grades. So, we're living through a very robust market. We're running full out. And so, it's that simple. And regarding pricing, we're not going to comment on the pricing anymore than we already have in terms of what we captured in the second quarter and then a few remaining contractual obligations that are rolling to the third quarter. Bob, do you want to add anything?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No. I think that covers it.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And I just want to follow up on – just back to the $100 million of incremental CapEx, would it be reasonable to assume something around a 20% return that you'd be targeting on that investment and in what year or what kind of cadences realizing that should we expect?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, we generally are more ambitious than 20%, and so I'm not going to qualify that except to say that the projects that we've identified are right in line with our historical return expectations. And so, we'll answer it that way.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Good morning. Thank you. I just wanted to dig into demand a little bit further. When you speak to your customers, are you hearing any concerns or any thoughts that they might adjust their business given all the trade issues that have been roiling for the last couple of months?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Hi, Gail. This is Tom. We hear a little bit. I mean, obviously, they're concerned to some extent, but it hasn't impacted demand as of this point in time.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And then, when you look at uncoated freesheet and your own allocation, you kind of seem to expect that to continue for the foreseeable future. I'm just wondering, any sense that customers are starting to look abroad again and that imports might start to creep up?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, publications have called out that there's some incremental tonnage coming in for long shorts (51:55), nothing significant, but you would expect some of that. But, again, in total, the imports are a small percentage of the total demand in the United State, so.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: All right. If I could just sneak in one last one, trade publications have talked about Chinese producers looking to process waste paper outside of China and then import it to China. I'm just wondering if you have any perspective on whether that makes any sense cost-wise, like, whether there's – this is an area that you can see that would make sense to create recycled pulp sheets in Southeast Asia and then ship it to China.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. You got to talk to them. I mean, I'll be just offering speculation. I mean, they are the ones who are running their own models and trying to understand how they satisfy their own needs.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Mark, this morning, we saw – Cascades has indicated they're going to convert a mill in Virginia. At least, from what I've heard folks like you and others in the industry say, it's simply that, if you can convert anything, you've said on the call, if you put the money into it. What I'm asking is, it seems like the only announcements we've seen and it seems like seven of the top eight have either said they're not doing something like WestRock or – where they've actually made announcements for the next four years. The only ones involving $100 million or more dollars, or real money, are the top eight integrated, or within that top eight integrated players. And question is, does the level of vertical integration in the industry make it just unwise to do a project without having a box plant system, or said – to say differently, if you decided to enter the U.S. industry today, would you need to also build a whole network of box plants at least as you look at the economics?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: And again, looking at two parts of that question. Cascades is an integrated company. And so, they already have demand as you would expect an integrated company would have that that would seem to be the logic of why they would be looking at capacity. And so, it's not as just somebody just thinking about building a mini mill and then trying to understand how they go to market. In this case, they're an integrated North American participant and that has converting capacity and converting demands. Tom, do you want to answer the other part of that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Chip, I would just say that my opinion is, is that you're absolutely correct when you say you have to have some sort of a level of vertical integration in order to take on a project like this. And of course, I mean, when you're talking about the level of integration in the total industry, it's incredibly high. And so, if we modeled a mill that we said we were going to do with no customers, it would appear that we would have to sell from coast to coast and we would have to get a significant market share just to be able to continue to operate that mill. So, I think you're right on in terms of what people would have to do in order to really get these conversions in place. And, as Mark said to Scott, I mean, they can export back into Canada, they can do a whole lot of different things. But, again, that's – very few have been virgin and most all of these have been 100% recycled which, as Bob alluded to, again, that's – you narrow your market when you're producing just that grade.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Just following up on Scott's earlier question on CapEx. With the high-return projects on the mill side, is it accurate to say those are purely cost reduction projects and you're not debottlenecking any capacity either virgin or recycled? And does any of the work on the mill side carry through to, I mean, first half of 2019?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. There are two discrete projects that we move forward funding on. One is a high-return energy project and that's at the Filer City mill, and the other is a fiber-related project. It's a virgin wood chips-related capacity opportunity at the Counce mill. But it's a high-return investment at Counce for woodyard enhancement. Those are two good examples of high-return cost.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the converting side, I mean, Tom, you reminded us you don't add capacity in anticipation of demand or waiting for demand to come. Is it fair to say that you're sold out or running on allocation maybe in some areas of your corrugated business?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I never like to use the word sold out or anything like that because we do have other plants, they can pick up the slack and with literally just under 100 plants around the country, we work very hard to service our customers totally. But, yeah, you could say that in these particular cases, I mean, demand is outstripping our ability to supply some particular markets with our current customer base. So, therefore that's why we're doing the things that we're currently doing in the box plants.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, there are no more questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes, Heidi. Thanks a lot. Everybody, I appreciate you joining us on the call and look forward to having you join us on the third quarter call in October. Have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC George Leon Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of Packaging Corporation of America. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob who will provide more details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $140 million or $1.48 per share. First quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.07 per share primarily related to the discontinuing paper operations associated with the previously announced conversion of the number three paper machine at our Wallula, Washington mill to linerboard. Excluding special items, first quarter 2018 net income was $147 million or $1.55 per share compared to the first quarter of 2017 net income of $120 million or $1.27 per share. First quarter net sales were $1.7 billion in 2018 and $1.5 billion in 2017. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter excluding special items was $322 million in 2018 and $299 million in 2017. Excluding the special items, first quarter 2018 earnings per share of $1.55 was $0.28 per share above the first quarter of 2017, driven primarily by higher prices in mix of $0.39 and volumes $0.19 in our Packaging segment. Higher volumes in our Paper segment were $0.02 and a favorable tax rate $0.19 resulting from the recent tax reform changes. These items were partially offset by higher operating and converting cost totaling $0.24 per share, primarily due to the inflation related increases with labor and benefits costs, repair and material costs, environmental and other professional services costs, equipment and building rental costs as well as the addition of operating cost related to our Sacramento Container acquisition. We also incurred weather related costs at some of our mills and box plants early in the quarter and again in March that did impact some of our box plants in the North East. In addition, we have lower prices in mix in our Paper segment for $0.05; higher annual outage expenses, $0.11; higher freight expense, $0.07; higher depreciation, $0.03; and higher interest expense, $0.01. Our results were $0.03 per share above first quarter guidance primarily due to higher volumes and prices in mix in our Packaging and Paper segments, partially offset by higher than expected freight expenses and operating cost. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the first quarter 2018 of $308 million with sales of $1.4 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $274 million and sales of $1.3 billion or a 21.7% margin. Our containerboard mills ran extremely well. We successfully executed scheduled maintenance outages at three of the mills and the production optimization were completed at our DeRidder Mill during their scheduled outage exceeded our expectations with very strong performance immediately after the start-up. This outstanding effort, along with the inventory we were able to build prior to the outages, allowed us to achieve record first quarter containerboard shipments and supply a record first quarter box shipments. We entered the quarter with containerboard inventories over 23,000 tons below year-end 2017 levels and 31,000 tons above the first quarter of 2017 primarily due to the addition of the inventory needs of our Sacramento Container acquisition. I'll now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. Overall, corrugated products and containerboard demand remained very strong during the quarter. As Mark indicated, in corrugated products, we had record first quarter box shipments which were higher in total by 6% with one less workday or 7.7% per workday compared to the first quarter of 2017. Continued strong demand in both our domestic and export markets improved our outside sales volume of containerboard by about 23,000 tons versus last year's first quarter. Outside volume was 9,000 tons below the fourth quarter of 2017 in order to help supply our internal plants during the scheduled outages at our mills. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.29 per share above the first quarter of 2017 and up $0.05 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Export containerboard prices were up $0.10 per share compared to the first quarter of 2017 and up $0.01 per share compared to fourth quarter of 2017. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the first quarter was $31 million, with sales of $269 million or 12% margin compared to the first quarter of 2017 EBITDA of $42 million and sales of $259 million or 16% margin. Although we have strong cut-size and printing and converting volumes for the quarter, up 33,000 tons compared to the first quarter of 2017, the decline in EBITDA versus last year was primarily due to the lower volume and higher cost in our pressure-sensitive business as we continue to phase out those products out of our Wallula mill. Also, we experienced lower prices and mix across all grades, inflation on input costs and operating costs, as well as higher freight expenses. However, compared to the fourth quarter of 2017, and excluding the pressure-sensitive business, we continue to see realization of our recent price increases, with average cut-size and printing and converting prices up 1% and volumes continue to be strong, up almost 5%. As mentioned previously, we are phasing out of the paper business supplied by the number three machine at our Wallula mill, and we are on schedule with the conversion of this paper machine to a 400,000 ton per year, high performance, 100% virgin kraft linerboard machine beginning next month in May. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. We ended the quarter with $102 million of cash on hand. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included $150 million for the March retirement of the note that we mentioned on our last call with capital expenditures of $108 million common stock dividends totaling $59 million, $10 million for state tax payments and interest payments of $9 million. I want to update you on the full-year tax guidance we provided on last quarter's call. As mentioned, the tax rate ranges provided were based on currently available information, and that over time, assumptions and estimates could change as federal tax reform was better defined in the states and (8:33) related changes. The estimate range for our 2018 combined federal and state tax rate has changed to 14% to 16% versus the 12% to 14% range provided previously. This is due to certain states decoupling from the federal change, allowing 100% expensing of most capital spending as these states believe they are not prepared for the negative impact this would have on their tax revenues. Excluding the overpayment of taxes in 2017, which we made in December just prior to the tax reform changes being enacted, our combined federal and state tax rate would be in the range of 19% to 21% versus the 17% to 19% we provided earlier. The state changes had a minimal impact on our booked effective tax rate for 2018, so our estimate for this remains in the range of 24% to 26%. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2018 was 24.9%. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the first quarter and into the second quarter, we expect continued strong demand in our Packaging segment to result in higher corrugated products and containerboard shipments, and we will continue to implement our previously announced Packaging segment price increases. In our Paper segment, we expect volumes to be lower as we begin the conversion of the number three machine in our Wallula mill from paper to linerboard. And we'll continue implementing the previously announced paper price increases. We also anticipate continued price inflation in chemical and freight costs, incremental wage pressure with a tighter labor market or slightly lower recycle fiber costs and improving energy costs that will move into the seasonally milder weather. Scheduled maintenance outage costs should move lower and we expect a slightly lower tax rate as well. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of $1.96 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations or projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your first question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for all the details.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First question I had is I think a big issue is thinking about how the whole Wallula transformation is going to impact next year versus this year. Obviously, this year, you're going to lose the benefit of the pressure-sensitive volumes and there's going to be startup costs that I assume will flow through the income statement and then next year, obviously, you would hopefully have most of that 400,000 tons available. And I didn't know if it was reasonable to think the swing factor could equal something like a $100 or $200 a ton as – of those new tons as you swing from this year to next year. I guess said differently, could it be a $60 million or $80 million swing again going from this year startup costs and the lack of pressure-sensitive business to next year's having those extra volumes of containerboard?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Chip, I don't want to get into the details on our cost per ton and margins but if you look at our history and you look at our current estimated cost and margins, you would have to assume if we do what we're supposed to do and bring the machine up to full capacity by the latter part of the fourth quarter, then we will have the full benefit coming on for next year. So, this year, as we called out in the first quarter it was going to be the choppy year as we exited the release liner business and incurred those costs and then incurred the conversion and startup cost and the ramp-up cost. And because this is a two-phase project in one year where we're seeing the work beginning in May and then hopefully the plant calls for the startup of the machine in the early part of June, you'd see a certain level of production of linerboard through the summer months at a steady pace. But again at a higher cost because of just lower tonnage and then we take the machine down again for the few weeks in October. So, it's a choppy year but I think if you model and you know what our traditional cost and margins are, you can get to that number that you're talking about. Bob, do you want to add some color to that one?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I would just say, Chip, that once things are up and running at the level that you mentioned as far as the capacity of that new machine, that you're in the ballpark as far as what you're seeing as far as (13:54).
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And just a quick follow-up. As you – we've seen now, I guess, three years or four years of what we used to see in terms of demand growth before outsourcing in the last decade. Obviously, there are different mixes now, less industrial demand, more e-commerce. What are your customers saying in terms of what you think they will need going forward? And how do you all think about e-commerce? And can you share with us some idea of how important that is, if not to your overall business maybe to the growth of your business?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I'm going to let Tom give you color on that. We've spoken about that in the past few calls. So, Tom, why don't you go ahead and elaborate on that one?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Chip, one thing I would have to say based on your commentary is I don't see less industrial demand. In fact, I think we've called out a number of times, when we look across our customer base, that not only did not accrue anymore but that it started to turn up, and we've continued to see that the industrial sector has been a good sector for us as well. But when you look at e-commerce, I mean, obviously, e-commerce has become an important segment for the packaging sales. And we'll continue to grow, and it's certainly the biggest growth engine going on right now. And it occurs in a lot of different ways, and of course, we've got a lot of customers that have entered the e-commerce segment outside of your traditional big e-commerce customers. But it's a growth segment, it's going to be important to the industry. It's a whole new way of delivering to customers, and it will continue to grow. And I think it's, as I said, an important sector that we're certainly focused on as well.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with Stephens. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. Mark, with WestRock doing KapStone and IP trying to do Smurfit Kappa, some investors seem to think that you have to do something. So what I'm wondering is do these two deals make you think differently or leave you more worried about the strength of your overall competitive position and what you're doing now.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: To answer the first part of your question; we don't have to do anything differently. We have the open flexibility built into the plan, great balance sheet. We've got well capitalized assets. We've got an organization that can execute on anything with the balance sheet and the financials where they are. It allows us to move on any opportunity that we would determine make sense for us. We have a number of opportunities as you would expect as we call out internal organic type of opportunities to continue enhancing our activities. We will continue to take advantage if opportunities to buy box plants as we've done over the last number of years. If those opportunities present themselves, we will continue to take advantage of that. So, long story, no, we don't plan on changing anything right now but we certainly have tremendous amount of opportunity to move in many different directions.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: You probably just disappointed a bunch of bankers. Can we talk about projects? I mean, Wallula is obviously big but with DeRidder done, does that free up your people to take on other significant debottlenecking projects and you have those sorts of things already lined up or any big rebuilt like a boiler or something coming up?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: As we've stated over the years, we always have a portfolio of opportunities that we've already done pre-engineering on and that's on the mill and the box plants. And so with the number of people that we've been able to hire, just to reiterate, just in the last three years, we brought on over 155 new engineers into the company, and they're all gainfully employed on all these projects. And so we had the ultimate opportunity now to utilize our internal strength on these types of projects. And I guess to answer your question, yes, we certainly are looking on a going forward basis at opportunities in the box plants and the mills on high return capability in terms of returning value to shareholders on how we deploy our free cash. And so I think without getting into details because I don't want to – again, I don't want to give away all the goodness you've – I think if you look at our history, we always have these opportunities. And I want to say something too about DeRidder. During a three-month period of DeRidder, we had over 80 people at DeRidder from our technology organization and about 30 people from a number of our mills assisting in the run-up to the conversion in the final phase of DeRidder. No sooner was that done, a number of those forces moved out to Wallula and then out to the remaining shutdown activity that we had going on. So, we have tremendous capability built into this organization now to do projects, to do acquisition activity. So, we've got a lot, but again, I don't want to give details on what we're going to be working on. But you have to trust us when we say we've got some good opportunities for high return. It's all on the capital.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: It's just what I was looking for. Thank you, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations for the strong start to the year.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Two questions I wanted to kind of get at. One is – we'll take the easy one first. Freight is a component. A lot of freight contracts are coming due – most of my understanding kind of come due in that April-May timeframe. Do you have a sense as to what you're seeing freight being up on a year-over-year basis? Is it in that 10% to 15% range?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: That's a good number, to your point, and it's varying by region, by lane. We have a number of mechanisms that we transport finished goods. We have a number of carriers that we have arrangements with in terms of contractual arrangements. We have a lot of spot market opportunities that we work with carriers. On any given day, we're probably moving 2,000 truckloads of finished products around the lower 48 states. And so the key to that was establishing good relationships with carriers over the last number of years. But nevertheless, we are facing those inflationary cost pressures. I think that's a good number.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. The second is more of a – and it's a much more difficult question to answer. But how do you – when I think of the state of the industry right now, it would seem to me as though profitability, in particular in the recycled grades, not as much in the kraft grades, but at least in the recycled grades where OCC and mix paper and different things are is exceptionally good or potentially too good. And is it a spot where things stay as they are could incite significant amounts of capacity. Can we see some of it light up in the Fox River Valley just in the last few months. How do you think about the balance of the industry in the intermediate term, I think, the next year or two? And the profitability and the opportunity for recycled grades to more capacity come in the market or do you think perhaps either OCC goes up or the spread between kraft and recycled widens? How do you think of that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Right. First, the comment regarding entry into the business from conversions, some of what's been announced is very small capacity. Some of what's being announced is just that they're discussing that. They're talking about bringing some of that on. In fact, just in the last few years, how many projects had been discussed and talked about that never came to be. And so there's a minimal amount of what is coming on. And at the end of the day, you have to go back to and say you're going to convert something. Where are you going to sell it? Who is your customer and what's the product line you're going to produce into this market and what type of profitability, opportunity can you convert? And so, part of that is you think about the shrinking number of independents in the last number of years and what's been taking place there. And so, in terms of where to go with tons, freight market tons is a very limited opportunity. And so, Tom, do you want to add some color to that because, again, I think we talked about this for a number of a few years.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, I would say...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Story hasn't changed.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I know. It hasn't changed and if you – you have to look historically those you see and if you pick a certain point in time like it is right now, yet, yes, OCC is down, but I think anybody that looks at that, if that's their primary furnish for fiber, they're going to have to look at the historic trends and the historic trend is going to be significantly higher than what it is right now over the long haul. So, I think that's a decision that needs to come into being. And I think just generally, as Mark indicated, you've got to be able to move those tons somewhere and the dynamics of the marketplace is certainly the outside marketplace to change dramatically.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: The other fact that I think people are sometime not appreciating this, when you think about input costs across the board on all of your input, fiber is a major component, but you have all of your – the raw materials and labor and energy, now transportation. So, you have a significant number of costs that have to go into the analysis to tell somebody whether they can make a project make sense financially. And so, you have to believe that with the lack of conversions so far that have truly taken place that the math just doesn't work in many cases.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Well, thank you very much for the color. I appreciate it. Good luck, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Thank you.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. How are you doing, Mark? Hey, I guess the first question I have – and you've touched on it a bit, can you talk about why it would appear that DeRidder came up so well. What do you have now in DeRidder in terms of capabilities and if you'd look back relative to when you first bought the asset, what have you been most surprised by in terms of the asset? And a related question and I had a follow-on and I'll finish there. The related question is, what are the tie-ins or parallels to Wallula and what you might be able to do there from a process standpoint?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Regarding DeRidder, there was never any doubt in our minds that we have tremendous opportunity to create tremendous value at DeRidder. What I'm most pleased about is the execution from the organization and not just making it a great facility but I would have to say, based on what we've seen coming out of the startup on February 26 and the performance of the mill during the month of March, as a two-machine containerboard mill, that mill, I would be willing to bet, is the most productive two-machine linerboard mill containerboard because we do mix a medium on number three, but the most productive machine, just a two-machine system in the world. And you have to assume the costs that go in line with that. And so, over a four-year period, we've taken that mill and created just a tremendous opportunity. At today's basis on a run rate basis, we've far exceeded what the plan had called for. On an annualized basis, depending on the basis weight mix you apply that mill, that mill now sits at a 1.2 million ton capacity type of opportunity, depending on what we choose to make there. And so, it's a tremendous platform for us to go forward. That being said, we've taken the lessons learned from DeRidder and we applied it in parallel at Wallula, the same technology that went into the number three machine conversion at DeRidder is being applied at the Wallula number three machine, and that's what's giving us the confidence to do this in a much quicker fashion and then shorten up the conversion time to just two phases all done this year. I want to throw something out, too. I mean from a performance point of view I wasn't totally pleased. The machine only ran at 99% uptime efficiency during the month of March. So, we've got some room to improve.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: (27:58) Wallula, if we execute as well as we should and we've done our job in ensuring the quality of the equipment that we're buying and then on the installation side of it that we do a precision installation, the machine should be as successful as DeRidder. And so, we'll give you the details in July.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks for that, Mark. My follow-on kind of a two-part and I'll turn it over. Can you comment at all, Tom, about what kind of volumes and bookings you're seeing early in the quarter? And then to, Bob, a question that comes up periodically, I think Mark was touching on it earlier, given current status of trends, right, who knows what can happen to demand and pricing next year, next month, so on. But given what we're seeing right now the company is going to be generating fairly significant cash flow certainly relative to where you were a few years ago and you keep deleveraging. I know you don't want to share too much of your cards here, if any at all, but are we more likely to see you deploy that to projects or value return in the current environment or would you be more apt to use that capital and powder in a downturn when machines might be less expensive, when your stock might be less expensive, when other opportunities might be less expensive. How would you have us think about that? Thanks for listening and good luck in the quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: George, I'll take the first part of that question and that is our bookings through 14 days were up 5%. So we're off to a very good start for the quarter, and we feel very good about the continuing strong volume demand. I'll turn it back over to Bob, Mark.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Obviously, George, the – really, things don't change for us. We look at things, the way we've done things historically is how we'll go forward. And I can read that if things play out as we would suspect that there will be some – especially with tax reform some nice cash generated this year. But we'll still have a balanced approach towards looking at our dividends and share buyback opportunities. Mark has talked about high return capital projects that we always have on the shelf and ready to go if they make sense. And as we've said before, box plant acquisitions when they come up and they're the right fit for us, we want to be able to have the dry powder, as you said, available for that. And we'll maintain – we are somewhat conservative on our balance sheet. And to your point about things depending on who you're listening to, it's how the economy goes up, ways up here, we'll be in good shape. We'll be prepared for that as well, so we sort of like what we've been operating and we'll continue to do it that way.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Probably a better part of two decades now of -- just shy of two decades, we've been recognized as being conservative when it comes to our balance sheet and not taking inordinate amount of risks. It's paid off well for us. We don't plan on changing that, again, but we have tremendous opportunities. We've been criticized in the past of being too conservative. But again, I'd rather take that criticism than the alternatives. And so, we're very mindful of the enterprise and not putting the enterprise in inordinate amount of risk and yet, we still have tremendous opportunity to continue to bring tremendous value to the shareholders. So, I think that's not going to change.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Tom, just one on OCC. I know you talked a little bit about it earlier and pointed out that prices have been much higher in the recent past than historically than they are now. Do you have reason to think they'll move up considerably from where they are now, just given what the restrictions that China has imposed on imports? And what level of OCC prices do you prefer longer term?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I'm not going to state a preference that I have one way or the other, but I would just say that on the OCC side, it's got to settle out at a point where it's profitable to collect and sell. So, when price points get too low, people tend to get out of the business, and more of it goes to landfill, and that certainly isn't anything anybody wants. And I can't tell you at all what China is going to do other than the fact that I've made the case numerous times, they have to have virgin fiber in order to run their paper system. So they're going to get virgin fiber one way or the other, and it's either going to be OCC and if it's OCC, it's going to be they're either going to relax their restrictions or they're going to have to pay more to the collectors to be able to put the capital in, to be able to sort it like China wants. The other option is to buy more linerboard which their linerboard sales are up or sales, too, and their imports are up of linerboard. That's another way they can get virgin fiber. They've also got their own collection system going but the prices as I understand it right now in China, their own collection of OCC is about four times the price that it cost to import from the U.S. So, there's – I think there's just a whole dynamic going on there that it doesn't indicate to me that they're going to be out of the OCC business. I think it's bound to go back up but impossible for me to predict. I just think that it will find its level and it will level out at a certain point that makes sense for all the parties that are involved.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Tom. And just one, you talked earlier about off-shoring and e-commerce and all that and obviously last year demand for the industry was up – significantly up about 2.5% actual which was much higher than it's been over the last 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, you name it, right? What do you think is a normalized level of growth for the industry? Do you think last year was indicative of what's to come or do you think it will settle out at a somewhat lower level than that for any particular reason? Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Tom, why don't you...
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I think what we'll see is I think you'll see the business track GDP a lot closer than what it ever has. I mean, they got away from that for a while but I think we'll get back to basically tracking more like a GDP number.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot, Tom.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I just want to follow up on containerboard inventories. Last quarter, you talked about inventories being the lowest in four years. I think quarter-over-quarter, they were down another 23,000 tons. Can you just talk about your comfort level with inventories, especially as we go into kind of spring, summer season and freight being a little bit tighter and then to the extent that you're buying from the outside what that might look like on an annualized basis?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. As we've stated many, many times during this portion of the year as we go through our heavy shutdown periods and in light of the heavy demand, the mills have to run extremely well to supply our demand. As you would expect with the type of cut-up we've been experiencing, the inventories have declined. That's why it was imperative last fall or the fourth quarter to pre-build some inventory. And then again, we had to run hard. Fortunately, the pre-build paid off and also the mills performed in an outstanding manner. DeRidder came on and exceeded our expectations. But nevertheless, we still have to run hard to get ourselves in a little bit more comfort zone with inventories going forward. We're into that second quarter into the third quarter, which is the heaviest quarters of the year for box demand. So, it behooves us to execute well, but again, that's a high-class problem.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Okay. And in terms of outage schedule for the rest of the year, obviously 1Q was your highest quarter. But as we think about 2Q, 3Q, 4Q, I think previously, you talked about $0.11 to $0.15, $0.16. Any update or changes to kind of the cadence of outages for the remaining three quarters of the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Bob, go ahead.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No. Anthony it's the same. It's what I gave you last call it's – that's what we're looking at for the balance of the year. So, you just have to keep in mind I was moving from sequentially within the same year now with the tax – the tax rate base will be the same as opposed to when you're looking at something year-over-year when we had the big change in our tax rate. But everything, the cadence is still the same.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Got it. Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You highlighted again earlier the attractiveness of bolt-on converting acquisitions which you've done pretty successfully. I wanted to get a sense of what's the next step here in terms of – is it the viability of the pipeline that is more or less attractive because we know that there aren't a lot of independents left, are there steps that you need to take such as increasing your containerboard capacity or regional exposure before you proceed?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We've spoken about this in the last few earnings calls. We continue to have opportunities and we have numerous opportunities from internal projects to acquisitions of convertible assets, a number of opportunities. During this period of time, 2018, we've got our focus on just finishing up the work at Wallula and making sure that all the rest of the projects we have going on at the legacy mills continue to deliver results. And this is part of the question that was asked before you. We called out on January that we would continue to buy outside tons the rate we're buying last year which was about 250,000 tons of outside purchases. And so we have a number of means of supplying our box plant requirements. And so, I would just leave it at that. We never disclose a plan until, obviously, we're ready to announce something. Well, we have flexibility for the next number of years to do what we have to do to continue growing the business.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks. And as my follow-up, you changed some of the language in your K around the attracting labor into the industry. I don't think there's anything new around that. But could you just walk through what you're doing to kind of an increased participation or make working in your industry more attractive for the labor force?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I think, again, it's a matter of there's more competition for general labor. And so part of that is it's a competition based on willingness to pay several wages, and then the environment in terms of are you in a metropolitan region? Are you in a rural region? And so I think we have a good story to tell. But nevertheless, we are dealing in a highly competitive labor market currently which is not all bad.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I would add, Debbie, that as an industry certainly on the corrugated box side of the business, as an industry, we've been working on attracting more to our industry for the better part of a couple of decades. And we put now equipment in schools around the country. We're working with voc techs, we're working with universities, two-year degree universities to introduce people into the industry. And this is above the design, the design cycle, which has been around for a long, long time. But this is really – is on the manufacturing side. So, I think that's been – that's worked very well for us, and has been attractive for us, and we're bringing in an even more qualified people even at the hourly level who are very promotable and had the desire to move up in the industry. So, those have been very helpful to our industry. But that said, there's no question that labor is a key element that we're looking at since knowing full well that the costs are going up and that the quantity is going to be somewhat limited, so at least for the short-term.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I was hoping to get a sense historically on the box prices. How quickly you would tend to realize them, and maybe if we kind of just – I assume, you would have virtually nothing in that first month of March, but if you look back historically, and I don't know what's the kind of easiest way that you could say this so that it certainly is no competitive issue or whatever, but say within that four months, and the next three months, how much of a percentage of what you typically would get, or however you would want to provide any guidance you could, how much of it should we anticipate would show up in that – this three-month period?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Tom, why don't you go ahead – get its – based on history.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I'm just going to walk you through a little bit, Mark. I mean, of how we typically have done this. I mean starting out with a very disciplined approach. But keep in mind that we announced to our containerboard customers a $50 per ton increase effective March 1. We did begin billing in March for those containerboard customers. That was then reflected obviously in (43:31). And at that point, we then go out and we announced box price increase as well, but we don't get into specifics about it other than to say the triggering mechanisms on contracts and some of the other agreements that we have primarily mean that we've rolled this increase in over about a 90-day period. That's about all we typically would disclose on this just to give you a historical perspective.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And would it be possible if you look back historically in that first quarter, did you – because I assume this would be historical information, did you tend to get 20% of what you ended up with, 30%, 60%, just real ballpark type numbers?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: We just got – the number would be very small that we got, and so there's more to – there's obviously more to come.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Your line is open.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Mark, I mean, we've talked a lot about freight and OCC, but not much on virgin fiber inflation. Are you seeing anything in Pacific Northwest or the Southeast on more competition around virgin fiber with maybe pulp prices going up and some other trends in the marketplace?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes. Just you would expect and what you're seeing in some of the publications, Pacific Northwest is – once again it continues to be amongst the highest in North America. You can understand that. And then we've had some weather phenomena in some regions of the southern portion, primarily mid-lower Alabama that impacts our Jackson mill with hardwood pricing and availability, and that's impacting the whole region down there. And then, again, just some localized weather events, but we're moving into warmer weather, but we're also moving into – a month from now, we'll be looking at hurricane season coming, so it's the typical weather event, but that's about it. All in all, fibers have been pretty flat with the exception of a little regional variation.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And if you look at the Pacific Northwest and some of the consolidation that's taking place there, are you seeing any disruption in the marketplace as you bring Wallula up around consolidation in the region?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No, not really. We've been working for the better part of two years on how we line up our fiber supply agreements and where we're getting our fiber. And so, it's pretty – again, pretty flat in that regard to that whole region.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just one clarification on Wallula. I think I heard you say you're going to bring that on line beginning in May. Can you just clarify that? And then, what percentage of the 400,000 ton capacity should we expect it to be running at in the beginning?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. What I said we'd be converting the machine during the month of May, and it goes down about second full week of May. And then it's down schedule wise until the first full week of June starting up. And so when it comes up because we are still lacking some key components of that on a delivery basis could not be delivered until the fall. It will – and it means that you'll be running the machine at little more than half of its production capacity in probably 220,000 ton a year run rate basis. And so, we'll run the summer at a slow back rate. And then when we get the final key elements to install in October, that will give us the capability to run at the full 400,000 ton run rate.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Just one quick follow-up there then. On the key components and obviously coming from equipment suppliers, are you seeing anything in relationship to lead times on equipment? I mean, is this sort of hitting at the conversion question whether or not lead times have really lengthened out on equipment suppliers into the industry?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: What we're seeing over the last two years, again, for critical components like headboxes and press sections, more technical complex components, you're out there 18 months, 20 months for delivery once you place orders. So, timing hasn't got any better, so planning is critical.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover with Davidson. Your line is open.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So, first, with respect to maintenance, I generally thought that Q2 was traditionally the highest maintenance spend because that's when the weather is conducive. So, if Q1 the peak this year, so you can focus on the Wallula conversion?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Go ahead, Bob.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Bring the color to that, because it's...
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, I mean, you are talking about the maintenance outage, so the – we had the work at DeRidder as well as we had (49:13) and the number two machine out of Wallula all down at the same time which what made first quarter a heavier outage quarter than we typically had. That's really what drove that. It can change every year, but I wouldn't read any more into that.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Just we want to take a – we were ready and we wanted to take advantage of the fact that we could convert DeRidder in particular during that period of time and get it done with. And also, we needed – just from the human resource deployment and demands, we were able to take care of accounts in the number two machine out of Wallula over that same period of time. So, it was basically just spreading out some of the key activity but allowing us to really bring DeRidder on to see much more benefit of a full-year this year.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, I figured managerial bandwidth was part of it. And then, if I'm not mistaken, the ability to do pressure-sensitive and label at Wallula was an upgrade to that machine about a decade ago. Is there any equipment there that you might relocate to your other white paper operations, I Falls or Jackson?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Serious about that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: That's a short answer.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: That's a short answer. Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Your line is open.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: In terms of the demand front, any perspective on what the West Coast ag demand outlook is this year? I assume maybe you have a better peek into it with Sacramento. And also, with all the noise on potential trade wars brewing, is that a concern that you're hearing from customers? Any particular concern there in any end-markets and in particular that would be following that, that we should be thinking about?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Go ahead, Tom, again first part, and I'll answer the second part.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Gail, regarding West Coast ag, it looks like it's going to be a very busy year. The demand is very strong. So, that will – that obviously is a plus for us when you take into account Sacramento acquisition that we just made. Mark, do you want to...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. And then on trade and what's going on, obviously, until we finally understand what is negotiated and what changes, you never know how it will turn out. Obviously, there's a lot of rhetoric coming out of Washington. But nevertheless, we deal with about 18,000 customers in the United States, making everything from manufactured goods to food products. And so, it's hard to imagine what that impact would be, so we'll just wait and see what trade negotiations (52:18).
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: It's not even worth speculating.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And then, there's obviously been a lot of talk in the investments you've been making on the mill side. Can you just give us an update and remind us what you have going on in terms of organic investment on the converting side?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, yeah, we've talked about some projects. You get into a few specifics. Tom, do you want to talk about the new plant we're building?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Gail, we obviously always have a lot of capital going into the box plants. We've recapitalized that consistently over the years. We think as well or better than anybody else in the industry. We've got a couple of big projects going on right now. We're building a new plant in Marshfield, Wisconsin. We've also got large capital expansions going on in the Pennsylvania, Virginia region. And just a lot of projects going on all over. When you've got virtually 100 plants, there's a lot of things going on at all times. And it all goes back to what we discussed earlier. This financial flexibility that we have really allows us to do the things that we need to do, driven around what our customers need and what their demands are.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my follow-ups. Bob, just on the tax side, can you help us with what your expected 2Q tax rate will be compared to the 25% in 1Q? I know you mentioned it would be slightly lower sequentially. And then can you help me with what your long-term cash tax rate expectation is, just in light of the change you made to your 2018 guidance?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. In the second quarter, Adam, it goes down to just under 24% where the effective tax rate is. And that's why it was mentioned in our guidance, while we get a little benefit (54:18). It really has nothing to do with tax reform. It has to do with this accounting change that was made last year around employee share-based accounting and how it's recorded now in tax expense rather than in equity. And when you have like we do in the second quarter, the majority of our restricted stock and so forth vest during that quarter, the difference between the grant date and the actual date that at best creates that noise. We have the same thing when we went from the first quarter to the second quarter last year went down for the same reason.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And on the cash tax side, Bob, longer term?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. It's the same range that I gave earlier, Adam. As you know, we just gave what it is for the year. And I've mentioned that the cash tax rate went up a bit because of what the states were doing. And again, the range -- our new range for this year is 14% to 16%. But if you take out the overpayment that was made, it's on a normal basis. It would be swinging at 19% to 21% range.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you for that clarification. And Mark, just on the paper business, your volume was up in the quarter. Was there any pre-buy just ahead of your announced price increases? And then, in terms of industry demand, it was down about 5% last year. It's been a little better so far this year. Do you have any particular expectation for what industry demand will look like compared to last year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: On the first part, you'd have to assume it went a little bit pre-buying. It wasn't – probably wasn't that much, but we have assumed there was some pre-buy. And then, on the second part of your question, what the volume would look like, I think the key part is that if you went back in the last seven years or eight years and look at what the slope of the curve was supposed to look like, we've flattened out considerably in the demand destruction portion of that curve. And so, let's say, I think – and it also speaks about the strong economy and use of paper, so. But again, with Wallula going out of the production, we're down to a two-machine paper business. So, it goes back, and we have a nice tidy two mill business, Jackson, and I Falls with the four machines running, supplying both new supplies. So, I'm not going to worry about what happens around the world, and it's just the business generates a lot of cash. And that generally require a lot of capital as we've said a number of times.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Mark, thank you, and best of luck.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Thank you. Thank you. Any other questions, please?
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you for joining us on the call. We look forward to talking with you in July. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter 2017 and full year earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, our Executive Vice President, who runs Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results, and then I’ll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who’ll provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up, and then we’d be glad to take your questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter net income of $269 million, or $2.84 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $122 million primarily for changes related to the recently enacted tax reform bill, which Bob will discuss further in a few minutes. Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2017 net income was $147 million, or $1.56 per share, compared to fourth quarter 2016 net income of $116 million, or $1.23 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.7 billion in 2017 and $1.5 billion in 2016. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $351 million in 2017 and $293 million in 2016. We also recorded full year earnings excluding special items of $569 million, or $6.02 per share, compared to 2016 earnings excluding special items of $462 million, or $4.88 per share. Net sales in 2017 were $6.4 billion compared to $5.8 billion in 2016. Excluding the special items, total company EBITDA in 2017 was $1.34 billion compared to $1.15 billion in 2016. Detail of the special items for both the fourth quarter and full year 2017 were included in the schedules that accompany the earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.33 per share increase in fourth quarter 2017 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.51 and higher volumes of $0.12 in the Packaging segment. Volumes in our Paper segment were up $0.01 per share and the final insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident was $0.07 per share. Partially offsetting these items were lower prices and mix in our Paper segment of $0.03, higher freight expense of $0.04, and operating and converting costs were up $0.13 in total primarily due to higher labor and fringe cost – fringes cost most of which was the result of working additional hours, which included holiday periods to meet our customer needs as well as our higher medical costs. We had higher input costs of $0.04 driven by higher recycled fiber and chemical costs and our annual outage expenses were higher by $0.10 per share. Lastly, corporate costs were up $0.04 per share due to higher depreciation and interest expense. Comparing our $1.56 per share in the fourth quarter to our guidance of $150 per share although recycled fiber prices were lower than expected, this was offset by higher labor, medical and benefits costs in our box plants. Results were negatively impacted by $0.01 per share due to a slightly higher tax rate and offset by the final insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident of $0.07. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter 2017 of $340 million with sales of $1.4 billion resulted in a margin of 24.4% versus last year’s EBITDA of $259 million and sales of $1.2 billion or 21.7% margin. For the full year excluding special items, Packaging EBITDA was $1.3 billion with sales of $5.3 billion or a 24% margin compared to full year 2016 EBITDA of $1 billion with sales of $4.6 billion or a 22% margin. Record production of 1,006,000 tons allowed our containerboard mills to support record box shipments and prepare for the integration of our corrugated plants from the Sacramento Container acquisition as well it help to manage our inventories and scheduled – as we get ready for the scheduled outages at four of our mills during the first and second quarters of this year. We ended the year with containerboard inventories including the inventory needs of our Sacramento Container acquisition about 48,000 tons above the end of the third quarter and 38,000 tons above last year’s level. This year end inventory level represents our lowest weeks of inventory supply in the last four years. Higher year-over-year inflation came in close to where we expected and the employees at our containerboard mills and corrugated products facilities did a great job working extra hours during the quarter and over the holiday periods to meet our customer needs in a very timely manner. Additionally, we’re off to a great start with the integration of Sacramento Container facilities and we’re able to finalize our claim related to the DeRidder Mill incident with our insurance carrier which enabled us to offset the negative impact to earnings from earlier in the year. I will now turn it over to Tom, who’ll provide more details on the containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. Overall corrugated products and containerboard demands remained very strong during the quarter. As Mark indicated in corrugated products we had record box shipments, which were up in total by 9.8% with one additional workday or 8% per workday compared to last year’s fourth quarter. For the full year, corrugated product shipments in total were up 8.6% or 9% per workday over 2016. Continued strong demand in both our domestic and export markets improved our outside sales volume of containerboard by about 26,000 tons versus last year’s fourth quarter and over 6,000 tons versus the third quarter of 2017. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.40 per share higher than the fourth quarter of 2016 and as we expected were lower as we moved out of the seasonally stronger mix in the third quarter of 2017. Export containerboard prices were $0.11 per share above fourth quarter 2016 levels and up $0.03 per share compared to the third quarter of this year. Finally, I would like to add that our fourth quarter 2017 acquisition of Sacramento Container and the two sheet leaders have bolted on seamlessly. These operations proven to be an excellent fit and we’re off to a great start toward achieving our goals. Of course, this could not have been accomplished without the outstanding effort and dedication of all the employees of PCA including our newest teams from Sacramento Container, Northern Sheets and Central California Sheets. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $26 million with sales of $267 million or 10% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 EBITDA of $50 million and sales of $254 million or 20% margin. The decrease in results was primarily due to the scheduled outages at two of our three mills in this year’s fourth quarter with no outages last year. Lower sales prices and mix as well as price inflation on fiber and chemical costs and higher freight expenses. Paper sales volume was up about 12% as volumes in all three of our major paper grades were above last year’s fourth quarter levels. However, this was offset somewhat due to no pulp volume this year compared to last year as a result of our exit from the market pulp business. Paper volumes were about 2% below seasonally stronger third quarter. We began the implementation of our announced price increases and we ended the fourth quarter with average prices slightly above third quarter levels. However price and mix were still about 3.5% below the four quarter of 2016. Full year 2017 EBITDA excluding special items was $153 million and sales were $1.1 billion or 15% margin compared to full year 2016 EBITDA of $199 million with sales of $1.1 billion or an 18% margin. I will now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. As Mark mentioned earlier, during the quarter we were able to finalize the insurance recovery related to the incident at the DeRidder Mill. Just keep in mind that while we did not include any potential recovery in our fourth quarter EPS guidance of $1.50 per share, this final recovery is included in our recurring earnings for the full year as it offsets the negative impact to recurring earnings that we experienced in the first half of 2017. The final recovery for our claim is consistent with the estimate range we provided to you on our three previous earnings calls. Our fourth quarter 2017 effective tax rate on a recurring basis was just under 35%. Due to the late December enactment of the tax reform bill, various tax-related items in fourth quarter were impacted, creating a tax benefit that we’ve excluded from our fourth quarter recurring earnings. As you may have seen on one of these schedules we provided with yesterday's earnings release, the tax reform benefit, we excluded from our fourth quarter recurring income, was just over $122 million or $1.29 per share. The primarily item that generated this benefit is the revaluation of our net deferred tax liability to the new lower federal tax rate of 21%. We ended the quarter with $217 million of cash on hand. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included $274 million for the acquisition of Sacramento Container, $90 million for federal and state tax payments, capital expenditures of $117 million, common stock dividends of $59 million and interest payments of $29 million. Total capital spending for 2017 was $343 million. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be between $440 million to $460 million. DD&A is expected to be above $390 million, pension and postretirement benefit expense of $27 million and we expect to make cash pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions of $23 million. Based on our current long-term debt including the fourth quarter 2017 refinancing of our two term loans to fixed rate notes and the expected retirement of $150 million note in March 2018. Full year interest expense in 2018 will be approximately $101 million and cash interest payments of about $94 million. Based on current plan annual outage, maintenance outages at our mills in 2018, a total earnings impact of these outages including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs is expected to be $0.60 per share versus the $0.50 per share for 2107. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2018 is $0.18 per share in the first quarter, $0.11 in the second quarter $0.15 in the third and $0.16 per share in the fourth quarter. You will note that the $0.18 per share in the first quarter of 2018 is significantly higher than what you’ve seen historically due to the heavy scheduled outage work this year primarily at DeRidder. Finally, regarding tax reform, based on currently available information, the estimate for our 2008 combined federal and state cash tax rate is in the range of 12% to 14%. I do need to point out though that our 2018 cash tax rate benefits from an overpayment of cash taxes that were due on December 15, 2017 prior to the enactment of the tax reform, which will reduce cash taxes paid in 2018. Excluding this overpayment, our federal and state cash tax rate is in the range of 17% to 19%. Our booked effective tax rate for 2018 is expected to be in the range of 24% to 26%. Pre-tax reform, our cash tax rate was approximately 36% and our effective rate was about 35%. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, we expect to continue strong demand, although our corrugated volume and mill operating costs will be impacted due to the extreme early January weather conditions experienced from the Dallas Metroplex across the Gulf Coast states regions and up the East Coast. Also, our containerboard volumes will be lower due to scheduled outages at three of our mills during the quarter. We'll continue to implement our recently announced price increases in our Paper segment and we expect volume to be slightly lower. We expect inflation in almost all areas across our entire cost base. We anticipate continued higher freight costs as well as higher labor and benefits costs with annual wage increases in other timing related expenses. Although we anticipate price inflation on recycled fiber to be fairly flat, we do expect inflation in our energy costs and most of our chemical and repair and material costs. Also, seasonally colder weather will increase energy usage and wood costs. Our depreciation and interest expense will be slightly higher as well. Considering these items, we expect first quarter earnings of $1.52 per share. This $1.52 does include our best estimate of the effective tax rate resulting from the tax reform changes. With that we will be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K that’s on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I’d like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: Good morning and thanks for all the details. First question is noting really the paper business was certainly a lot lighter than we had expected, but you’ve explained very well that you had the two mills down. And I suppose as we move forward, is there – should we expect any dramatic seasonality this year? What sort of the downtime schedule looking like for that segment in 2018?
Mark Kowlzan: Along with what I called out on the outages, and everybody just keep in mind, we talked about this on the October call, we had mentioned this that the declining release liner business, volume and price was going to impact a little of profitability, which it did. And at the same time with that volume decrease and the anticipation of the conversion this spring, we are in a period right now in this first quarter that prices are fairly flat with the lower prices as price declined last year and volumes are in that same area. So people just need to understand that we are in a transition year with the Wallula operations and don't forget that Wallula business was a major contributor to the rich mix component of the paper business over the years. So that is a factor. But also, when you think about the outages year-to-year and the fact that Q3, there was a Jackson outage this year. Bob, do you want to do anymore?
Bob Mundy: Yeah, I will just say Chip that with what's going on at Wallula, from a Paper segment standpoint, there is no scheduled outage impact versus previous year. So obviously there was a Paper segment impact for Wallula outages and that will show up in the Packaging segment this year in addition to there will be some cost that we call out in the non-recurring aspect related to the actual conversion activities that we will be going through as well, but those will be excluding recurring earnings.
Chip Dillon: And just a quick follow up – that’s helpful, a quick follow-up. As you finished the second phase of the conversion late this year and obviously you’ve refined I would image the engineering. Can you give us an idea of what the ramp up curve looks like? Is it fairly immediate as we get into the first half of 2019? Or how should we expect that to ramp up?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Chip, we’ve done our job as well as we should – the ramp up should be very quick. With the first phase, we should have a significant amount of the conversion behind us. The last phase is just some of the new bolt-on equipment we needed to enhance the capability of the machine. So if that equipment has been engineered properly and then we've installed it in a precision manner, we should come up very quickly and get right up on the curve.
Chip Dillon: Okay, and then I will turn it over just – as I turn over could you just update us on maybe how business looks so far in the first quarter of 2018?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Tom, why don’t you go ahead?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Chip, through 18 days we’re up 6.5% per workday. I'm not going to add something that that Mark mentioned in the earlier and that is that we have been impacted by the weather. We have a very large footprint of plants through Texas, the Gulf Coast, Florida and up to East Coast and we have a number of plants and customer plants that were down somewhere between 1 to 3 days during that period, so a pretty significant impact. But still even with that we’re up 6.5% per workday. So demand remains strong.
Chip Dillon: Very helpful, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark. Good morning Bob and Tom.
Bob Mundy: Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I am just curious with the change in the tax law does that shifts at all? How you think about sort of the attractiveness of M&A versus internal CapEx?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you think about from the time, value and money and immediate expensing opportunities, there is a value there that we haven’t seen, but we’re still mindful of overall return metrics and what our hurdle rate needs to be internally. So we’re still maintaining the discipline of quality of projects that we're discussing and entertaining that will not change in this period. So as we continue to go forward, we look at every dollar, penny of earnings, very, very valuables and precious. So I think that's how we look at the current situation.
Mark Wilde: Okay, that’s helpful. Just as a follow-on, I wondered if you could just talk about kind of uses of capital, your leverage is about two times right now as well a little ramps and with some of this pricing activity in the market, looks like your cash flow want to ramp up as we move through the year. Can you just talk with us about perspective uses?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah and it falls in line with where we've been traditionally. You have dividend considerations, share buyback considerations, acquisition opportunities and just reinvestment in great high return projects that enhance our volume on the box plant side and our capabilities on the mill side. So those are the four buckets that we have to consider and again you have to imagine that there’s something that will be discussed at the board level.
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. I will turn it over. Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
George Staphos: Thanks for all the details and congratulations on the year. If possible I was hoping maybe to get a little bit more quantification in bridging either fourth quarter to 1Q or 1Q versus the prior 1Q. If I look at – I will do it sequentially. I think last year you said that maintenance would be somewhere around $0.18, $0.19 for the fourth quarter of this year that just concluded. 1Q, I think, you’re guiding Bob around that level too. So sequentially that doesn’t impact the numbers that much. Correct me if I am wrong there. Tax would add something around $0.20 that’s really back of the envelope. So is the residual basically what you are seeing in terms of inflation and how would you parse that? And I had a couple of follow-ons.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, George, again – using the comparison that that you were, we certainly get that benefit as you mentioned $0.19, $0.20 from the tax rate this year, 4Q to 1Q. But…
George Staphos: Yep…
Bob Mundy: As you know – but pricing is flat. Last year, we picked up $0.21. So sort of negate each other, if you are sort of looking at that type of comparison. And so what you had, last year, we had a $0.04 increase 4Q to 1Q this year. Again, you have to take that into consideration and you also have to remember that DeRidder even though from a timing perspective, it would showed up in our fourth quarter numbers, the impact was actually earlier in the year. So if you’re looking at through 4Q to 1Q you have to back that $0.07 out. So you back that $0.07 out and you look at where we’re going to the first quarter, you will see about a $0.03 increases which is about the same thing we had last year 4Q to 1Q….
George Staphos: Bob, the $0.03 increased you just mentioned – what was that $0.03 related to did you say?
Bob Mundy: I will say if you – so if you back-out the DeRidder impact that would show fourth quarter that $1.56, you’re sort of starting out $1.49 going to the $1.52.
George Staphos: Yes, understood.
Bob Mundy: So a three stand increase versus – and last year it was a sequential forced in increased. So this year we had the more challenging things that we mentioned you know the inflation is higher, freight is a bit up, the weather related things that Tom and Mark mentioned. W3 is a direct sequentially where it was as much of a drag last year, so also we have to overcome those things as well. So when you look at from that perspective it fits – it’s inline even considering the tax rate though.
George Staphos: Sure. I wasn’t complaining, I was just trying to get at the numbers. The thing that you have mentioned in terms of again the input inflation, W3, the weather I think I left out one as well. Are they equally sized or is one particularly penalizing into the first quarter and more than normally would be the case?
Bob Mundy: No, they’re more than normal, as I was saying. And they're all within the range of $0.01 to $0.03, each one of us.
George Staphos: Okay, okay. The second question and I recognize it's difficult to talk live mic about pricing strategy, but just if you could give us a couple of thoughts in terms of your considerations in announcing the containerboard price hike and broadly what you would relay to customers recognizing, you typically like to have those conversations one on one and not on the conference call. And similarly within uncoated freesheet, can you comment it all in terms of the rationale you’re providing to your customers in terms of the need to take prices up?
Mark Kowlzan: George, let me handle the paper side and I will let Tom walk through the containerboard side. Again, the prices increases from the fall indexes have picked up, what appears to be about $8 on cut-size and probably $13 or so on offset converting grades. And so, again, the paper business is based on cost inflation input factors and demand. And so, there is not a lot balance to say about the paper side of the business. We’re still net, net down year-over-year about 3.5% on average paper price.
George Staphos: Right.
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, do you want to handle the containerboard announcement?
Tom Hassfurther: Let's just – we will just leave it at this basically. We have notified our containerboard customers that we will implement the $50 a ton increase effective March 1st and we will begin billing that increase on that day. Regarding the flow through, as we've already said before, that's really between us and our 17,000 plus customers and handled that individually with each customers.
George Staphos: Okay, I saw it is worth an attempt. I appreciate the color. I will turn it over. Thank you guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Mark, can you remind us of the key deliverables from the – through the debottlenecking and with this new price hike, I think your profitability is even higher. Should we expect you to announce some more debottlenecking projects there assuming that the IRRs on those things are going up?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, well, we announced a year ago approximately the DeRidder opportunities. We talked about 150,000 tons of opportunities coming out of projects on number one machine, but primarily number three machine. And so, on a run rate basis, we fully expect to see that achieved. We've got to the outage at DeRidder that starts a week after next. And then, when that shutdown was completed by the end of the month, we should be done technically with our conversion and it's just a matter of getting the equipment up and running and then we should be at the annualized 150,000 ton contribution run rate. If you think about last year alone, year-over-year from 2016 to 2017, we produced a 145,000 more tons of containerboard in the system, a significant amount of that did come from DeRidder as well as other mills just running extremely well. But everything we worked on at DeRidder last year and everything we talked about – has occurred, as planed DeRidder, again, by spring time should be at that run rate of the incremental 150,000 year-over-year. Very pleased with what we're seeing.
Mark Connelly: Very helpful. One more question. On Wallula, can you give us a sense of how much exposure you're going to have ones that conversion is done to California produce? Thinking about basis the way I assume is not that high. But when we think about the long term weather outlook, it seems like the West Coast is not necessarily a market you want to double down unless you got a place to go if produce doesn't come through?
Mark Kowlzan: You said something there. We are uniquely in a position that we will be making heavier weight product on that machine. We are, to my knowledge, the only company in the world that has understood how to convert this type of paper machine to produce not only the lightweight liner mix, but also, the heavier weight mixes that Tom's financial need in the West Coast. We have a big presence in the Washington state area and the Pacific Northwest in General. So as far as Sacramento Container, when we do come online fully with the Wallula conversion this year, we'll be fulfilling eventually what we would require on the West Coast.
Mark Connelly: That is helpful. Thank you
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Just following up on George's question on the cost inflation you are seeing in 1Q, the reference is to higher labor and benefit costs. Is that just the normal annual wage increases that you would expect? Or are you seeing any kind of incremental wage pressure with a tighter labor market that you might not have normally expected?
Mark Kowlzan: There is two pieces. It's the normal inflationary effect that you see every year with our wage increases benefits and fringes but also, we are in a tight labor market. And as you would expect, we are going to manage that tight labor market. We have again for the first time that I can recall, we have a robust economy that presents an opportunity for us to grow significantly with the customer base. In order to do that, again, you have a labor factor that we haven't seen in this country probably in 20 years.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that is helpful. And then, Mark, when you talked about capital allocation and you listed your priorities, I think, you talked about acquisitions. I'm just wondering if you would be potentially open to acquisitions on the mill side as well as the box side? Obviously, you had a major competitor announced an acquisition of another commentator, when you think about the mill side, do you still think there are opportunities out there from an acquisition perspective in North America or any color you can give.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, we’ve stated this right along. We would be open to the right acquisition at the right price. We are very mindful of that, but we still don't have various opportunities on how we grow the system, and again, we are surely not without opportunities. I'll leave it at that.
Anthony Pettinari: And may be just a final one for Bob. In terms of CapEx guidance for 2018, is it possible to parse out how much of that is related to Wallula that might roll off in 2019?
Bob Mundy: Yeah, there is about $130 million maybe just slightly more than that Anthony than this year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful.
Bob Mundy: None of that will be 2019. That CapEx will be finished this year. So it is off.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Next you have Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie Jones: I wanted to ask about transport cost, since it is clearly an issue for the industry, in some cases access to transport. Can you just comment on how big of an issue this is for you relative to other things you are concerned about and just things that you have thought about kind of eliminate some of the risk around this?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Debbie. As a matter of fact, what we saw in the fourth quarter, especially through the robust holiday period, transportation has become my significant Number 1, concern, the availability and the cost of transportation. On the trucking side, we have these matter of new laws that has been enacted now as of December, regarding electronic logs. Last year, we worked through the hours of service within the trucking industry. So we've had two big factors that have now taken a number of trucks and drivers off the system. And then you combine that with a very robust economy, that’s putting the demands on that remaining fleet of tractors and trailers and drivers and then you also, on the rail side, you have some rail inefficiency obviously due to one in particular, Class I rail carrier. And so, transportation cost and availability has become my Number 1 concern. Tom, you want to add to that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, I’ll say, certainly from the box plant perspective, rail service is a real issue for us and the quality of rail cars, et cetera, that creates real issues for us. Especially on the trucking side, the new laws that Mark just mentioned, plus the lack of drivers, lack of equipment and generally, what’s boosting the economy, I mean, we're competing with everybody for that same shortage of labor and equipment. So it's a clearly a headwind for us that we are going to have to work very hard to manage and minimize as much as we possibly can.
Debbie Jones: Okay, thank you. My second question on e-commerce. I think on the last call, you said that you felt that the impact if you just look over the last few years has had kind of smooth impact in terms – or how it's impacting you. As you went through the fourth quarter and looking into Q1, do you have any updated thoughts on just how e-commerce is impacting the numbers on a year-over-year basis? Do you see the growth accelerating? Or is it kind of similar to what you've seen in the past?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom you want to?
Tom Hassfurther: I don’t think there is any doubt that it continues to grow. The challenge I think for all of us when it comes to e-commerce is how seasonally it is and how strong it is, the fourth quarter versus the other quarters of the year. So that probably creates the biggest angst for us, but it's fairly a growing part of the economy and it's been good for the box business.
Debbie Jones: Does it change the way that your customers in terms of level of service, whether it be helping them with rightsizing, packaging, the type of containerboard that you want exposure to?
Tom Hassfurther: We always working on those things, Debbie. So it doesn't change the way we do business. We always try to add value to our customers.
Debbie Jones: Okay thanks. I’ll back it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Thanks good morning everyone.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Adam Josephson: Bob couple of questions, Bob or Mark. Just one on the sequential bridge, again. I know you talked about some of the labor costs I think being timing related and the seasonally colder weather, it's obviously temporary. Can you just give us some sense as to, on a per share basis, how much of that you expect to go away post 1Q?
Bob Mundy: I’d say probably a couple of cents Adam, something in that ballpark.
Adam Josephson: Okay, and just on this cost inflation issue as well, Bob or Mark, last year, it was OCC, this year, it's transport and energy and chemicals. And it seems like it's something every year, right. So how would you have us think when you announce these price increases, right, of $50 at a time? How do you have us think about the flow through to your earnings, or to your EBITDA of these increases given this constant cost inflation that exists in the business?
Bob Mundy: I don't want to get into that question and the detail you want, but you have to keep in mind that if you understand how robust the entire economy is and what it is doing across all input costs, whether it’s raw materials and then transporting finished goods to the customer, it is a constant factor now. Now as I said, it's a high-class factor. And so, I'd rather be in this environment than what we’ve experienced over the last 25 years. And it's something that as a nation, we have to figure out how to manage. Transportation, logistics issues, and all – the labor shortage phenomena, skilled workers, so I'll look at it as an opportunity. And so, we're not going to get into the price and kind of that thing.
Adam Josephson: Sure and just one last one, Mark. Someone referred to the acquisition announced earlier this week on your call. Can you share any thoughts you have about that deal?
Mark Kowlzan: No.
Adam Josephson: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I’m just also trying to parse a little bit when you have that for 4Q to 1Q bridge and I appreciate all the colors that you have given. I'm just trying to get a sense as to how much, on a percent basis you might be able to relay would be normal inflationary pressures from wages et cetera. Would you give us trend line versus may be what you would term as more exceptional increases above and beyond normal because of freight and not so on the wages that you are talking about. Is there a way to sort of give us a sense of how much it's just kind of normal inflationary versus what is indicative of what's been a pickup?
Bob Mundy: Yeah, Mark I’d say this year, it's $0.03 to maybe $0.04 above what we would normally see. It’s how we're looking at it right now.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. That is super helpful. And lastly just on the uncoated free sheet business, any update on business conditions there for us?
Mark Kowlzan: Volume is good. We are pleased with where we are with the demand. Again, we are pretty well winding down the specialty business out of Wallula. So it’s pretty well, if you think about the Jackson mill and the I Falls mill producing cut size and converting grades business is – volume is good. Again, I'm pleased with where we are in the month of January. Volume is lighter than the fourth quarter, but that's normal, but year-over-year were doing quite well with volume.
Mark Weintraub: And obviously there is a lot of capacity takeout across the industry going on in uncoated freesheet, which presumably is tightening things up. Are there any other factors that play that you think are influencing the market and helping provide support to price initiatives, be it pulp cost or
Mark Kowlzan: Again, just overall input cost inflation has a dramatic factor on some people's decision on what's happened I think in the industry with some of these shuts that were announced. And the thing about cost, of pulp, that had flowed through some of these mills that are dependent on 100% purchased fiber. So again, out of the for us, as we've said this before, the paper business generates a lot of cash and I Falls and Jackson mill require a lot of capital right now. So we are just – we've got a tidy little business there. We don't have an outage this year at the Jackson, at I Falls rather. So again, shaping starting up in good shape.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Next you have Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: Good morning gentlemen. I have a couple of set questions. First, Bob, if you just could help me a little bit with tax cuts. I think you said this year would be kind of normalized 17% to 19% on the cash side if not for the payment that you made in December. Is that a reasonable run rate, 17 to 19, what we should think about ongoing say 19, 20 ongoing past that or does it kind of …
Mark Kowlzan: Obviously, things could even change this year, but to answer to your question, I'd say, that's where I would use if I were trying to model something right now, but obviously that can change.
Chris Manuel: Okay that is helpful. And then Mark if you could help us may be just a little with phasing, it sounds like that W3 machine goes down this week, it will come back on March 1, and then will be running at…
Mark Kowlzan: The DeRidder will be going down the week after next for it’s conversion work and then the DeRidder annual work. The Wallula 3 machine will be down during the month of May.
Chris Manuel: During the month of May, okay.
Mark Kowlzan: For it’s first phase.
Chris Manuel: Then it will be 240,000 ton a year clip until some point in 3Q when you put the rest of the equipment in. Is that right? Or 4Q or when is that last piece.
Mark Kowlzan: We will run at the reduced rate through the summer months and then October, we take the machine down again and all of that was dependent on the deliveries on the few pieces of Capital One lead items that we had to wait for. And then we come out of that October shutdown and we should be ready to run at the full rate.
Chris Manuel: That’s a full rate. That is helpful. So I guess where I am kind of going with all this is, if I put this together, if you continue to run at present levels you are, I think, you mentioned up 6% to 7% here through 18 days this first half of the year is going to be incredibly tight. How do you balance meeting customer demand? Are you having any issues in the marketplace trading for and procuring paper? I'm guessing you probably happened to buy a little bit on the outside as we sit today. Can you maybe give us a little color or some thought there?
Mark Kowlzan: And we had talked similar about this last year, for the year, we purchased about 250,000 tons of containerboard on the outside and in a very opportunistic manner and we'll continue on that pace this year until we get Wallula fully ramped up and behind us. And so, again, taking advantage of transportation opportunities by region within the country, and also, we built some inventory. We ran extremely hard through the latter part of the year, making sure that we will prepare for these early outages i.e. the DeRidder one coming up in a couple of weeks. But to your point, we are going to be very tight. And we have to run well. What is going to run has to run well and Tom you want to add to that.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Chris I’d also add to this. I think another good way to look at it is that even after Wallula comes up, we will be at the same integration level, 95% plus integration level that we were going into that. So those tons are all accounted for. And so there is no question. It's going to be, it's tight. It's going to remain tight and we are going to have to hit on all cylinders to make sure that there is no bloops in the system.
Chris Manuel: I guess my last question is how do you think about other opportunities that you have? Do you have other machines that you could target over the next one to two years to do similar type conversions? Or how do you also balance that with thinking of other assets that you could acquire or potentially partner with to convert.
Mark Kowlzan: That is something that we think about all the time. And we have plans on how we would go forward and So, we have various alternatives. So when we announce something, we will. Other than that, we are not going to start speculating on what's the best direction for us. So we have different opportunities.
Chris Manuel: Fair enough. Thank you gentlemen.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Just a couple of follow ups. Specifically on transportation can you sort of parse out your mix between rail versus truck? And how you balance maybe one versus the other?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, Scott obviously, rail is primarily what’s used coming out of the mills, truck is primarily used for our corrugated shipments. If you're looking at it from a dollar standpoint or number of load standpoint, what have you.
Scott Gaffner: Dollars would be great.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, certainly dollars, I think dollars, it is probably 65% or so rail.
Scott Gaffner: Okay, and if look at your inventory positions then, how is the rising cost and availability inventory decisions 2017 and maybe going into 2018?
Mark Kowlzan: Container board inventory.
Scott Gaffner: Correct
Mark Kowlzan: Again we have to run hard in order to satisfy the needs that we had last year, we had to run hard all year long and execute well, which we did. And the big consideration, as we were coming into the fourth quarter was could we build some inventory that would give us a little more of insurance policy through three big outages that we have coming up in this first quarter and the few outages we have in the second quarter. So again, I think, the key is, we have built inventory to the best of our ability to run through this period and then, Tom just said it, everything else, we have to run extremely well. No other explanation.
Scott Gaffner: Okay, and then on the labor inflation piece, I think, in the prepared remarks or in the press release, you mentioned labor inflation on the box side of the business. Is that, should we expect that tight labor markets to be more acutely felt on the box side of the business, maybe because you don't have as many unionized employees on the box side of the business versus the mill side of the business.
Tom Hassfurther: Well I think, hey Scott this is Tom. I think one of the things that you're going to find is, number one is you got a lot more employees when you go through the box plants. So obviously, they're going to be impacted more. But also, you do have a mix of union, non-union. We try to take care of our people the same way. So we're really good one to that. The fact of the matter is, it is a tight labor market and is becoming tighter. And depending on the marketplace you are in, you could have a lot of competition for that same labor market. So this is going to be a headwind for a long time I think until we get a lot of policies in this federal government straight down. So that we can figure some of this out. But it's clearly an issue and even with capital expenditures on the things we do inside these box plants requires a different talent level. Obviously, that requires some different skill sets and perhaps a different labor rates. So it's going to be a problem to having this business for quite some time to come.
Scott Gaffner: Alright, thank Tom. Last one for me is just around some of the consolidation potentially taking place in the Pacific Northwest. Are there any added concerns or considerations that you would take into place with the Wallula conversion with that potential consolidation on the table? Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: No. Again, when we announced Wallula, we already [indiscernible] in conjunction with the Sacramento Container acquisition. And the existing business that we do in the West Coast. So, we don't see that as any issue.
Scott Gaffner: Okay, good luck in the year thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Next you have Steven Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover: My principal question was answered but I was wondering if you could give us bit of an update on virgin fiber prices both in the South and Pacific Northwest.
Mark Kowlzan: If Virgin fiber prices in the South has been primarily affected by the weather phenomenon and that is something that you always think about as far as, especially during the late fall, winter periods with wet winter weather conditions. And in this case, the first 18 days of January with snow and ice through much of the wood baskets. And in my commentary earlier from that Dallas Metroplex across the Gulf states, we had the DeRidder mill, Counce mill and Valdosta containerboard mills are all severely impacted for a number of days. And the Jackson, Alabama paper mill was severely impacted. And in terms of raw material deliveries, in particular wood deliveries and wood costs and so it’s a different scenario right now compared to what we have seen in other years with the way this winter shaped up.
Steven Chercover: So, I guess we’ve called that extreme seasonality. But as saw mills ramp up, will chips become more available? Is that your expectation going forward?
Mark Kowlzan: Well theoretically that is the case, and then regarding question on Pacific Northwest, we are seeing pretty stable fiber pricing. It's been up over the last few years, but there is no dramatic changing currently. But the big story for us right now is what's happening in the Southeast and Gulf Coast region with winter weather phenomena in the last month.
Steven Chercover: Very good thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you next question please.
Operator: Next you have Gail Glazerman with ‎Roe Equity Business.
Gail Glazerman: Hey good morning. Maybe just sticking on with fiber can you give us a little bit more perspective on what you are seeing in OCC and how you expect it to play out over the rest of the year? And particularly, are you seeing any kind of structural adjustments to the Chinese shift in policy, like incremental demand for DLK and stuff like that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well regarding year-over-year OCC recycled fiber, still on average of $50 higher than it was a year ago. And then, we said this many times, OCC and recycled fiber is very dependent on what China does. China will swing that either way and you would assume and we see some evidence of this, they are issuing new licenses and permits that demand will go up. And so, again, I think that's always the wildcard. I think, the demand here in the United States is pretty well known, but China is what will move the needle significantly, one way or the other as it did last year in going up and coming down. Tom, you want to?
Tom Hassfurther: I think, the important thing is, when you think about China is they have to have virgin fiber. And they're going to get it one way or the other, whether it's OCC, DLK or importing linerboard. They've got to have virgin fiber in their system in order to run their system. So it could come from any of those sources, and I think it's kind of dependent on price. But one thing is kind of surprising is if you think about with as little OCC as they've been importing and how OCC stayed – the price stayed up and as Mark indicated the EBITDA over the same quarter a year ago, that's kind of surprising, which I think is an indicator of which direction OCC is probably going.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you. Just on box demand, can you give some perspective on, I guess, just what your outlook is may be over the medium term in terms of box growth? And beyond just kind of a cyclical pickup in the economy, are you seeing anything structural in terms of investments from your customers manufacturing or just anything structural that would drive demand.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Gail. I think all that above which you just said is absolutely true. And as I indicated, I said demand remains very strong even though we had some weather related issues earlier this month, but clearly, demand is strong. And we're in a phase now where the box business is tracking the GDP a lot closer than it had been and that's primarily related to manufacturer. We've definitely seen number one, you're not seeing manufacturing moving out of this country anymore. So that trend is kind of behind us in a great way, and now we are seeing a lot more on shoring of manufacturing and we are seeing a lot more investment that our customers are talking about in terms of what they're going to do with our facilities. So I think, demand is going to be – is going to remain very strong.
Gail Glazerman: And just the last one on the labor side, are there any kind of capital projects and investments or equipment that you guys could look to invest in as a structural kind of relief on some of the labor tightness?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, that’s an ongoing opportunity. And since we do that all the time. But also, keeping in mind that there is a limit on which how much capital you choose to spend and can justify spending and also how much you can actually physically deploy in terms of the groups that we have on the box side and on the mill side that you can take on so many projects. And you have to prioritize those opportunities and we do that all the time. And so, that's an ongoing opportunity that we deal with.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. I think we have time for one more quick question if anybody needs to ask anything then we will call it. Operator, anymore questions?
Operator: You have a question from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi guys just a quick one to clean up. If we look at the Paper segment, 4Q versus 4Q and reflecting on I think, you said prices are down still 3.5% or so year-on-year. How much of the residual gap in EBITDA would you expect to ultimately go away as we get into 2Q and then the rest of the year is definitely a way to parse, again, that 4Q to 4Q performance. Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: George, I don't think we thought about that in those terms year. So I don't want to answer anything. We don't have that for you. We’ll talk about it and we’ll get back to you after the call.
George Staphos: Okay, fair enough, thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Alright. With that, operator, thank you everybody for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking with you in April. So with that thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kowlzan – Chief Executive Officer Tom Hassfurther – Executive Vice President Bob Mundy – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets George Staphos – Bank of America Mark Connelly – Stephens Anthony Pettinari – Citi Debbie Jones – Deutsche Bank Adam Josephson – KeyBanc Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research James Armstrong – Armstrong Investments Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo Securities Scott Gaffner – Barclays Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs Gail Glazerman – Roe Equity Research Blutenthal – Hartline Investment Corp
Operator: Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2017 09:00 AM ET
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, our Executive Vice President, who runs Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results, and then I’m going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who’ll provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up, and then we’d be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $139 million or $1.47 per share. Reported earnings include the impact of special items expense primarily related to discontinuing paper operations associated with previously announced conversion of the No. 3 machine in our Wallula, Washington mill to linerboard. Excluding these special items, the third quarter 2017 net income was $159 million or $1.58 per share compared to the third quarter 2016 net income of $123 million or $1.30 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.6 billion in 2017 and $1.5 billion in 2016. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding special items, was $364 million in 2017 and $299 million in 2016. Details of the special items for the quarter were included in the schedules that accompany the earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.38 per share increase in third quarter 2017 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2016 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix, $0.61, and sales volume, $0.07, in the Packaging segment, and a partial insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident of $0.02. These items were partially offset by lower prices and mix of $0.05 and sales volume of $0.02 in the Paper segment. We have higher input costs of $0.12 with recycled fiber, energy and chemical costs, all higher, partially offset by lower wood fiber costs. Operating costs were up $0.03, primarily due to higher labor, repair and converting costs. We also had higher expenses for freight of $0.02 and annual outages of $0.02 as well as higher corporate and other costs of $0.06 per share, which was primarily higher depreciation and interest expense. Compared to the third quarter guidance, results were negatively impacted by $0.02 per share due to hurricane-related items at certain mills in corrugated products facilities. And these were offset by a partial insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident of $0.02 per share. Looking at packaging – looking at our Packaging segment, the EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter of 2017 of $341 million with sales of $1.35 billion resulted in margins of 25.3% versus last year’s EBITDA of $256 million and sales of $1.17 billion or a 21.9% margin. Higher year-over-year inflation came in close to where we expected, and the employees at our mills and corrugated products facilities did an outstanding job mitigating the negative impact from the recent hurricanes. Our containerboard mills set all-time quarterly production record of 996,000 tons, reflecting the successful results of our scheduled outages earlier in the year as well as incremental improvements at the DeRidder Mill that we’ve spoken about previously. Containerboard inventories were 7,000 tons above last year’s third quarter, as we plan for continued strong demand in our Packaging segment, while preparing for scheduled fourth quarter outages at our Counce and Tomahawk Mills. We also began the integration of the Sacramento Container acquisition across our packaging business platform. And we’re also preparing for the first quarter 2018 scheduled outages at 3 of our mills that will significantly reduce our production early next year. I’ll now turn it over to Tom, who’ll provide more details on the containerboard sales and corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. Overall, Packaging segment demand remained very strong with sales and production volumes contributing $0.11 per share above last year’s third quarter and $0.07 above the second quarter of 2017. Corrugated product shipments in total were up 4% with 2 less work days or 7.3% per work day compared to last year’s third quarter. Continued strong demand in both our domestic and export markets improved our outside sales volume of containerboard by about 9,000 tons versus last year’s third quarter and almost 32,000 tons versus the second quarter of 2017. We executed the implementation of our Packaging segment price increases very well during the third quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.54 per share higher than the third quarter of 2016 and up $0.20 per share compared to the second quarter of 2017. Export containerboard prices were up over 21% or $0.07 per share above third quarter 2016 levels and up 6% compared to the second quarter of this year. And I will turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter was $39 million with sales of $271 million or a 15% margin compared to the third quarter of 2016 EBITDA or $59 million and sales of $293 million or 20% margin. Although white paper sales volume was about flat with last year’s third quarter, overall Paper segment volume was down due to our exit from the market pulp business. Paper volumes were up over 9% in the seasonally stronger third quarter versus the second quarter of 2017. Similar to the industry published prices, Paper segment price and mix was about 2.5% below third quarter 2016 levels and 1.9% below the second quarter of 2017. Finally, third quarter results were also negatively impacted by a scheduled annual maintenance outage at our Wallula Mill versus having no outages in last year’s third quarter. I’ll now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. As mentioned when providing our third quarter 2017 guidance of $1.68 per share, this did not include any potential additional costs or anticipated recoveries related to the DeRidder Mill insurance claim. During the quarter, we were able to report another partial insurance recovery of $0.02 per share. However, as Mark indicated earlier, hurricane-related items at certain mills and our box plants in Florida negatively impacted the third quarter by $0.02 per share, which gets us back to the $1.68 per share on a recurring basis. There were other small differences in the key items that make up our guidance estimate, but they effectively offset each other. There’s no change in our estimate range of $20 million to $25 million for the total property damage and business interruption losses, including capital costs related to the DeRidder incident. We ended the quarter with $371 million of cash on hand. Usage of cash included; $103 million for federal and state tax payments, capital expenditures of $87 million, common stock dividends totaling $59 million, pension contributions of $36 million and $2 million in term loan repayments. Finally, our planned annual maintenance outages for the balance of the year are unchanged from our previous guidance, which reflects a negative impact of $0.12 per share moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, resulting in a full year 2017 total impact of $0.51 per share. I’ll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. As most of you know, during the third quarter, we announced that we’d entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Sacramento Container Corporation. At 100% of the membership interest of Northern Sheets, LLC and Central California Sheets, LLC in a cash-free, debt-free transaction for a cash purchase price of $265 million. We also announced that we will discontinue production of the uncoated freesheet and coated one-side grades at our Wallula, Washington mill in the second quarter of 2018 to begin the conversion of the 200,000 ton per year No. 3 machine to a 400,000 ton per year high-performance 100% virgin kraft linerboard machine. Earlier this month, we announced that we had completed the Sacramento Container acquisition and activities are well underway to optimize and integrate these facilities into our Packaging business platform. Additionally, preparations are on schedule at our Wallula Mill to cease paper production on the No. 3 machine and begin production of virgin linerboard beginning in the second quarter of 2018. Looking ahead, as we move from the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we expect Packaging segment demand to remain strong, although at seasonally lower volumes, which includes one less shipping day as well as a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products. We will also have the addition of our newly acquired Sacramento Container operations in the fourth quarter. In our Paper segment, we’ve started implementing our recently announced price increases, but expect seasonally lower volumes and a less rich sales mix. While recycled fiber prices should move lower, higher wood and energy costs, along with higher prices for certain key chemicals and higher freight costs are also expected. Finally, as Bob mentioned earlier, we estimate our annual outage cost to be $0.12 per share higher than the third quarter due to scheduled annual maintenance work at two of our containerboard mills and two of the paper mills. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $1.50 per share. This does not include any potential additional costs or anticipated recoveries related to the DeRidder Mill insurance claim. With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K that’s on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I’d like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: My first question has to do with – it’s a little broader one, but historically, you guys have done a great job focusing on the small and middle sized customers maybe relative to some of the other box producers. And I am just curious and as the world becomes more tied to – or growth because and we are tied to e-commerce, is there any change in that strategy in the sense that you would feel the need to participate – in order to participate in e-commerce that you would have to get bigger in some of the larger companies that buy boxes?
Mark Kowlzan: I’m going to answer that with no. But I’m going to let Tom provide more color there because it is important. Chip, I would say that – you know, listen, e-commerce is an important part of the business. And it’s a channel that many of our customers actually participate in. And of course, I think a lot of people and I think about e-commerce, I just think about Amazon, which is somewhere between 40% and 50% of the e-commerce segment. And that’s one way to get products to directly to consumers, but a lot of our customers use other channels as well. So along with Amazon, we participate in many instances, where e-commerce is taking place and I think we’re fortunate again, because we’ve got such a broad-based customer based at – many of those customers find a lot of different channels to sell-through, including e-commerce. So we’ve been able to grow along with them and growing that e-commerce segment.
Tom Hassfurther: That’s why, Chip, again, the inherently the strategy will change, it hasn’t changed for many years. We just go and take advantage of the market dynamics and the capability we have of approximately 19,000 customers nationwide.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Okay. And then the second follow-up I have is, as we think about conversions and let’s look at Wallula as an example. Obviously, the payback is very quick, which is uniquely something that you can take advantage of that, I suppose, most can’t, but it’s also important to look at the lost revenue that – or income from what you used to make there. And if you could just help us, as we model 2018 and beyond, how much will you forgo by not running whatever you’re running at Wallula as either pulp or white paper? And I know you shut down some pulp there last year. And then also, as we think about the quarters, and this might be more for Bob next year. Whether it be kind of any disruption or unusual pressure on the Paper segment income as you’re actually doing the work in the second and fourth quarters?
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding the first part, obviously, we’re exiting that business, the coated business primarily because we’ve seen the declining margins over the last couple of years. And we have the opportunity on the other side of the business being our growth side, corrugated products to take advantage of that mill asset. And so obviously, there will be a decline in the reported revenues and the earnings, but it will be small. Bob, do you want to add a little more color to that?
Bob Mundy: Yes. Chip, as we were saying, with that business and where we were positioned in marketplace and so forth and as we looked out, the margins were certainly going in the wrong direction. So the impact of what we will lose when we convert is not extremely significant. Regarding 2018, yes, for the Wallula Mill, it will be a lumpy year. When you think about the first quarter, maybe sort of business as usual, but in the second quarter, where we have the first outage to begin the conversion, that will be a – there will be some extra costs, certainly, coming in then and they’ll be coming out of that, we’re running the linerboard. But we’re – we still have all the bells and whistles that we want to put on later in the year, so it will be improved, but maybe not at the cost that we ultimately would like to be at. Then we go into fourth quarter outage to finish up the work and then coming out of, again, more costs coming in, but then as we come out of that, that’s when we feel like we will be on the run rate that we – that meets the expectations that we have built into the project.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Tom, I wondered, if you could give us some guidance in terms of your level of integration, once we’ve got kind of Sacramento and as well as those sheet plants. What’s your – what will your integrations be in, say, the fourth quarter or the first quarter next year?
Tom Hassfurther: Our integration level is currently about 95%, Mark. And even after the completion of Sacramento and then the work at Wallula and when we are up running full at Wallula, we’ll be right back to that 95% integration level.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then kind of following on that, so it seems like Wallula is buying you, I don’t know, a couple of years of demand growth. But can you just help us think about sort of what the next options might be for you guys in terms of either acquisitions, internal – other internal conversions just sort of what the – what the palette looks like?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark, this is Mark. We’ve been asked that for the last year or so. Obviously, we will continue to evaluate all the options from acquisitions of one-off mills to conversions. And so trust that we are looking at this point frequently and understand what our options are and how we would do that. And so – and I think I’ve used this term before, that’s our high-class problem as we go forward.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then the last one from me. Is there anyway, Mark, you can kind of quantify the pressure you expect in the fourth quarter on some of these inputs that you mentioned kind of wood, freight, chemicals. And whether you think like particularly with wood, this is just a kind of transitory issue because of wet weather?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, on the wood issue, we had a wetter summer in the mid-south region, primarily the Jackson mill impacted. But obviously, with the hurricanes from the August through the September period, all the way from the Louisiana wood basket into the Georgia wood basked, across the board, we’d to deal with wetter weather. So we still got some overhang from that. It’s been continuing to be wet. So unless it dries up, weather changes, we’ll see some overhang on the wood cost in those regions. And then it’s just the year-over-year on general chemical like caustic latexes and others year-over-year. And, Bob, why don’t you add a little more color to that.
Bob Mundy: Yes, yes. So, Mark, we have inflation that is not a lot across freight and wood and chemicals and energy, but there’s certainly some inflation. And there’s also some usage related as you get into the cooler months, some of those items are impacted by the weather that we anticipate. And the other thing is, yes, we will have a benefit from lower OCC prices, but as everyone should know that when prices move, we’re not impacted as much when they go higher and so we’re not getting as much benefit when they go lower. So the net of that is with those – all those types of inputs including freight is just not a – it doesn’t move the needle a lot one way or the other.
Mark Wilde: Okay that’s all from the row.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks everyone, good morning. Thanks for the detail. The first question I had was on production. So in the quarter, you obviously had a record in the containerboard side, and you did a fair bit better than we were looking for. How much more production can you squeeze out in this period here until Wallula shows up and the remaining project, DeRidder or debottlenecking shows up next year. Can you continue running or have the ability anyway, if there is demand for it to be up 4% or so, 5%? Or are we looking at a narrower gain at this juncture in terms of what’s available?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, this year’s year-over-year production is benefiting from the projects that we’ve called out i.e., the DeRidder improvements on both DeRidder No. 1 and DeRidder No. 3. We said we’d get probably around 50,000 tons benefit this year. And then we’re obviously seeing that. And then the other mills just continued to benefit from our constant attention to detail on improving the efficiencies on an ongoing basis. But if you think about – if you did an estimate for 2017 versus 2016, we’re going to be up probably a 150,000 tons over last year, and then we’ve got the shutdowns that we’re going to be facing. So the big opportunity is going to be coming, obviously, from the work at DeRidder during the first quarter annual outage that will take care of some final work on No. 1 and then the remaining work on the wet end of No. 3 machine. And then DeRidder will be behind us after the first quarter and then we just need to get lined out there and so we will achieve the full run rate benefits that we’ve been talking about. And then to the point, we just faced that opportunity of how do we continue to provide the tons and looking at the different opportunities, but – and I’ve said this many times, we are very mindful of that every dollar of capital spent does have a diminishing return at some point in time. So we are very prudent in how we’d look at where that opportunity comes from.
George Staphos: Okay Mark thank you for that. Can you comment at all in terms of what trends you’re seeing early in the fourth quarter in terms of both box shipments? And for that matter, what you’re seeing in the paper market? And then I had one last follow-on question.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, let me handle the Paper side and Tom is going to give you the details on the corrugated products. Paper is holding up, as we would expect. We’re right into the fourth quarter typical. The mix has fallen off, as you’d expect. It’s not as rich as you’ve seen in third quarter. You’ve seen some seasonally slower volume and activity with the cut size, in particular and some of the offset during the converting grade. But all in all, we’re where we expect to be. And so from our Paper business, we continue to just move along with fairly flat sales quarter-to-quarter, year- over-year. Tom, why don’t you give some details on that?
Tom Hassfurther: George, in terms of the packaging side of the business and boxes specifically, demand remains very good, very strong. Through 15 days returning 5% higher on a per-day basis and that excludes Sacramento Container, of course. So we’re very pleased with the current level of demand.
George Staphos: Thomas, are you saying that includes or excludes Sacramento in that 5%?
Tom Hassfurther: that excludes Sacramento Container.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you for that. My last question is – it’s more around the margin opportunity in corrugated for your longer term. I mean, given our research travels recently, it seems like the e-commerce customers tends to be a bit more service-oriented, which maybe means more costs, but potentially also means more sorts of things are required that you’re quite good at and therefore, provides an opportunity. And then similarly, if we think about Sacramento, can you tie in any parallels between its margin opportunity and return relative to what we saw out of – implicitly, any way out of TimBar and Columbus? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Let me make a quick comment, and then Tom could add to that. We, obviously, have a very large sales force that caters to the requirements of the customer base and provides a of that focus and value to the customer base. We will continue to extract value as time goes on and grow that opportunity. And then, Tom, what’s the Sacramento Container, again of Corrugated Products Yes. I’ll just add a little bit to that, Mark, as well. Every time, any customer that has a high level of demand for service, quality, cost takeout, whatever might happen to be, that really fits into our wheelhouse, of course, that’s a – we consider that to be somewhat of an advantage for us, given the way we go to market. So it all goes down to value, and we can provide a lot of value that’s a great opportunity for us. Regarding Sacramento, yes, we’ve got – we have many opportunities in Sacramento. We are off to a terrific start. Culturally, the companies are very well aligned and that, I think, that our returns at Sacramento and there are a lot of different – there are a lot of moving parts there. So especially when you talk about the sheet feeders that are in the plant that we acquired as well. So there is a lot to be done that there is a lot of opportunities.
George Staphos: Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, good morning. So in white paper, you’ve already made some progress on costs, Mark, you’re going up and down. But as you think about the Wallula project and the change to the mix and the shifting production from one place to another. Is there a big opportunity to reoptimize at I Falls and Jackson. I just don’t have a good sense of how much that coated one-side is going to affect those other mills?
Mark Kowlzan: It really has no effect. That was truly a separate business. We did make a very small amount of uncoated freesheet on the Wallula No. 3 machine just to fill up some of the time over the last number of years, since we made the acquisition. But a very small amount of – primarily some printing and converting grade that came off that machine. And so the move away from that business is very – has very little to none impact on I Falls and Jackson. Again, it just helps us again, focus now with that two mills and the group sales force marketing and operations can just concentrate on that better business that we think will remain. 
Mark Connelly: Okay, that’s helpful. And just one clarification. How much of the new Wallula linerboard is replacing outside tons? And how much is replacing stuff that you’re shipping or trading for?
Mark Kowlzan: I think the best way to look at that is, when we come on with Wallula, we have a home for it immediately within our system. And so it’s spoken for already.
Mark Connelly: Okay, that’s enough thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Alright. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: I was wondering, if it’s possible to say how much of the Wallula CapEx spend is in 2017 versus 2018? And then just from a big picture perspective, you’ve done this conversions before. How do you judge the kind of degree of difficulty or complexity in terms of what you’re doing at Wallula versus the earlier conversion at DeRidder?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, as far as capital, we’ve got somewhere in that neighborhood of $13 million committed to this year in our capital plan. And a lot of that, obviously, have to go to ordering a lot of the long-lease item equipment and getting started with things, so we’re well on our way. As far as the complexity, the Wallula machine is very, very similar. It’s almost a twin machine of the DeRidder, only it’s a much newer version of the DeRidder No. 3 machine. So technically speaking, it’s a much more capable machine. And also keep in mind that, we now have owned that business for four years. So right from the beginning, as we were working on the mills, the efficiencies and capital spending opportunities that we identified over the last number of years, we’ve always looked at that mill as an opportunity that could be converted. And so very little of the capital that was spent would be throwaway capital and the capital that was spent was always looked upon as how we could enhance the future of the mill. And so it already addressed a lot of the unit operations issues and opportunities. And so the complexity of the conversion right now is just ensuring that we’ve done a good job with our engineering and then the installation of the equipment and done in a precision manner. So we have extremely high level of confidence in how we will execute. And so it’s just a matter of waiting for the equipment deliveries and take the machine down in the spring and install and start back up.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then kraft linerboard export prices have been very strong throughout the quarter and the year. Is it possible to say how much of your production you exported in the quarter? And would you expect that share to be kind of stable? Could it rise? Or could it shrink just given the very strong domestic demand you’ve seen?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I’m going to let Tom walk you through that because what they – obviously, we have seen a quarter-to-quarter change in the – how much we exported and what was available from the mill system that ran exceptionally well. Tom?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Anthony, as I mentioned, I mean, we did export significantly more in the third quarter over the second quarter and over the previous year. A lot of that has to do with some catch up that we had in terms of demand from the export market. It’s been, as you said, it’s been very strong. The pricing has been booming up rapidly. So we did have some catch up we needed to do. And given the fact that the Counce outage was moved into the fourth quarter and the mills produced so well, it really allowed us to – and then, of course, the one less selling day on boxes, it certainly allowed us the opportunity to really move some of those types in the export market and satisfy those customers that we’ve after a long time and that we continue to service. Again, as I said many times, we’re not huge players in the export market by any means, but we’ve got some key customers that we’ve had for a long, long period of time. And we feel an obligation to continue to take care of those customers.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie Jones: I think you made some comments in the prepared remarks about maintenance early next year at three locations. Could you just walk through when you think that might be recurring? Is any of this related to Wallula? I mean is this a pull-forward or should we expect higher maintenance next year?
Mark Kowlzan: We’re not going to get into the details of our shutdown plans for next year. We’ll give you all the details on the January call when we go for full year and first quarter guidance. And so, just to understand that we have a heavy first quarter outage plan regarding three of our big operations. And then obviously, the big work and the most complex work will be going on at DeRidder during that period of time with the final phases of the work on the No. 1 machine and the No. 3 machine. So we’ll give you the details on that. But again, it’s not that we don’t have heavy quarters, it’s just we’re calling out the fact that we’ve got increasing demand for every ton we produce. So it just year-after-year becomes that much more critical that we are well prepared on how we look at our inventories going into the new year. So part of that cost is inventory and then obviously the direct maintenance impact. But we’ll call it out, when we have our next call.
Debbie Jones: Okay, thanks. I appreciate that is helpful when looking at Q1 at this point, so I – second question, just I want to move back to Sacramento Container. There’s just been a lot of activity in the region in Northern California. I think Golden Western packaging also talked about building a box plant, I believe, in Saxton, and I just wanted to get a better sense of what is your end-market exposure there? What is attractive about that region? And I think Amazon is expanding. You have [indiscernible] if I talk about exports as well. Could you just talk us through what your exposure is and what you are looking forward to? 
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Tom, why don’t you take that question?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Debbie, listen, if you think about the number of customers we have at all of the businesses that we sell into, we don’t get – we don’t break things out specifically and say we want to go into a certain segment or certain anything. But, the fact, Northern California specifically, of course, is, I mean, is enormous ag region and then you’ve also got Sacramento itself located just outside of the Bay Area as well. So you have a large industrial base as well. So there is a broad segment of customers to be supplied in that area of the country and it’s growing. And of course, you can talk about the Amazon, back then you talked about Silicon Valley and a lot of other things to go on there. But it just is a – it is one of the faster growing regions of the state and of the country, quite frankly. So it provides us a lot of great opportunities.
Debbie Jones: Okay thanks I will turn over.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Thanks good morning everyone.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning
Adam Josephson: Tom, just one clarification on the 5% October. Is that inclusive of Columbus from last year? Or is that an organic number?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, it’s not really inclusive of Columbus either, because we didn’t have it last year at this time. But I’m factoring in, I do know now, because I’ve got numbers because they’re growing at about that rate. So I roll that into our 5% number because they are not going to impact that dramatically anyway, it being just one plant.
Adam Josephson: Okay. In terms of your guidance for 4Q, what does that incorporate in terms of any uncoated freesheet price increase that you announced for October? And then what’s the Sacramento contribution to the 4Q guidance?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. On the paper pricing increase, we have a very small amount of benefit. Obviously, the price increase was announced. We’re working through that, but with the big piece of the volume that we moved into customer base until we see paper trader picks up that index, you don’t start billing some of the customers. So it’s going to be a very minimal positive for fourth quarter.
Adam Josephson: Yes
Bob Mundy: Yes. There certainly is some benefit there and $2.00, $3.00 something like that probably expect. Adam Jesse.
Adam Josephson: Okay. And then, Mark, just one last one. Just in terms of export prices moving up. Obviously, the synergies from your recent acquisitions of converters have presumably been partly related to pulling tons out of lower-priced export markets. Appreciating that you’re also integrating the additional DeRidder tons and that you have a small export presence to begin with. But with the spread between domestic and export prices shrinking, and I don’t know how sustainable that is, but it’s clearly been shrinking pretty dramatically. Does that reduce the expected synergies from those acquisitions?
Mark Kowlzan: No. The way we look at the entire footprint nationwide, we move our tons through our system in the most opportunistic manner we can. And as has Tom mentioned and I mentioned many times, we have some very good legacy customers worldwide. And so we will continue to take advantage of that. And then, regarding our footprint nationwide, how we move and what tons we move into those systems, you have to consider that the differential between the transportation cost to move only tons out of our own mills across the nation as opposed to being able to take advantage of either doing trades or purchasing local tons and then selling some of these tons that we make offshore, it’s part of a complex analysis. But we are very opportunistic on how we move our tons through the system.
Adam Josephson: Thanks a lot Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: One follow-up just on the mills down in the first quarter. And as much as last year or this year, I should say, 2017 first quarter, there was only $0.07 maintenance in outage. Fourth quarter, I think, you’re guiding to about $0.23. And it sounds like 1Q ‘18 that I realize you’re not giving specifics at this point. But that we should be assuming, it’s going to – will it be much closer to the $0.23 than the $0.07 from 20 – first quarter of ‘17?
Mark Kowlzan: I think, as Mark said earlier, Mark, we haven’t given out any EPS numbers relative to the outages. We’ll do that on the next call. But it will be one heavy – one of the heaviest maybe in a long time as far as tons impacted in the first quarter next year. So it will be sizable. But it is the beginning of the year, so you certainly don’t have some of those advertising expenses hitting you early of the year, as you do in the fourth quarter of this year.
Mark Weintraub: Can you remind us this year, how many mills you had down in the first quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, We had, I believe, it was 2. But again, the scope of the work being done, so you could have 1 mill down, but it’s a lot of work being done, it could have a bigger impact and have not too many notes. But there were 2 down last year’s first quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. The second, I just want to clarify, I think you had said that price mix in the corrugated business provided $0.20 improvement 3Q versus 2Q. Did I hear that right?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes
Mark Weintraub: And I guess, I’m just trying to kind of understand, I believe, year-over-year, you note that it was $0.61 better.
Mark Kowlzan: That includes containerboard and export and box.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And what did the $0.20 include.
Mark Kowlzan: That’s primarily on the corrugated side.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So not export or containerboard?
Mark Kowlzan: No, no. Export was a positive, but it wasn’t a part of that $0.20 that Tom mentioned.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, okay. Then one last one. So the 5% per day improvement so far this month, I just want to make sure that I’m understanding this right, because this month, there is going to be one more shipping day for all of October than last year. And so that, if for the full month, you had a 5% per day improvement then on an absolute basis, you’d be up 10%. Is that how we should interpret it? Because I realize it could – maybe that is not necessarily how to interpret it. So I just wanted to clarify.
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, I mean, that’s what the math says. But as you typically know, to smooth things out, I mean often what we do is we take the app speed of the total amount out in the per day and try to kind of find an average in those. So that gives you a little bit better flavor, I think, for smoothing it out over the year as opposed to having these just monthly spike with the 1 extra day. You understand, what I’m saying?
Mark Weintraub: I do thank you
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please
Operator: Your next question comes from James Armstrong with Armstrong Investments.
James Armstrong: Good morning congrats and a good quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning James thank you.
James Armstrong: The first question is, your mix was a nice help in the Packaging segment even beyond pricing. Could you give us a little more color on how your mix changed and what’s going to change as we go into the fourth quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: I’ll start off with that, and then Tom can finish it up.But again, the third quarter is always a very, very good rich mix for us in terms of what we’re producing and what’s going to the market, displays and a lot of holiday business activity. And then that falls off obviously in the fourth quarter. Tom, do you want to add color on that?
Tom Hassfurther: It’s primarily, when we talk about the richer mix, it’s primarily the graphics-related side of the business. And then perhaps on the ag side, there might be some krafts that tend to – tend to give us a little better return than others.
James Armstrong: That helps a lot. Switching gears, are you seeing any seasonal change from e-commerce. Specifically, are you seeing any evidence that demand is extending through November and December that it hadn’t in previous years?
Mark Kowlzan: I think, again, year-after-year, we continue to see that smoothing benefit of going into the latter part of the year and then into the new year, we have seen less downturn in volume activity. So obviously, the e-commerce channel is becoming very important to the industry year-around.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. And there is a large percentage of e- comm that ships in the fourth quarter. I mean, it ramps up quite rapidly over a 60 and 90-day period.
James Armstrong: Okay that helps thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Chris Manuel: Just a couple of questions from me. First, you kind of opened the door earlier, when you talked about how you think about mills in long- term purposes for them within your system. So I’m going to kind of try to exploit that. But when you think about capital allocation, you spent this year’s capital – or this year’s free cash flow effectively buying Sacramento and doing the conversion at Wallula. As you kind of think going forward and your needs to continue to expand capacity, how do you think about perhaps some of the other paper mills, whether it’s maybe not as much International Falls, but perhaps – but maybe done in Jackson, where you’re in kind of the softwood basket. Opportunities as you go forward, say the next 3 to 5 years, how would you handicap the likelihood that you have another containerboard mill out of one of those? 
Mark Kowlzan: I don’t want to speculate that and that’s what it is, it’s pure speculation. We, again, have various means of supplying our system and necessary tons. And as long as the paper business, and this is more a consideration, as long as the paper business continues to generate the kind of cash it’s generating and the positions it is, it remains a good piece of the portfolio. And then you have to assume also your cost to convert each asset is very unique and different versus going out looking at purchasing a mill on the market and doing either a conversion or buying an outright containerboard mill. So there’s various complex considerations. But, again, I don’t want to speculate on the future. Obviously, that’s wide open.
Chris Manuel: All right. That’s fair. If I could come back to Sacramento for a second. I think, as I try to read through your press release at that time, you talked about the ability to do up to 200,000 tons to integrate. Kind of 2 parts to this question. One, roughly what’s the tons or the use that Sacramento has today, just because you could integrate that doesn’t mean it couldn’t be more bigger or smaller, I guess through ton, but – so part A is roughly what size? Is that what it is 200,000 or is it something more than that? And two, were you supplying any to them today? Or is that an organic number? 
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, the 200,000 is a good number to use right now. And no, we weren’t supplying. Tom, you want to give him a little more detail on that [indiscernible] business? Yes, it’s 200,000 tons. That’s a good number you used, Chris. And as Mark just indicated, I mean that’s all – that will all be opportunity for us because we were not supplying any of those customers.
Chris Manuel: Okay. And just 1 last quick question for Bob. I know you’re not trying to predict timing, but do you have any more insurance that you’re anticipating getting over the next 2, 3, 4 quarters? Is it similar size? Or are you done there? 
Bob Mundy: No. We do, Chris. If you take what I’ve indicated was a range of what we were expecting and compared to what we’ve been able to record over the last couple of quarters. There’s still – there’s still $0.04, maybe a little bit more than I would expect to see. 
Chris Manuel: Okay, thank you guys good luck.
Bob Mundy: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Just a follow-up on the mix in particular in the Packaging segment. So as you move into 4Q, this year, versus 3Q, is there anything that would suggest that the mix issues are more pronounced than they have been, say, last year? Or should we think that’s pretty similar? 
Mark Kowlzan: It’s very, very similar. We see this every fourth quarter. It’s just the nature of the marketplace. 
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And just some of the freight issues you experienced in the quarter. Obviously, others did as well. Have you seen those start to abate both on [indiscernible] in availability and a cost perspective? 
Mark Kowlzan: Some regions have, but overall nationwide. We’re still faced with the – on the trucking side, it’s the driver availability issue. And then on rail, you have the 5 Class I rails that we’re dealing with in particular, that changes that everyone’s is dealing with on the East Coast and Southeast through the mid-part of the country with1 Class I railroad, in particular, that we’re all having to manage around. So in general, transportation continues to be a headwind. And then what happened during the hurricane period and what that did to trucking demand. So again, for the foreseeable future, transportation continues to be one of the items that is very high on my radar screen, day-to-day.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And then just, I know, I realize, you don’t want to get into the cadence of the maintenance outages as we move into2018. But as more and more companies are moving to sort of 18-month outage schedules. I mean, how should we think about just the absolute year-over-year outages 2018 versus 2017, higher, lower, similar? 
Mark Kowlzan: I don’t want to get into the details on that. We’ve already, for the last few years, been into 18- month cycles on a number of our mills. And again, it depends on the asset base and the flexibility within a mill. But we started that a few years ago on taking advantage of our maintenance programs and technology available to run the mills out, extended periods of time. So – but again, for all the reasons we have already mentioned, I don’t want to get into the details of next year plans.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Last one from me, just a follow- up on Adam’s question on box integration or assets, buying, converting assets. When you look at the multiples, I mean a large part of the multiples has been – the post synergy multiples has been driven by taking export tons in your system and integrating those into domestic converting. So therefore, by definition almost that post synergy multiples would go higher, if export prices go higher. Does that at all impact your decision-making around whether to go after some of these assets? 
Mark Kowlzan: We will continue to evaluate. It’s basically the book of business. If we have an opportunity to acquire a great book of business that fits our portfolio, you will have to assume we’d be very interested in that. Tom
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, I would just add each one of these acquisitions stand on their own 2 feet. They’ve got to make perfect sense for us. And they’re also – and have to be able to be standalones outside of what the integration level is or those integration opportunities. So we analyze each one individually. And like I said, they’re going to have to pay for themselves. 
Mark Kowlzan: Okay thanks.
Thomas Hassfurther: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: It’s late in the session. So I’m going to ask a weird one. Everyone talks about when China is going to resume purchasing OCC. But if we were to assume that they never buy another ton again, would they need to buy virgin linerboard from us like they did before 2000? 
Mark Kowlzan: That’s again, you can speculate all you want on how they would fiber up their system. So that’s not even worth wasting the time.
Steve Chercover: Okay. Well, I wasn’t trying to waste your time. But if you assume that they did, could you export from Wallula, it’s on the Columbia River? 
Mark Kowlzan: Again, that’s pure speculation, not an opportunity – that’s not even on our radar screen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Most of my questions have already been asked and answered. But I do want to just follow up, Mark, on your response to Anthony’s question about some of the capital spending that you already did at Wallula to kind of position it for this conversion. Would it be fair to say that sort of the all-in capital costs for the conversion are little bit higher than the – that are recorded in the press release? And what I’m really trying to get at is, you quoted last quarter a number that was a lot higher for somebody to do a conversion. Just trying to get a sense as to whether that’s a come down in your minds? Or maybe this is just an opportunity where you’ve already laid a lot of that capital out in earlier years to your maintenance program and other projects. And just you kind of update on whatever cost you think would be involved in a different company trying to do a conversion like this?
Mark Kowlzan: Every mill is unique, every asset is unique. And we have the advantage of, 4 years ago, taking all of these assets and understanding what their opportunities were and also where there strength and weaknesses were. And so as we put in a massive amount of effort into optimizing the mills, each dollar of capital that was spent over this period of time as a standalone on its own metrics of return. And so we are mindful of how we spent that money and understanding that, that dollars spent on capital improvement and efficiency improvements could follow through to a containerboard platform in that asset i.e., Wallula as an example. So the capital that we called up $150 million for conversion is the capital that we will require and take that machine from its current position today to the 400,000 ton per year of virgin kraft. And then again, any other capital that has been spent or will be spent is standalone, high return opportunities and/or maintenance capital. And again, every mill is unique in its needs and its opportunities.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks for that good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Alright, thank you. Any other questions?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning. Mark, going back to your comments on transport. Are the concerns anywhere near where they would have been a year-or-so ago, when things were very, very tight and the industry was carrying a lot more inventory? Or is it more manageable compared to that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, it’s manageable. I’m not going to say more manageable, it’s just manageable. But we have the matter in regard to the one class railroad, as I mentioned in the eastern part of the country to southeast, that’s everybody is working with right now. And then you have the trucking industry. They are going through their own issues of very strong demand and driver shortages, also faced with the latter. As the year wraps up, the trucking industry will have no regulations in place regarding electronic logbooks per se that are required, is mandatory throughout the industry. So there’s a lot of moving parts. But it’s just one of the items that is manageable, but it requires much more attention than it did in past years.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And on export pricing and markets, any concern that if OCC stay down for a prolonged period of time that might impact export pricing? Or do you think it’s been driven by just underlying demand for actual kraftliner globally?
Mark Kowlzan: I don’t want to speculate on that. That’s something that’s not even worth talking about.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And I’m going to appreciate – can you just walk through what you’re seeing in the market that supported the price increase announcement?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, regarding pricing matters, that’s something we don’t talk about. Pricing is something we discuss between ourselves and our customers. And so I’m going to leave it at that.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you
Mark Kowlzan: Alright, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Herb Blutenthal with Hartline Investment Corp.
Herb Blutenthal: Good morning. I want to ask one subject that hasn’t been brought up and that is, debt. I have two questions basically. The first is debt reduction. You at the times talked about you wanted to – after acquisitions and spending internally on the conversion of machines, et cetera, talked about the relatively high debt percentage up in the 50% range. And what is your thoughts on that? That’s my first question, sir.
Mark Kowlzan: I’m not sure, I understand when you say 50% range. If you look our debt-to-EBITDA ratios, we’re down below 2 right now. We’re probably down around 1.9. So in a very comfortable range on our debt position on our balance sheet.
Herb Blutenthal: I was trying to relate it to long-term debt to total long-term stockholder net worth. I was – that’s what I was looking at. The 2 combined, debt is about 50% according to Value Line.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, it is what it is. It’s something we, quite frankly, we don’t pay that much attention to it routinely.
Herb Blutenthal: You don’t think it’s a problem in other words. So your debt – there is no major debt paydown that you see a [indiscernible] for, is that correct?
Mark Kowlzan: Correct.
Herb Blutenthal: Okay. And then the second question, which – with all the information about the email and Amazon, et cetera. Do you give any indication of proportionally approximately the size of Amazon that other online merchants, how much is that to the revenue and profit? I know you can’t give anything specific, but is it – can you give us any general comments about it?
Mark Kowlzan: That’s one particular item we’ve mentioned in the past. We don’t call that out. We don’t measure that per se to the degree that you’re asking for. As Tom mentioned earlier, it is a very broad portion of the opportunity that we deal with every day. And so just – everyone has to understand and appreciate that it’s ongoing. It’s an important opportunity for the industry to continue working through that channel with our customer base. But again, we don’t measure it and try to quantify the exact impact. We know it’s [indiscernible].
Herb Blutenthal: I would say that – the bottom line, you guys are doing a great job at the long-term historical look. I have that – followed your company previously, but I am quite impressed. That’s it.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. All right. With that, operator, we are out of time. Thank you for joining us on the call today. We look forward to seeing you, talking with you in January, when we wrap up our full year and giving the first quarter outlook. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co. Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question and answer session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, and thanks you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and again with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our Packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results, and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide more details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take your questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter 2017 net income of $143 million or $1.52 per share. Excluding special items, second quarter net income was $144 million or also $1.52 per share, compared to the second quarter 2016 net income of $118 million or $1.25 per share. Second quarter net sales were $1.6 billion in 2017, and $1.4 billion in 2016. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter, excluding special items was $328 million in 2017 and $290 million in 2016. Excluding special items, the $0.27 per share increase in second quarter 2017 earnings, compared to the second quarter of 2016 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.25, sales volume, $0.09 and production volumes of $0.03 in our Packaging segment, lower annual maintenance outage costs of $0.05 and lower taxes, $0.06 and the partial insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident for $0.02. These items will partially offset by higher energy cost of $0.06, fiber, $0.05, labor $0.03 and chemicals $0.01, higher freight $0.02, interest $0.02 and depreciation $0.02 and other expenses $0.01 and also lower Paper segment prices and mix for $0.01. Our results were $0.07 per share better than the second quarter guidance, primarily due to higher Packaging segment sales prices and volume, a lower tax rate of $0.03 and a partial insurance recovery related to the DeRidder incident for $0.02. These are partially offset by higher recycled fiber prices of $0.01. Looking at our Packaging business for the second quarter of 2017, EBITDA, excluding special items of $303 million with sales of $1.3 billion, resulted in a margin of 23.1% versus last year's EBITDA of $267 million and sales of $1.1 billion, or 23.7% margins. The containerboard mills produced 947,000 tons in the second quarter, driven by strong demand and the need to supply our growth in box shipments, as well as the rapid integration of our new corrugated plants from the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions. We also successfully completed scheduled outages at our three largest containerboard mills. Although, higher recycled fiber prices of almost $90 million and higher energy prices of $5 million negatively impacted the mills compared to last year's second quarter, improved the usage of recycled fiber and fuels helped to mitigate some of that impact. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on the containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you, Mark. Corrugated products shipments in total were up 10%, with one less workday or 11.7% per workday, compared to last year's second quarter. Our outside sales volume of containerboard was up almost 5,000 tons versus last year's second quarter, but down over 9,000 tons versus the first quarter of 2017. Overall, Packaging segment demand remained very strong with volumes contributing $0.12 per share above last year's second quarter and $0.07 above the first quarter of 2017, even with excellent containerboard production from our mills. Due to the continuing strong demand, we ended the quarter with containerboard inventories, including the inventory needs of our two acquisitions, 25,000 tons below the second quarter of 2016 and over 14,000 tons below the first quarter of 2017. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.22 per share above the second quarter of 2016, and up a $0.11 per share compared to the first quarter of 2017 as we continued to implement our announced price increases during the quarter. Export containerboard prices were $0.03 per share above the second quarter of 2016 and up $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter of 2017. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the second quarter was $43 million, with sales of $254 million or 17% margin, compared to the second quarter 2016 EBITDA of $39 million and sales of $267 million or 15% margin. We mentioned on our last quarter's call that a key price index for all major uncoated freesheet rates had dropped $20 per ton in February. And as expected, our second quarter 2017, Paper segment prices and mix were lower compared to last year's second quarter, as well as the first quarter 2017. Seasonally, industry uncoated freesheet volumes in the first quarter and second quarters are similar and ours were up slightly versus last year's second quarter as well as the first quarter of 2017. Our pressure sensitive volumes were down slightly versus both periods. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. Looking at a few of the other earnings share variances compared to last year and our guidance, our second quarter of 2017 recurring effective tax rate of 31.3% was almost 3.5% below the last year's second quarter. This was primarily due to adoption of new accounting guidance related to employee share-based payments, which took effect beginning in 2017. This key – the key of accounting change required all excess tax benefits or efficiencies of share-based payment awards, including dividends paid on those awards, to be recognized in the income statement when the awards pass. Previously, this was reported in the equity section of the balance sheet. While we anticipated some benefit in the second quarter, when almost all of our employees grants vest, the fact that our stock price grows to almost 25% from the time we prepared our guidance, together with unanticipated favorable tax law changes in a couple of states, the benefit came in $0.03 per share above our expectations. We expect our third and fourth quarter rates to be what you would normally see, have been under 35%. But our full year rate for 2017 now looks to be just under 34%, which would be at least 1% below our 2016 full-year rate. Also, as mentioned when providing our second quarter 2017 guidance of $1.45 per share, this did not include any potential additional cost or anticipated recoveries related to the DeRidder Mill insurance claim. Discussions are continuing with our insurance carrier, but of the estimated $0.07 per share that impacted our first quarter 2017 recurring earnings, we were able to record a partial recovery of $0.02 per share during the second quarter. Our estimate of total property damage and business interruption losses, including capital costs, remains in the range of $20 million to $25 million. Moving on, cash provided by operations during the quarter was $221 million. Uses of cash include capital expenditures of $82 million, common stock dividends totaling $59 million and $2 million in term loan repayments. We ended the quarter with $321 million of cash on hand. Finally, our planned annual maintenance outages for the balance of the year is unchanged from our previous guidance, with an impact of $0.11 per share in the third quarter and $0.23 per share in the fourth quarter, still totaling $0.51 per share for the year. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect to realize the vast majority of our previously announced Packaging segment price increases and we expect higher Packaging segment shipments resulting from strong demand. White paper sales volumes should be seasonally higher, although price and mix should be moving lower and scheduled outage cost of the Paper segment will be higher. We also anticipate continued price inflation in recycled fiber and certain chemicals, higher freight costs and higher tax rate. Considering these items, we expect the third quarter earnings of $68 per share. This does not include any potential additional costs or anticipated recoveries that are related to the DeRidder Mill insurance claim. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. Statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, Krista, I'll open up the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your first quarter comes from the line of Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning, Mark and Bob.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And Tom as well. First question is on the really solid performance that we're seeing in the Paper segment , you mentioned, of course, that prices had dropped both, I think, sequentially and year-over-year and yet you were able to show higher margins. And I didn't know if you could give us a little help of what is causing that. Is it all operationally or did you shift some production to a lower cost machine?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, it really had to do with the outage schedule. As we had outlined this year, we had planned outage with the Wallula mill, as an example, in the third quarter, and IFalls will come in October. Traditionally, we used to shut International Falls down in June and Wallula would have a second quarter outage also. So, that's one big factor. And also, we also in terms of what would impact the EBITDA margins, don't forget we took the pulp business and eliminated that at the end of last year, and so that was a very low margin contribution to that segment. So, that's no longer in the equation. So, those two factors are really the difference.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. And then if you could just let us know, I don't know if Tom has some idea of what the organic volume improvement was. I know there is 10%, 11.7% per day. But, if you excluded Columbus and TimBar and other M&A moves, what would those numbers have been? And while you're at it, if you could let us know how the volumes looks so far this month?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Chip, this is Tom. I'm not going to break that out. I'll tell you why. As I explained last time, it's very hard for us to break out the organic now, because we move business around to take advantage of the synergies of these acquisitions and to maximize the profit potential. So, it's very hard for us to get a total grasp on what happened organically, so that's why we're reporting it in a total, but I will say that demand so far through 13 days of this month is running at about 14% increase, which is, of course, very good.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. That's very helpful. The last one, then I'll turn it over is, Mark, if you could talk a little bit about what you see as the potential for the fleet that's out there, both yours and others in the white paper world, to be potential sources of new kraft linerboard capacity. And I say that noting that demand so far this year is up 3%. You see virgin board prices outside of North America going up almost every three months and we've had two increases here in the last year. And some of us think we could be close to running out in the next couple of years. So, given that it's difficult to permit new mills, what are your thoughts about white paper mills being converted?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: It's something that the industry has talked about. We talked about it for the last few years. There are a handful of potentially good mills that could be converted, primarily because of the wood basket they're in. And so, you have to consider that as a primary factor in the conversion opportunity, besides the amount of capital it takes to convert the asset. And so, the capital required is a given. And then the ability to fiber the mill with the right kind of fiber at the right prices is the other major factor, so there are a few mills that fit that criteria.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. Thank you.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Bob. Good morning, Mark, Tom.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Mark, is it possible to get an update on your plans for kind of debottlenecking down at DeRidder, where we stand and what the timeline looks like?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Work is proceeding very well. A lot of the work that we had started on number one machine is progressing very nicely and we're seeing what we expected to see on the incremental improvements with DeRidder. Also the work that is planned that will give us the big incremental increase for next spring is still on track and that would be the press section rebuild in the new forming section work that we'll be doing. And so that will finish out the incremental activity that gives us the approximate 150,000 tons year-over-year, so. But everything's looking very good, and DeRidder is running very well, extremely pleased.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And that 150,000 tons would start to flow in the second half of next year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Some of it's already flowing through work we did earlier in the year on the DeRidder number 1, as an example, and some of the work we did on DeRidder 3 is already flowing through. And then as we go forward, we will continue to make some of the improvements. Primarily it's pressing, drying-type enhancements that allow us to handle the available fiber we have. And so we are seeing some of that benefit this year already.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Then, Tom, I wonder if it's possible for you to talk, just in general terms, about the pace of the current box site. How you see it rolling in versus kind of past hikes?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Are you talking about price hike? Is that what you're talking about Mark?
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The box price hike.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pace is exactly as we said it would be. As I said on the last call, the vast majority will roll in over 90-day period. So, our results in the second quarter show some of that increase. And we'll get the – great majority of the remainder in the third quarter with a few laggards that trigger at the beginning of the year.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And should that, Tom, should that net out to be more than the containerboard hike itself?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, yes. But keep in mind that, we're – for us, I mean, we may have a different set of circumstances that somebody else may have relative to all the contracts and all those sorts of things that go on and the number of accounts that we have in addition to the smaller accounts we have, which are negotiated each time a price movement takes place.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right, and then my last question is just there's this supplemental corrugating medium hike out in the market. I think it's $30 on an average. Will that have any effect on PCA?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Mark, we're such a small player in the external domestic medium market. We probably, move less than 50,000 tons a year of medium out into the North American system. So, we're such a small player, but the fact is, yes, our price has gone up accordingly...
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: ...seeing in the index.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. It sounds good, guys. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please, go ahead.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning, George.
Operator: One moment please. Mr. Staphose, please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning George.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning again, everybody. Piggybacking on Mark and Chip's questions, can you talk at all to the extent, which priorities are maybe, moving or which of the potential solutions to your vertical integration high-class problem are rising and which might be less of a priority, and to the extent that maybe you can't talk per se to that, can you talk about other projects, other initiatives that might be underway to improve returns, either in the mills or the box plants we're beginning to see input cost starting to rise again. Are there any things in that regard that might be helpful to your returns over the next couple of years?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Regarding the first question about capacity, we're not going to get into the details on that as we've been talking for the last few months publicly. We obviously have an array on our metrics of opportunities that we're studying and evaluating. And when we've made some decisions, we're ready to announce. Obviously, we'll make that as a public announcement. Regarding the opportunities within the mills right now, we obviously across the higher legacy fleet, we're working everyday to enhance the efficiencies and opportunities. But, keep in mind, as we've always said, that's more in line with a creep (20:54) opportunity. And then I'll jump to this, you talked about some of box plants, some of the other opportunities. This is a capital spending question that somebody maybe wondering. We've identified a number of opportunities in the box plants side of the business with Tom, and we are funding a number of these projects. So, we had called out that the capital for the year would be somewhere in the $325 million area. Now, we're moving that up to the $350 million for the year target and that's to take advantage of the identified opportunities that these are high-return, low-risk opportunities to enhance the margin and the mix of the volume on the box plant side.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Mark, thanks for that color. I guess, one thing I wanted to turn to is, you would appear to be running relatively tight right now heading into the third quarter given your inventory position. Can you confirm that or correct that view. And, if you were in fact running a little bit tighter perhaps than you would have expected to aside from the obvious, what other things might you do to alleviate the production relative to the pull situation you've got right now in your corrugated system, again, a high-class problem.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, we're running right where we thought we would be. When we looked at the plan for 2017, and knowing what our shutdown schedule is looking like and what the box plant cut-off demand was going to be modeled as. We're pretty much right where we thought the inventories would be. That being said, you're right, we have to run extremely well, and yet historically we proven that's what we do well. And so pressure's on the folks in the mill side of the business to run extremely tight and that's what the plan is. But, yeah, we need every ton we can get out of our mills.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Two last ones and I'll turn it over. In terms of this quarter, even relative to the first quarter, it seemed like there's a little bit more pressure on you and I think now other companies in the sector results from input cost. Obviously, OCC is the headline pretty much every day, but also even from non-fiber based variable cost. What can you comment to in terms of what pressure or benefit you're seeing there and the outlook for the second half of the year? Are you seeing any kind of freight or logistics challenges like we had a few years ago that you also have to manage against either logistically or potentially through other margin improvement efforts?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Energy is a key factor. If you go back a year ago, year-over-year 2Q/2Q, energy is up $0.06, and freight is up $0.02 year-over-year. And so those are types of examples. And then you have – we called out chemicals. If you move into going from 2Q to 3Q, all right there's still some upward pressure on a little bit of the fiber with what we're seeing, but these are the type of the penny for this and a penny for that freight, but it's still in an upward trajectory, just slightly from where it has been. So, that's why we're calling it out. And that's about where it is. Year-over-year, it's really the natural gas rise that we slowly picked up throughout the system.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Mark, thanks for the thoughts. You know what? I'll turn it over to everybody else, and good luck in the quarter.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, George. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Phil.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. When you think about M&A going forward, would you consider buying some of the uncoated freesheet mills you kind of called out that would fit that fiber basket as well as your current mill system on the white paper side, do they have that fiber basket that could make it interesting? I'm not saying you are moving forward. Can you just give us some of the parameters?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Let's stop there. I don't care to talk about it. Again, any discussion around that is proprietary and confidential. So, and then anything else is speculative.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Very nice. I guess pricing was pretty robust, more than offset cost I think for the most part in Packaging. So, I was a little surprised margins were flattish, which was good regardless. Was there any mixed dynamic in quarter? And just given the strength that you saw in box demand, did you have to buy little more board in the open-market?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, primarily, and Tom and Bob could weigh in on this too. But, if you think about the lagging that we have seen in the price increase, we saw the bleed off all the year along in 2016 for corrugated products. And then the price increase announcement last fall started to flow through, so we saw a primary benefit moving into the first quarter. And then this latest price increase is really a third quarter event. And, so that if you think about year-over-year, there is still that pressure on the pricing in the total margin. We haven't picked-up a full benefit. Bob, Tom, you want to weigh in on...
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No. You are right. The recovery – the cost pain from the rough and (26:36) recycle and these other things happens quicker than the price relief comes through and – but as Tom said, the third quarter is, we'll get to do the vast majority of that and we would expect that to sort of flip in the third quarter.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. That's helpful. And I don't know – exports in these open market tons are not a big portion of your business. But just given the strength that you're seeing here, I think, you called off 14% box shipments in July. Are you starting to pull back some of those open market tons and just repatriating those tons, because the spread is pretty attractive, I would imagine? Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I'll let Tom talking little bit this, too, but as we called up earlier in the year, we look at those tons and we move the tons to the best opportunity. And so, we're very, very cognizant on it. Tom, you want to add a little color to...
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I would just say that in the export market, I mean, we're taking care of those long-term customers that we've had and that we value and especially since they buy the specialty grades that we produce. We will take care of those people, but we're not actively pursuing additional business in the export market.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: And it's still only a few hundred thousand tons a year of our total production.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Right.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Fair enough, thanks a lot. I appreciate the color.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: You've had TimBar for about 10 months and I think Columbus for about 8. Are your integration and synergy activities are basically completed? Are you supplying basically all the board for the box plants systems. Just wondering if you could give us sense of what inning you are in for those integrations, and if there's some incremental benefits you might pull through in the second half?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Tom, why don't you walk him through that one.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Our TimBar and Columbus acquisitions have gone very well. They're fully integrated. We're very pleased with the results. They continue to grow at, what we consider the PCA growth rates, and we've been able to, as I mentioned earlier, we've been able to move the business around, which has been very valuable to us in terms of some under synergy savings. So, we're very pleased with where that is.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then Tom, I thought this might be a difficult question to answer, but is it possible to estimate what percentage of your box volumes, it'd be moved through e-commerce or have exposure to e-commerce. And then also in the past you've talked about manufacturing, re-shoring, being a potential driver of demand, I guess Foxconn had their big announcement about big Midwestern plant. How much has manufacturing and industrial manufacturing renaissance been a driver for the very strong growth you've seen this year?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Anthony, let me talk about e-commerce first, because I get a lot of attention and I think a lot of people want to say that the increase in demand in boxes is generally driven by e-commerce. It certainly is a driver, but I don't think it's the only driver at all. Because, as you just mentioned, some of the re-shoring of manufacturing or what I would really consider at this point, it's been more of a retention of manufacturing base, which we've seen growth in some areas, bleed off in others, things like that. We're not seeing the bleed off as we would have seen in the past. They're staying here. And I think that's very helpful to the base of the business. And I think like e-commerce, they're a growth engine on top of that. And then, as you mentioned, this Foxconn announcement that's coming out, which is a major facility moving into Wisconsin, at least that's the indication at this point in time. In addition to Samsung announced a big facility that's coming to the United States. So, I think the future is very bright in terms of box demand.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's great color. I'll turn it over.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: All right.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. The line is open.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Starting off on what Anthony just said on demand trends, is there anything from like a regional perspective that you are noticing that is surprising to you? And then do you have any color on how trends have been through July?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Tom, why don't you go through that one?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Debbie, I would say on demand trends, the only thing that really I mean we're seeing right now is, I mean, we're seeing the recovery of the West Coast Ag market. So, the West Coast is definitely up for us. The remainder of the country is pretty steady in terms of demand and demand growth.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And anything on July?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, in July, we're having, as I said, we're up. We're trending up 14% right now, and that demand is pretty well evenly distributed across the country.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then in Paper, typically, mix and volume improve seasonally. Can you just talk about kind of your confidence level on that and just remind us what exactly is driving that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, third quarter is always the higher volume quarter, and traditionally, a richer mix quarter. But that being said, prices are down for the year, as the index has indicated earlier in the year. And so, back-to-school is always a big time in the third quarter. You've got all the school systems nationwide restarting, so that's what pushes volume on that side. So, in that regard, that's truly what drives the third quarter.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And just one quick one, this might be pretty simple but you have experienced higher freight cost, which I think is understandable, but is there anything in that that's related to availability or having issues getting freight?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: The availability isn't our concern right now. It's just the general increases in costs through the year. So, it's not like it was four, five years ago with driver and tractor trailer shortages.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead, the line is open.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. So, the 14% and I realize it's only a few weeks, but that seems like a pickup even from the 10% to 12% that we had in the prior quarter. Are there some additional acquisitions that kind of are feeding into that number or is that indicative at least that your business has actually even picked up from the torrid pace (33:42) we were seeing?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: That's just our business in general, picking up and in a higher trajectory. So, we're very pleased with where we are.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And, as you've been growing quite fast, has your customer base shifted at all? What I mean by that is, are you selling even more to local accounts, for instance, versus national or the other way around or any changes as you're going through this relatively fast growth?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No. I mean, nationwide, if you look at our box plant footprint, we're seeing robust activity nationwide. And we're taking advantage of the TimBar and Columbus acquisitions and integrating those regional activities. So, again, that's the good news that we're not seeing it in any one area. It's across the board. And don't forget we've got an extremely large customer base, 18,000-plus customer nationwide. And so, it's a very well spread out nationwide activity. Tom, do you want to put a little more color on that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: No. I don't have anything else to add.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a couple of follow-ups. One, kind of along the lines of previous question, you said 14% versus up 10%. Did you start to see an acceleration as the quarter went on or was that sort of all incremental in July? Can you remind us what you comps kind of look like the next couple? Are they still relatively simple or can we kind of annualize this rate until this is all through?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Chris, as Mark just mentioned, I mean, the demand has been substantially a pick up across the board. We usually have a pretty robust third quarter anyway. Looking forward, though, is the 14% number if you look into the third quarter, I mean, we are going to have some little tighter comps, because TimBar came on in September. So, when you get to the September number in the month in that quarter, and you start to make those comparisons, I mean, this number comes down, because you now got TimBar in both years' comparison. So, we'll break some of that out for you and give you a little color on that in the next quarter.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Just two last questions. First was, when we think about the 150,000 tons that you've got kind of debottlenecking and work for that across your roughly 3.8 million rated tons is about 4%. Could you just maybe estimate for us, you mentioned, you had some of it already D1 and D3, with some improvements there, but do you feel you've got a quarter of that, half of that? How much of that do you think you have already kind of flowing through versus yet to come?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Just using a number, we probably get 50,000 tons of pick up this year out of all those projects on both machines, and then we'll get the balance of 100,000 tons next year, just...
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. That's helpful. Last question I had was with recycled mix. If memory serves, and correct me if I'm wrong, you use kind of 10% to 15% OCC into your part of your basket today, even though most of your paper comes out as kraft. With some of the changes of Chinese waste paper exporting in such, do you have an opportunity being that the rest of your mix, as you put that in there is pulp? If you have an opportunity to maybe, use some more waste paper versus OCC, how do you think about that mix or what it might do? Would it degrade the quality of what you'd have coming out or how do you think about that as an opportunity?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: You just summarized. Well, you got to be very careful about what you're putting into the furnish in regards what the impact on the quality is going to be. And so, I don't even want to speculate about that that kind of opportunity or what that means.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson from KeyBanc. Please, go ahead. Your line is open.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Mark, just one question, back to just Packaging margins for a second. I know you talked about all the OCC, energy, freight, chemical inflation that you've experienced. Were you expecting going into the quarter your margins to be flat or down or did you actually expect margin expansion knowing what you knew going into the quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We're right, where we expected to be. Because of what I told you about the leak-off last year, we had to overcome in the pricing alone. It is against the fiber in OCC contemplation and chemicals and energy. And so, we're right exactly where we thought we'd be.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And Tom, you talked about demand and the e-commerce impact and how much play that's getting. If you don't think, e-commerce is driving most or all the growth, what do you think, is driving up OCC, to the extent that is gone up? Do you think, it's half China, half e-commerce? What exactly, what do you think is going on? And, do you see any end in sight to this highly unusual OCC run we've seen.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Well. Let me first comment. I didn't say that e-commerce is not a growth engine. It is a growth engine. It's clearly a growth engine. Because if you just make the comparisons about deliveries to home of even let's say apparel as an example, apparel did not go in boxes when it went to big-box stores, but it does end up in a box when it comes to your home. So, that alone is a pick up for us. And, but e-commerce is a lot bigger than just an Amazon as an example. I mean, e-commerce everybody's got e-commerce sites, everybody's, every day they're opening up new sites, everybody is trying to cut into what Amazon is doing to them et cetera. So it's a huge moving target and it's very hard to get your arms around it completely. Now that said, moving to OCC, e-commerce clearly has an impact in OCC collection as well, because the big box stores used to collect all the corrugated, used to bale it and send it – ended up back at the mills. Today, you've got a lot of these boxes showing up at apartment building, condos, homes where the municipalities may not have collection. And, consequently, it ends up in landfill. So, there has been a little bit of a curtailment in terms of the ability to collect. But we saw this trend in OCC coming way back in 2005-2006 timeframe, before the Great Recession hit. If you go back, you looked at collection rates and the demand, because all of the additional mill capacity that came on over the last few decades has all been 100% recycled. So at some point, there was going to be push comes to shove in terms of supply versus demand and we're at that point right now, where OCC is in very tight supply and consequently the prices remain high. And even when – a few months ago when China curtailed some of their purchases and everybody thought OCC would retreat back to levels that had taken place the previous six months. It didn't do that at all and came down a little bit. And then, as soon as China reentered the market, it went right back up. So, we think it's clearly going to be – it's going to be an issue.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, you think essentially, we're in kind of a new paradigm for OCC now?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I do. Yeah. I do. And I think that, as those people that know that business well, know that we collect up to 90% at this particular point in time, that last 10% is very expensive to get. So..
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: ...OCC has – they priced significantly higher in order for people to have interest in getting into really what in essence is sorting trash and try to recover the paper from that.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, just last question on that, so you don't think there'll be a huge push right now among recycling companies and others to try to collect more of the stuff?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I think they're trying to collect all they can.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. We're at an inflexion point of the opportunity, as Tom said, it's a diminishing return at this point...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: It's just expensive to get...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, yes, very expensive to collect beyond where we are right now.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong from Armstrong Investment. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, James.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: In the quarter, could you remind us, what was your mix of virgin versus OCC? And, do you think you have any room to reduce your OCC usage further or are you pretty much maxed out on virgin?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: We're not giving the exact number. We're somewhere around 20% total usage of OCC week. We can move that up and down a few percent. But don't forget, running the mills full and with the demand we have, it's probably, if you look at the math map, it's in our best interest to use what we need to use for OCC and be okay to fill out that demand we have for containerboard. So, so it's somewhere around 20% and that's, well, we did obviously take advantage of our system this year, in fact, and we really stretched out our kraft capability in mills. And so, the 20% is a good number.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Okay. That works. Switching gears and coming back to capacity. If you were another producer to decide to convert a white paper mill, how long do you think it would take to complete that conversion? And can you compare that to what you believe, how long it would take for a greenfield operation?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, let me start with the greenfield operation, nobody's permitted a greenfield mill in decades.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: And so, the likelihood of somebody trying to go through the permitting process and the site locations, that's probably a little probability. On the other hand, if somebody was just starting to think about converting a facility, you're probably talking about couple of years. By the time, you would do your pre-engineering, your detailed engineering and order equipment, vertical pieces of equipment for paper machine conversion, pulp mill requirements a lot of this equipment now is up to 14- to 16-month delivery, just on the delivery phase of this, so it takes quite a while to do your engineering and scope the project out. So you're talking about couple of years and in many cases to do a good project.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Perfect that's exactly what I need.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: James, I'd also like to add that more important than even the mill or the potential fiber base, you better have a place to sell your output. So, the open market is so small today that, it'd be virtually impossible for somebody who doesn't have the integrated cut up (46:04) to go in and convert mill. And then try to find home for those tons.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Right. So, what Tom is saying is, if you think about just in the past year with the acquisitions of the independent box plants that the industry has been announcing. We've probably taken the independent activity down from probably 9% or 10% down to 5% or less of the open market containerboard purchasing.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Perfect. That's exactly what I needed. Appreciate it.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just a follow-up question on inventory, you seem to be relatively tight on inventory now. And, I think, normally you would build some inventory this time of the year in anticipation of a strong 4Q trend or 4Q demand, or 4Q has been stronger recently than it has been in the past. How you think about the inventory position sort of as you move through 3Q and 4Q?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, it's a high-class problem right now. We got to run well and just keep running well. So, the point you're making, the fourth quarter is no longer a seasonal downturn that the industry used to see, but that's been going on for about – a better part of a decade now that the 3Q is always your highest volume quarter and a better – richer mix. But 4Q, because of the holiday activity is actually requiring us to run just as hard. So, good news is, we've got to run hard, we try to meet the tons. So, plan right now is to get ourselves back in balance and keep running well to supply what the box plants need.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No absolute – we have a range of our inventory tons and we know when we come out of the annual shutdowns and we're moving there, but also the key is, the box plant demand. It's, I'll use the term, a high-class problem to have.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. Maybe a follow-on to that for Bob. How should we think about working capital associated with inventory, because as you got tight inventory situation, but you have the prices increases coming through the system, how should we think about inventory as a source or use of cash for the year?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, I think, to Mark's point, producing to meet the box demand and keeping those in sync, we don't see a lot of movement up or down with inventory. So you wouldn't get one or the other.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one from me, just on input cost. We've talked about a lot of inflationary pressures, but what about virgin pricing trends? Are you seeing anything there as far as deflationary trends on virgin fiber pricing?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Year-over-year, that's been the bright spot. If you look nationwide across our legacy system, we've seen from the 2016 timeframe into this year, while we've seen some price decreases, it is primarily related to weather events, rain, winter activity. And so, we have one mill location in the South that's had a little bit more rain this spring. And we saw some uptick in the (49:45) at that particular location for a few months. But in general, across the board year-over-year, what's helped us mitigate the OCC, DLK price impact has been the fact that we've been able to buy at better pricing year-over-year on virgin, so that's been a positive so far. But again, that can change in a heartbeat with hurricanes, tropical storms, and winter weather. But so far, it's been positive.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: A lot of discussion today about the recent demand trends, which obviously are strong and your commentary around the go-forward seems fairly constructive there and your commentary around OCC, maybe being in a new paradigm, also seems to make it clear that the world's going to probably need some more virgin capacity at some point. Was wondering if you could follow upon James' question and your response there and provide some color on what you think the capital cost might be on a conversion like you were talking about. And would you comment on whether you think the current margins in the industry are attractive enough to justify that kind of an (51:10) investment, acknowledging that it would be a little bit risky, because it would take a couple of years to come online and the world's an uncertain place?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: That's a very speculative question, because depending on what quartile you wish to achieve a conversion ultimately end up, and also, as Tom said, assuming you have a home for these tons and where are those tons going, you'd have to run the math. But taking an older bleached mill, white mill into a containerboard conversion can get extremely expensive in terms of hundreds of millions of dollars of conversion, if you wish to do it and place yourself in a cost competitive position. But again, it's not just the capital. It's the sale side on the margin to make the math work, but it's a timing issue in terms of a couple of years from inception, the amount of capital to do it properly. I think if you go back and look at what's been done up in Canada with the latest conversion, we know what they spent and, again, the time it took. And then, the biggest thing, and Tom mentioned is truly the biggest factor, where are we going to go sell the stuff. So...
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Appreciate that. And I was curious the comment you made about better usage of recycled fiber has been a little bit of a benefit. Is there much you can do on the operating side to kind of adjust? And I don't imagine there is huge benefits, but maybe switching from OCC to sort of paper or DLK or any other kinds of recycled fiber. Any more color on that comment?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: No, we're in balance right now and it's for quality and for where we need to be presenting the right kind of containerboard into our system. The amount of DLK, the amount of OCC we are using, we wouldn't consider a mixed waste.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover from D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you and good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: I just wanted to verify a couple of volume figures, if you would. I think you said offshore sales were 200,000 tons?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No. Use 300,000 tons as a number.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: 300,000. Okay. Thanks. Recycled medium was 50,000 tons a year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No. Recycle – medium sales...
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: No. Medium sales to domestic customers.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Domestic customers are somewhere in that 40,000 to 50,000 tons of domestic activity a year. That's just a range.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: I think I've got to get a hearing aid. And finally, could you tell us what your total open market purchases are?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: We're not going to quantify that. We've always been an open market buyer of containerboard, primarily in the specialty grades, and so we continue to do that as we need to and as the opportunities present themselves.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Would it be fair to say that's part of your secret sauce to generate margins that exceed those of your counterparts?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: No.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman from Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Just going back to your options as you look at potential incremental board supply, understandably a lot of the focus has been on virgin, but could you envision a scenario where you might look to have some recycle capacity, just given how low your relative share is?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: That would be a low probability in the matrix that I mentioned of our opportunities. That's in the low opportunity, low probability corner of the matrix.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: All right. And then, just in terms of the converting strategy moving forward, as you look to the independent share shrinking, as you said, possibly down to 5% already, obviously, the opportunity to continue a strategy of acquiring independents is going to get tougher. Is the math – can you just – how are you thinking about, given where the recent valuations have been relative to perhaps doing some organic work in the systems to the extent that you're talking about putting some money into the converting system in your CapEx plans?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Regarding acquisition of the box plants, we would continue to evaluate and take advantage of opportunities that presented a good, rich mix of business. And so that's how we are looking at it.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: But is the balance shifting and all compared to when it's been the past when the available opportunities have, obviously, contracted so much for the last several years?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. But Tom will give some color on that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I'd say it's shifting a little. There is no question about that. I mean, as Mark mentioned earlier, I mean, we've got additional CapEx spending going on in box plants, not only for growth purposes, but also to be more cost effective. That's something we believe that we'll probably ramp that up a little bit more. And, yeah, there is no question that the acquisition opportunities are going to be a little fewer and more selective, but that's not to say they don't exist and that's certainly not to say, we won't do them if it fits in our criteria.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you. And just one last quick one. OCC, just a near-term outlook. Obviously, the print was up in July. Is your guidance expecting that that goes up further in August, just kind of what you're expecting maybe in the third quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. Gail, we do expect the third quarter prices to be above the average we saw in the second quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: All right. Thank you. I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the follow-on. Very quickly to the extent that you can comment. Bob or Mark, can you remind us what kind of returns you typically seek to get with your capital spending? Said differently, if we hold fiber cost constant and pricing constant, what sort of organic EBIT or EBITDA improvement do you think you can get within the Packaging segment over the next call it two years from the products that you're contemplating? Thank you.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: I don't want to get into that forward analysis. And the range of – in terms of our targets we're evaluating capital spending, there is a range of opportunity. It depends on the amount of capital and the complexity of the project looking at the ultimate returns that it presents. And so we don't have one metric, that's the target that has to be bid on in an evaluation. So it's – a lot of factors go into the capital spending decision.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Would you say the returns are as good as they've been in the past, if you can put a number on it?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Absolutely.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, guys. Again, good luck on the quarter.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. With that, operator, I believe that concludes the questions. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you in October on the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America
Analysts: Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Derrick Laton - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2017 earnings results conference call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question and answer session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our Packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I'll then wrap things up, and then we'd be glad to take any questions. Yesterday we reported first quarter net income of $117 million or $1.24 per share. First quarter net income included net special items expense of $0.03 per share, primarily due to the insurance deductible related to the previously announced incident at the DeRidder Mill. Our current estimate of the total property damage and business interruption losses associated with the DeRidder Mill incident is between $20 million and $25 million, including capital costs of approximately $4 million. The estimated impact to the first quarter earnings, excluding capital costs, is $15 million, of which $5 million, or $0.03 per share, is included in the special items expense for the first quarter, representing our property damage and business interruption deductible. The remaining loss of $10 million, or $0.07 per share, that impacted our first quarter results is expected to be resolved with our insurance carrier over the next several months and is not included as a special items expense. Additionally, as part of managing the impact of the additional DeRidder downtime on our containerboard system, we moved a previously scheduled annual machine maintenance outage at our Counce Mill from the first quarter into the second quarter of 2017, which improved expected first quarter results by about $0.01 per share. Excluding the special items, first quarter 2017 net income was $120 million or $1.27 per share, compared to the first quarter 2016 net income of $106 million or $1.11 per share. First quarter net sales were $1.5 billion in 2017 and $1.4 billion in 2016. Total company EBITDA for the first quarter, excluding special items, was $299 million in 2017 and $272 million in 2016. Excluding special items, first quarter 2017 earnings per share of $1.27 was $0.16 per share above the first quarter of 2016, driven primarily by higher containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix of $0.16; sales volume, $0.12, higher paper segment prices and mix, $0.04; higher containerboard production volume, $0.07; and lower wood costs, $0.05. These items were partially offset by lower Paper segment sales and production volume of $0.06; higher cost for recycled fiber, $0.07; energy costs, $0.06; and freight, $0.02; higher labor and fixed costs, $0.02; and higher expenses for depreciation, $0.03, and interest, $0.02. If I were to exclude the negative $0.07 impact of the DeRidder incident from our earnings, our results were $0.08 per share better than our first quarter guidance. Higher sales prices and mix contributed $0.03 in our Packaging segment and $0.01 in our Paper segment. Higher Packaging segment volume added $0.01 per share, lower indirect and fixed operating costs contributed $0.03 per share, and freight costs were lower by $0.01 per share. As mentioned earlier, moving our scheduled outage at Counce from the first to the second quarter helped by $0.01 per share. These items more than offset recycled fiber costs being $0.02 per share higher than we expected. Looking at our Packaging business for the first quarter of 2017, EBITDA, excluding special items of $272 million with sales of $1.3 billion, resulted in a margin of 21.7% versus last year's EBITDA of $237 million and sales of $1.1 billion, or a 21.6% margin. The containerboard mills produced a first quarter record 932,000 tons, driven by strong demand and the need to supply our growth in box shipments, as well as the rapid integration of our new corrugated plants from the TimBar and Columbus Packaging acquisitions. We ended the quarter with containerboard inventories, including the inventory needs of our two acquisitions, 12,000 tons below last year's first quarter level and over 16,000 tons below the year-end 2016. Although recycled fiber prices negatively impacted us approximately $11 million and higher energy costs another $9 million compared to last year's first quarter, improved usage of chemicals and fuels helped mitigate some of the impact. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on the containerboard sales and the corrugated business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. In Corrugated Products, shipments in total were up 10.7% or 8.9% per workday compared to last year's first quarter. Our outside sales volume of containerboard was up over 6,000 tons versus last year's first quarter and about 2,000 tons below the fourth quarter of 2016. Overall, Packaging segment volumes contributed about $0.12 per share above last year's first quarter and a penny above the fourth quarter of 2016, with higher box volumes being offset somewhat by lower mill containerboard volumes. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.16 per share above the first quarter of 2016 and up $0.17 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 as we continued to implement our October 2016 announced price increases during the quarter and we began the implementation of our mid-March increases. Export containerboard prices were up slightly versus the first quarter of 2016 and up $0.02 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the first quarter was $44 million, with sales of $259 million, or a 17% margin compared to the first quarter of 2016 EBITDA of $51 million and sales of $281 million or an 18% margin. The $7 million decline in EBITDA versus last year was primarily due to the scheduled maintenance outage at our Jackson, Alabama, mill in this year's first quarter with no outage in last year, as well as higher energy and freight costs. Paper segment price index was higher compared to last year's first and fourth quarters of 2016 due to improved mix in our pressure-sensitive business, as well as from lower pulp volumes due to our previously announced shutdown of the pulp operations at our Wallula Mill. Both office paper and printing in converting paper volumes were slightly lower and pressure-sensitive volumes slightly higher than the first quarter of 2016, while all paper volumes were up compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. The elimination of market pulp volume was the key driver of the decrease in segment sales for the quarter. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks, Mark. Compared to last year's first quarter, depreciation and amortization expense was $0.03 per share higher and interest expense was $0.02 per share higher due to items related to the recent TimBar and Columbus acquisitions. Our first quarter 2017 effective tax rate of just under 35% was about the same as last year's first quarter, as well as the fourth quarter of 2016. Cash provided by operations during the quarter was $164 million. Uses of cash and for the capital expenditures up $58 million, common stock dividends totaling $59 million, and $32 million in term loan repayments. We ended the quarter with $254 million of cash on hand. As Mark mentioned earlier, we adjusted our plant annual maintenance outages for 2017 to help mitigate the effect of the prolonged outage at DeRidder in the first quarter. The revised estimated earnings impact by quarter, including the loss production, direct costs and amortized repair costs, is now $0.07 per share in the first quarter, $0.10 in the second quarter, $0.11 in the third, and $0.23 per share in the fourth quarter. The total for the year of $0.51 per share is unchanged from our previous guidance. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you, Bob. At this point I'm still unable to provide additional details regarding the incident at our DeRidder Mill because of the ongoing investigation. I want to reaffirm that safety and the well-being of the people working at our facilities is of the highest of priorities at PCA. As we first indicated subsequent to the incident, the annual outage work at the mill was delayed by one week and the mill resumed full operation approximately three days after that. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect to continue implementing our previously announced Packaging segment price increases, and we expect higher corrugated product shipments resulting from strong demand in our two recent acquisitions. Mill maintenance outage costs will be higher as we have scheduled outages at our three largest containerboard mills this quarter. We expect flat paper volumes, although pricing mix should move lower. We also anticipate continued price inflation in recycled fiber, certain chemicals and freight costs, but our energy costs should improve as we move into seasonally milder weather. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of $1.45 per share. This does not include any of the potential additional costs or anticipated recoveries related to the DeRidder Mill insurance claim. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions, please.
Operator: We'll pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first quarter comes from the line of Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes, and good morning. First question, obviously things are humming along quite nicely in the Packaging segment, but when I think about the Paper segment, are you all happy with your footprint size given some of the erosion we've seen in the volumes in the overall marketplace? Does your position – is it typical of what we're seeing overall? Or are you in a different situation?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, as we've said before, we have a good position in that through the years with our mill down in Jackson, Alabama, and our mill up in International Falls. We can support the southern tier customer base and the northern tier customer base along with a portion of the western region. But the logistics supply chain capabilities within the Boise paper segment is the key to that business. And so in that regard, it's a good size business for us. It's we're able to take care of the customer base that we've built. And it's, again, the logistics supply chain is the unique aspect of what makes that business work so well for us.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then I had a second one, just to clarify. It looks to me that the DeRidder situation impacted you to the tune of $0.10 in the quarter and that, in other words, you would have made maybe $1.37. And is that, first of all, the right way to look at it? And as we look to the future guide of $1.45, I would imagine that some portion of that $0.07 deductible comes back that you're not including apparently. And if that's true, could you just clarify that and also let us know sort of over what period of quarters you think that $0.07 does come back to you?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Chip, you're $0.03 over on what you're counting and we'll let Bob walk you through how that incident was accounted for.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, Chip, you wouldn't get to $1.37 because that $1.27 that we said was our recurring number already had called out the $0.03 for the deductible. So it's really $0.07 on the $1.27 so you get to $1.34. But you consider the fact that we moved the Counce outage out of the first quarter, it'd be more like $1.33. And that $0.07 that is in our recurring earnings, yeah, we do expect, hope to have that resolve by the end of the second quarter is what we're shooting for.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: But it's not included in the $1.45 guidance.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes. That's correct.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: So that's not included.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: That's correct.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Anything else?
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Understood, thank you. No, I think that does it. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you and congratulations on an excellent financial performance in the quarter. First, I just wanted to get a current read on how business is looking in containerboard, if you can give us a sense of what box shipments in April are shaping up to be?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Again, we've had a great start to the quarter. I'm going to let Tom give you the color on that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, Mark, through 14 days we're trending at approximately 11% over April of last year on a per day basis.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: So things are looking strong right now.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And also I believe this time around you – many in the industry, and I believe you as well, announced box prices going up simultaneous with containerboard. Does that potentially change the cadence with which the containerboard price increase might flow through to boxes? Could we see it happen faster this time around, and would that be built into the guidance that you gave?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Again, Mark, I'm going to let Tom get into the color of that but, yeah, timing is important in how this rolls out earlier in the year. So Tom, why don't you walk him through that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Mark, I don't know if you know the – as we mentioned in the script somewhat, we've already announced the increases in mid-March on containerboard and of course that just was reflected recently in the publication. So we'll now begin the rollout of the box price increase. And we don't publicly get into what is exactly happening in our box price increase other than I'll say that traditionally for us we would roll that out in a very disciplined manner. And we'll achieve the great majority of that box price increase over the next 90 days.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So we should look at history as a guide for the likely cadence of this increase, would that be.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I think that's fair.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, if I could, you had mentioned that in the quarter itself you had $0.03 of benefit from lower indirect costs and then also $0.03 better from price mix. Maybe if you could give me a little bit more color? What are the lower indirect costs? And then on the price mix was that, I don't know if you can share with us, is that mostly price or mix and were you able to get better than full pass-through on the board price increase?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Bob, why don't you walk him through that?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yes, lower indirect costs, Mark, are things at the mills like in the repair materials, the size, a little bit labor, a little bit – things of that nature. So that's what that is about.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: And then on that $0.03 price in mix, that was primarily from the box side, corrugated products side, containerboard price increase pass-through on how we achieved that.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Congratulations on a great quarter. I'm going to ask this question even though we kind of beat you up on this issue in the last couple of years. But you mentioned that your inventories were down 16,000 tons. You're headed into a seasonally strong quarter, and then you also suggested that you need higher levels of inventory due to the acquisition. So I was wondering if you could just kind of parse that out for us, how you feel about your system heading being in Q2 here?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, as I said on the call, we had run levels down to a point we haven't been at for quite a few years, but we are getting basically in a range that we were comfortable with. And so the TimBar and Columbus acquisitions, as we anticipated, required us to supply that system. And so that inherently brings our total supply requirement to a point that we haven't seen. So in that regard we're at a low point. With DeRidder, and then shifting Counce, we actually ended up a little bit higher than we had planned on. But nevertheless, we're tight and we need to continue to run very hard. And so that's the plan. We'll get through these shutdowns. And so we're wrapping up the last of our containerboard mill activity this week as we speak. So we get that mill up and running and then we just need to run hard again to take care of this because we are in a position with the inventory management at a place where – again, if you go back a few years ago, with transportation issues, weather-related issues, we found it was necessary to run the inventory up to the higher levels. Transportation is not the issue it had been. And so, with that being said, again, I'll wrap it up by saying we're tight and we need to run hard. 
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, on the paper side of the business, as you would expect, 2Q is always at a point – third quarter is always the most robust quarter. So coming off the first quarter and second quarter, you're pretty typically flat 1Q to 2Q, and that's what we're seeing. Our orders are where we expect them to be. We're quite comfortable with where the order activity is. And regarding how we're running the mill system, which is primarily Jackson, Alabama, and International Falls, we're running basically to demand, which is pretty well full out for those mills. And so we're in pretty good position right now. Again, we've just gone through outages at Jackson, and so we've come through the winter months, but we're quite pleased where we are with the paper business.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. I will turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Chris.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And congratulations on a good year thus far. I'm trying to get my arms around – and I know whenever you buy things you integrate them pretty quickly, but a sense of – you talked about volumes up the first quarter in the box business and shipments a little under 11%. You talked about thus far being up 11% through April. Could you give us a sense of sort of in structure versus acquired? I mean, my guess is that I think industry is up about 2% through the first quarter and you were up 11%. I mean, is that a reasonable proxy of acquisition added 8% to 9% and industry 2%? Or how would we think about that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We're not going to get into the details of what was the acquisition-related piece going forward. We called that out on the January call for the fourth quarter and for the full year last year. We've used the term before. We're one company now with these acquisitions, and so rather than trying to break that out – because quite frankly during the course of the fall and the early part of the winter months, we were able to move business, integrate business and take advantage of the geographic locations of the acquired plants. So it's not we were trying to break out and parse what's acquisition-related volume. So again, we're looking at the total system, and again, we're very pleased with where see the volume. And we see this occurring nationwide. Tom, do you want to add anything to this?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I really don't have anything to add. I think the important thing is, and the reason, as Mark mentioned, that we're now going to just report one company is also because of this movement of business and taking advantage of all of the synergies that are offered to us as a result of these acquisitions and making sure we drive that to the bottom line as soon as possible. That's why we really can't at this point in time try to break out what – where we used to be and where we are today. And we're just going to report it at this point.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: I think regarding asking us how we looked at it going forward, we're not going to comment about our forward expectations.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, maybe – look, I appreciate this is difficult, but maybe if I ask the question just slightly different. Historically, you've grown in line or better than the market. Nothing's changed with how you're going to market or recent competitiveness in the marketplace such that you wouldn't at least be keeping pace with the market. Would that be – maybe give me a sense of that's nothing changed. You're not losing big chunks of business.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, I think if you looked at history, it's always our goal to outpace the industry. But, again, it's a quality book of business and the type of business we're going after, so, again, I'll answer that question in July.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. Let me switch gears one second and ask about inflation in flat pulp prices and some other things. As you look across – I know you flagged OCT was an issue. I know that the majority of operations though are kraft or virgin-based. There are some – can you maybe talk about some of the other inflation that you're seeing in the marketplace today? Energy seemingly peeling back a little bit. We do see some pulp going up. Do you make any other pulp that you sell externally? I think you had an op that you closed up in the Pac-Northwest, but are there elements of inflation that you're seeing through the system today?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, Chris, you were breaking up a little bit, but I think you were talking about some of the inflationary items we're seeing and obviously with recycled fiber is the largest, although we are less impacted than anyone else in the industry because of our 20% or so use of recycled fiber. Yeah, energy prices, they certainly have been moving up. They've tailed off a little bit lately, but we still see those at a higher level than they have been, as well as chemical inflation on caustic soda and certain coatings and sodium chlorate and other things. Those prices have continued to increase. And freight, you know, freight was up this quarter, and we expect it to move up a little bit more as we move into the second quarter.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the details. How are you? Sorry, I joined the call a little bit late. I guess my first question, if you hadn't already answered it, can you talk about your level of integration currently and whether you're, at this juncture, beginning to encounter any supply chain issues with it being too high? Any thoughts around that would be helpful. And then – well, let me leave it there and then I had a couple follow-ons.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. No. We're at currently 95% integration and planning for that as we wrapped up 2016 on how we were going to supply the system. We're comfortable with how we're supplying the system. Again, we had anticipated looking at what we were doing with our outside volumes, also looking at what we're doing with mills like DeRidder. We had announced previously that we're working on some opportunities in real time at DeRidder to continue producing additional funds there. We just completed the first phase of the opportunities on number one and number three machines. And so as we move forward into 2018 with work that we already planned and that we talked about, we would look at an additional incremental supply base coming out of DeRidder. But in that regard, again, I'll go back to use the word tight. We have to manage our business very carefully. And it's you use some of the terminology from 2012. We're kind back in that same place again looking at all options on how we're going to supply the system going forward, but we've got quite a few options right now.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that, Mark. My second question, the performance, again, was certainly quite good versus your guidance, and congratulations to you and the team on that. If you take a step back and look at the performance in the quarter, and you certainly had your share of challenges in the quarter, you know, whether it be operationally for issues you talked about earlier or cost, what – was the performance as good as you expected or was it better? And if was better, where was the source of the positive variation? Was it on operating leverage at the mills? Was on the fiber flexibility you have in the system? I recognize it's all of the above, but if you could give us some color? If in fact performance was a bit better than you thought relative to the challenges you faced, what was the source of that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, across the board the entire system delivered on the volume side, on the box side. The volume was strong across the board. Operationally plants and mills performed very well, very efficiently. The paper side of the business continues to perform exceptionally well, very efficient performance out of the white paper mills. And so, again, and you asked the question and I'll answer that. I'm never really pleased with our performance. I always expect more. But again, I'm satisfied with where we ended up. Bob or Tom, you want to add to that?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. No. I'm just saying there was no one other than with better execution, I think, on our packaging segment pricing. I think that was executed a little better there. Other than that it was just little $0.01 things here and there, which is good to see. It was sort of across the board, as Mark indicated.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I would also add real quick that the integration of our acquisitions was exceptionally good and we really worked very hard to make sure that we captured the opportunities that were there. And the team at the acquisition plants have just done a phenomenal job of adapting to the PCA system.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My two last ones, and they're quick ones. On that one, Tom, recognizing you're not going to break it out for us, was the contribution progress, however you want to define it, on the acquisitions greater this quarter than it was in the fourth quarter? Logic would say perhaps, just because you now have more time with those assets to work with them. Question number one. And question number two, back on the price mix benefit, and I think Mark had asked on this, the $0.03, that was obviously related to the prior increase that you were referring to? Or was there something else that we had missed there? Thank you, and good luck in the quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. George, yes I think the progress was better in the quarter than what we may have anticipated. I think that as I indicated, we realized benefits sooner than maybe we even anticipated with these recent acquisitions. And yes also to the $0.03 primarily related to the price increase.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you so much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good deal. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: In your prepared remarks, you said you expect continued price inflation in OCC and I was wondering if you're referring to year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter inflation? Do you expect additional inflation relative to I guess the $150 a ton RISI published for April? Any kind of color you had there? And if there's anything specific to the OCC markets that you're buying in that maybe is different from what we might be seeing in the national averages?
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I'll just say that we do see some slightly higher recycle on average second quarter, first quarter prices, so as we look first to second. And then, of course, versus last year's second quarter, you know, up substantially is what we're looking at as far as recycled fiber.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, Anthony, again, supply is very tight even though the price has come down a little bit from its peak. People are replenishing inventory so we're into annual shutdown activity and so again, I know there's been a lot of tightness in the supply so just along with what Bob said on the average price.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Got it. And then just as TimBar and Columbus settle out, is it possible to quantify your integration rate in the quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: No. Again, at a point in time we're 95%, but.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays. Your line is open.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Mark, I think you said your outside sales were up 6,000 tons in the quarter, but as you get relatively tight in the system, I mean should we expect that to reverse and have you actually purchasing outside tons as we go forward through the year? Or how should we think about that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, you know we always purchase some outside tons. We've historically purchased specialty grade, as an example, various white top SBS-type grades, some of the very unique base weights. We're anticipating where we'd be with our integration level. We've taken advantage for transportation reasons, some close-in purchases. So we've always purchased and we will continue to purchase opportunistically as we go forward through the year. Tom, you want to add anything to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I would just say, Scott, I think the important thing is is that we've always had our outside customers. They're long-term relationships. We'll continue to supply them both domestically and in those export markets. Those are – as we've said many times, I mean, we're really small in those markets anyway and those are long-term customers and long-term commitments that we've had, and we'll continue to supply those as well. But we like where we are.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just taking that another step further. If I look at the CapEx, I think the CapEx was $58 million in the first quarter, which would take you well below the full-year run rate you'd outlined on the fourth quarter call. Was some of that just the maintenance timing issues, or would any of those projects normally just take place in the middle of the year? How should we think about that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, I mean a lot of it was really involved in DeRidder and the work that had to be done in DeRidder to take care of the mill and get the mill back up and running, and then take advantage of some opportunities that we had seen as the annual shutdown activity was taking place.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one for me on – you mentioned rail availability, or you didn't mention rail availability, but you mentioned freight not being an issue anymore. Is that a matter of rail availability, or is it more not having increased truck freight rates and last-minute needs in your system?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: It's both. If you look at rail and truck over the last few years, we've had an easing up in terms of issues around rail, on-time shipments and deliveries, and truck availability. So again, from an availability point of view, trucks and rail have improved significantly over the last year.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies & Company. Your line is open.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Lower wood costs was a $0.05 tailwind, which was a little better than we expected. I'm just curious, how much of that was a function of just reducing the amount of fiber you use or just lower prices? And how do you think about that progressing the rest of the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: It was primarily in pricing. Obviously, we always continue to work on yield improvements within the mill process itself. But we've had a good harvest season. If you went back to last summer and looked at the weather patterns into the fall with the winter wood build, we were able to take advantage of a much better weather pattern throughout the entire system that we operate our mills. And as we've gone into the springtime period, again, so far, we've experienced, again, very complementary weather patterns that have allowed us to harvest at better than expected wood costs.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: And I'd just add one other thing, Phil. From the pulp operation we had out at Wallula, one of the things we mentioned there was that it would help just from a chemical and a wood usage standpoint. I think we saw on the paper side, we certainly saw some good wood usage improvement in this quarter's results.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: That's helpful color. And when did prices start falling? Was it the back half – of wood prices? Do you start lapping some of those benefits in the back half of this year? Or how does that play out throughout the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, we've already seen benefit. And so, again, I can't predict what the future's going to be as far as weather, but it's been a gradual – if you went back over the course of the last year and you looked at average wood costs, you would have seen a trailing off, a nice steady decline in delivered wood costs throughout the entire system.
Robert P. Mundy - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, but I would say we're probably getting close, to your point. Maybe a little bit more benefit, but I think you're right. It's getting about to that point.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. And then I guess shifting gears, you guys have obviously done a nice job with some of these recent tuck-in box acquisitions. Would you need to do more debottlenecking at your mills or pursue another mill acquisition before you kind of continue some of these tuck-in acquisitions, which you've done a nice job adding value? And at current multiples, just how do you assess the attractiveness of a greenfield mill versus M&A? Thanks for the color.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We're not going to get into our strategy on how we're going to supply. We talked a little bit about some of the opportunities at a mill like a DeRidder that we'll take advantage of to bring on the necessary content that the corrugated side is going to require over the course of the future. Commenting on how we view an acquisition versus a greenfield mill, we've always believed and we think if you look at the financials around acquiring an existing asset versus building a new asset, especially with the capability that we bring to bear, it would be much better for us and in general for anybody to acquire an asset, especially an underperforming asset, and then go run it. And so that's how we look at asset acquisition versus greenfield. Anything else?
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: No, that's all. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Derrick Laton - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning. It's Derrick Laton on for Brian. Thanks for taking my questions. Yeah, I just wanted to maybe go back to the last question there on the DeRidder potential bottleneck. Does any of that change now kind of given some of the movement going on in first quarter and then some of the outages in second quarter? Are you expecting that to get pushed out a bit? Or should we expect that to be pretty much as planned?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: The DeRidder incremental improvement that we've talked about publicly over the last few quarters is still on track, and we would expect the final piece of that to be showing up on next year's annual outage. Number three machine will go through its phase two portion of the work where we put in a new headbox and do some wet end work and a new shoe press to help with wet end pressing and drying and the overall productivity on the machine.
Derrick Laton - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. That's helpful, thanks. And maybe just one more? You mentioned already in April pretty strong demand, and it looks like that's continuing from the last several months. In there anything in particular that's really standing out to you guys in terms of what's driving that demand? Maybe it's e-commerce or industrial production? Is there any one that really just stands out that's outperforming the rest?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Again, we're very pleased across the board how the system demand looks. And we've looked also, and you've seen this in the news, West Coast agriculture appears to be stronger than it's been in quite a few years, and we expect a good, robust harvest season throughout the entire West Coast. Tom, do you want to add some color to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: I just think if you look across our thousands and thousands of customers, I mean, we've got reasonably good demand across the entire base. So I think we feel good about that, and it's always more desirable to have solid demand across the base than in particular segments.
Derrick Laton - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. I appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman from Roe Equity Research. Your line is open.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: You touched on this a little bit, but can you take a step back on OCC and maybe just give your best take on what you think drove the spike and just how sustainable you think it might be, particularly compared to maybe the last spike we saw in 2011?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, again, China got into the buying pattern very significantly. And then again with demand, domestic demand being what it was, we saw the system get very tight. If you went back to 2010 we reached an inflection point on supply and demand in the U.S. system at that point and at that point we had actually had gone beyond the point. And so the rise in prices was due to the lower OCC generation. And then that was coupled with strong demand, as I said, from China, and again, very robust domestic mill demand.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And switching gears, I know it's not a major market for you, but just what you're seeing in export markets right now?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Tom?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Export demand remains pretty good and prices are trending up. That's what we see in our export market.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And this was touched on a few times as well, but just in terms of the purchase tonnage at TimBar and Columbus, have you integrated as much as you can at this point? Or is there still some opportunity to displace purchases there?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah, we've optimized the integration, as we had called out when we announced the acquisitions. We're very pleased on the tons that we moved through the system.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ketan Mamtora from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. It's Mark Wilde. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Bob and Tom.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wondered just to start, I jumped on the call a little late here. Did you actually quantify, Mark, the amount of debottlenecking potential at DeRidder?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I mean, we've talked over the last few quarters at times, the number three machine, when we're done with it from where it was, we should see 100,000, 125,000 tons of improvement on that machine. But also on number one machine we've been doing various work, so between what we started earlier this year and then through next year we should be net gain of about 150,000 tons of incremental productivity out of the DeRidder system by mid-2018 coming out on the spring shutdowns.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. And then switching gears, I wonder, Tom Hassfurther, these box volumes that we've seen, really since about August of last year, have really been up pretty sharply, and that's after a lot of years where box volumes just didn't seem to move at all. What do you think has changed here? Because if you look at some of the other economic indicators and they really wouldn't tell you that we get this sharp of pick up?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Yeah. I think, Mark, I think there's a number of things that have changed, and obviously we've talked about e-commerce being a big plus. I think the ag business in the United States continues to grow. And I think, as Mark indicated earlier, we're seeing significantly greater outputs coming out of the West Coast now. So some of it is new growth areas and I think others is seeing a recovery from markets that have been down for a number of years. So, like, the West Coast ag as a result of the drive, again. So I think there's a number of moving parts here, and we're certainly pleased with the increase in demand.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And last question I had. Mark, a lot of your peers seem to be focusing on things like, kind of, Latin America and other overseas markets. Is the focus for PCA going to stay really on the North American market?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Exactly. This is our base of operation. This is where we plan on staying.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And does that – would that include Mexico? Or you really want to stay in U.S. and maybe in Canada?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: U.S.-based.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Sounds good. Good luck in the quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong from Armstrong Investments. (48:01) Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Morning, James. (48:07)
Unknown Speaker: First one a follow up a little bit on the integration question. If the right opportunities presented themselves, would you be willing to be short liner board and medium for a certain period of time? In other words, would you be willing to go over that 100% integration level?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Well, it depends on the metrics on the financial analysis. If the deal was justifying returns and you were justifying based on having to go out and supply with outside content, then that's a pretty straightforward decision.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Perfect. That makes sense. And then switching gears, what do you think your OCC versus virgin mix is now? I thought I heard you say a – give a 20% number. And with OCC prices high, do you have any ability to swing to even more virgin in your system?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: We're currently at that 20% OCC, 80% virgin kraft-type ratios. And we obviously took advantage of our flexibility in the mill system through the course of time now, so the fact is, though, with us having to run the mills full out, you really don't have the flexibility of reducing OCC if you choose to run the mills full. So again, we remain the lowest consumer of recycled fiber in the system as far as the industry in the United States at that 20% level.
Unknown Speaker: Perfect. That's all I had, and great job on the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Packaging Corp. of America: Again, thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call. We look forward to talking with you in July. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter and full-year earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I will begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I will then wrap things up and will be glad to take questions. Yesterday we reported fourth quarter net income of $111 million or $1.17 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $5.5 million for acquisitions-related costs and facility closure and restructuring costs. Excluding these special items, fourth quarter 2016 net income was $116 million or $1.23 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 net income of $105 million or $1.08 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.5 billion in 2016 and $1.4 billion in 2015. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $293 million in both 2016 and $265 million in 2015. We also reported full-year earnings excluding special items of $462 million or $4.88 per share compared to 2015 earnings excluding special items of $443 million or $4.53 per share. Net sales in 2016 were $5.8 billion compared to $5.7 billion in 2015. Excluding the special items, total company EBITDA in 2016 was $1.2 billion, compared to $1.1 billion in 2015. Details of special items for both fourth quarter and full-year 2016 were included in the schedule that accompanied our earnings press release. Fourth quarter 2016 earnings per share, excluding special items of $1.23, were $0.15 per share above the fourth quarter of 2015, driven primarily by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.16; higher white papers prices and mix $0.03; lower fiber costs $0.06; and lower annual outage costs $0.09. These items were partially offset by lower containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix of $0.04; lower paper volume of $0.04; higher costs for labor $0.02; and repairs $0.02; higher expenses for depreciation $0.02 and interest $0.01 and a higher tax rate of $0.04. Our earnings were $0.08 per share better than our fourth quarter guidance. Higher volumes in both our Packaging and Paper segments contributed to about $0.04 per share in total. Operational excellence across all mills and corrugated plants contributed another $0.06 per share, and fiber and chemical usage in the containerboard mills was $0.02 favorable. These items more than offset the lower-than-forecasted price and mix for containerboard of $0.02 and white paper to $0.01 and higher recycled fiber costs of $0.01. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter of 2016 of $259 million, with sales of $1.2 billion, resulted in margins of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $252 million and sales of $1.1 billion or 23% margin. For the full-year, excluding special items, Packaging EBITDA was $1.02 billion with sales of $4.6 billion for a 22.2% margin compared to the full-year of 2015 EBITDA of $1.1 billion with sales of $4.48 billion or a 22.5% margin. Operationally the containerboard mills ran exceptionally well with record production of 962,000 tons, driven by the need to support record box shipments and the rapid integration of our new corrugated plants from the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions. We ended the year with containerboard inventories including the inventory needs of our two acquisitions flat with last year's levels. Inventories were up about 17,000 tons from the end of the third quarter due to the addition of our acquisitions and to prepare for outages at our three largest mills during the first and second quarter this year. Additionally excellent fiber and chemical usage offset price inflation we experienced in these areas during the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. In Corrugated products, we set new all-time shipment records both in total and per workday with total shipments up 9.7% or 11.5% per workday over last year's fourth quarter. Our outside sales volume of containerboard was up almost 5,000 tons versus last year's fourth quarter and about 11,000 tons below the third quarter of this year. Overall Packaging segment volumes contributed about $0.16 per share above last year's fourth quarter. For the full-year, shipments in total were up 5% or 4.6% per workday over 2015. Packaging segment price and mix was lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 by about $0.04 per share but up $0.05 per share compared to the third quarter of 2016 as we began implementing the announced price increases to our containerboard and corrugated products customers throughout the fourth quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.02 per share below the fourth quarter of 2015, but up $0.05 per share compared to the third quarter of 2016. Export containerboard prices were down about $0.02 per share below fourth quarter 2015 levels and fairly flat with the third quarter of this year. Finally I would like to add that our recent acquisitions have bolted on seamlessly during the fourth quarter. These operations have proven to be an excellent bet and we’re off to a great start towards achieving our goals. Of course this could not have been accomplished without the outstanding effort and dedication of all employees of PCA, including our newest teams from TimBar and Columbus Container. I'll now turn it back to Mark
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $50 million with sales of $254 million or a 20% margin, compared to the fourth quarter 2015 EBITDA of $28 million and sales of $273 million or a 10% margin. The EBITDA improvement over last year was primarily due to excellent operational effectiveness throughout the quarter and our Jackson Alabama mill being down for an extended period for a planned rebuild of the recovery boiler with reduced production and increased operating cost during the fourth quarter of 2015, versus no scheduled outage in this year's fourth quarter. Paper segment price and mix was higher than the fourth quarter of 2015, contributing about $0.03 per share and flat with the third quarter of 2016. Paper volume was lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily due to the previously announced fourth quarter shutdown of our market pulp operations at our Wallula Mill, and down versus the seasonally stronger third quarter of 2016. The reduction of pulp volume from the shutdown was key driver of the decrease in segment sales for the quarter. Full-year 2016 EBITDA, excluding special items, was $199 million and sales were $1.1 billion or an 18.2% margin compared to full-year 2015 EBITDA of $161 million with sales of $1.1 billion or a 14.1% margin. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. Compared to last year's fourth quarter, depreciation and amortization expense was $0.02 per share higher. Interest expense was $0.01 per share higher due to items related to recent TimBar acquisition. Our fourth quarter 2016 effective tax rate of just over 34% was above last year’s due to some one-time benefits received in ‘15 when we filed our 2014 returns. Related to our state tax selections made following the first full-year of owning Boise Inc. Cash provided by operations in the fourth quarter was $213 million after deducting $64 million and cash tax payments and $4 million in pension payments. Other uses of cash included $100 million to pay for the Columbus Container acquisition; capital expenditures of $86 million; common stock dividends totaled $59 million; and $7 million in term loan repayments. We ended the quarter with $239 million of cash on hand. For the full-year, cash from operations was a record $801 million and free cash flow was a record $527 million. Key uses of cash for the year included capital expenditures of $274 million; common stock dividends of $216 million; 2 million shares were repurchased totaling just over $100 million; $100 million for the Columbus Container acquisition and debt repayments for the year totaled $37 million. Regarding full-year estimates, certain key items for the upcoming year. We expect total capital expenditures to be between $310 million to $325 million. DD&A is expected to be about $370 million, of about $12 million over 2016 primarily due to the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions. Pension expense is expected to be $25 million and we expect to make cash pension payments of $43 million. The combined Federal and State effective tax rates for 2017 is expected to be similar to 2016 at just over 34%. Based on our current long-term debt, interest expense in 2017 would be approximately $100 million. The cash interest payments would be about $94 million, both around $7 million about 2016 due to the new term loan from the TimBar acquisition as well as slightly higher assumed LIBOR rates. Based on current planned annual maintenance outages at our mills in 2017, the total earnings impact of these outages, including lost production, direct cost and amortized repair costs is expected to be $0.51 per share versus the $0.42 per share for 2016. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2017 is $0.09 per share in the first quarter, $0.11 in the second, $0.12 in the third quarter and $0.19 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Bob. In summary, 2016 was a record year for PCA as we continued to see significant benefits from the DeRidder containerboard mill and white paper mills optimization efforts. We completed the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions and fully integrated their volume. We ended the year with containerboard inventories at the lowest levels in two years and box plant cut up set new record. Dividend was raised 15% making its sixth increases over the last five years for a cumulative total increase of 320%. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we expect to realize the vast majority of our previously announced Packaging segment price increases, and we expect higher corrugated product shipments resulting from our organic growth, and our two recent acquisition, as well as four more shipping days in the first quarter. We have had lower containerboard and paper production volume, as we have scheduled maintenance outages on one of our machines at both the Counce and DeRidder containerboard mills and on one of our machines at our Jackson, Alabama white paper mill. We expect higher freight costs as well as higher labor and benefits costs with annual wage increases and other timing related expenses. We also anticipate continued price inflation on recycled fiber, energy and certain chemicals, and seasonally colder weather will increase wood and energy costs. Considering these items, we expect first quarter earnings of $1.26 per share. With that, we would be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I would like to open up the call to questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: Yes, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon: First question is you obviously - it sounds like you did a great job getting the Columbus and TimBar plants into your system. How much of the benefit do you think we've already seen and how much - in other words, how much is left do you think as we look into the first half of 2017?
Mark Kowlzan: As far as benefit from the integration of the tons, we’ve significantly integrated the tons that we had committed to. But again, as we work through the first quarter, there is obviously benefits that will continue to roll in. We're very pleased with the acquisitions. Tom, you want to give some more color to that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chip, I would just add that in the case of Columbus, we only have one month of Columbus in the numbers for the fourth quarter, so there is some more to realize there. TimBar rolled in very nicely and there is probably a little bit more there, but for the most part we got most of the benefit in the fourth quarter.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And just one quick follow-up. Could you talk a little bit about how the first part of January looked? Often you give us a look as to how the first two days have gone. And then it's interesting today being the last day of January, this at least historically tends to be the high watermark for industry inventories looking at the industry data, and I suppose as you look at your system, how loose or tight does the market feel today versus what you normally would expect to see as we’ve - in January?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer the last half of that question and we’ll let Tom give you the first half of your question. For us, the - we’re tight, we have to run hard. We've got the shutdowns. We are coming up placing right now for the first and second quarter. With the integration of these acquisitions, our inventories as I stated were basically a two-year low, and so I would characterize the market as tight for us in particular. And so again, it moves to continue to do well and to run hard and to run very effectively. Tom, why don’t you answer the first part of the question for the first 17 days?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chip, I would say coming out of a very strong fourth quarter, we have a very strong January as well. Organically that's legacy plants we are up about 3% to-date. So we are off to a very good start and demand continues to be very good.
Chip Dillon: Great. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: First, just detailed question for Bob. Bob, can you give us some sense of what that maintenance cost was like in the fourth quarter, just as so as to help us bridge into the first quarter and the rest of the year?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, it was just over $0.11 per share in the fourth quarter.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right, and then a little bigger picture. I wonder if Mark or Tom, what is your integration level right now once we have Columbus and TimBar fully in the saddle?
Tom Hassfurther: As we indicated on the October call and through some of the other public discussion we had in the fourth quarter, we expected to end the year and to start this year at around 95% integration, and that was cumulative effect of our organic growth and the acquisitions last year, and that's right where we are. We are right about that 95% level, so again we are where we expected to be and we’ve adjusted our business for that and we're looking at how we go forward.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And I guess just along with that, Mark, can you give us some sense of what’s sort of the incremental debottlenecking opportunities might be across PCA system in terms of size, cost, timing, things like that?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. If you were to think about we've raised the capital estimate for this year, there is some projects that we already identified in the past, as I've said, we're working our files. We pull those and we are beginning to execute. These are - as you can primarily work at the DeRidder Mill and it involves both machines at DeRidder but the work will be done until the annual outages of 2018. But it fits in nicely with our growth platform and how we fully take advantage of the DeRidder mill. And to capital, it's not anyone big item. As we've said before, the smaller amount $10 million, the $5 million, but it's basically enhancing both machines capability to optimize the mill. We are doing some other work at the mill on energy. We've got another turbine generator that we had wired long with the one that was installed at the I Falls, so we'll see similar benefits on cost take out over the course of the next 18 months in DeRidder. But that's a good example of where we are looking at taking through some nice high return capital with some tons that we can place into the system.
Mark Wilde: All right, that's helpful. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Mark, two things. There is a lot of light and heavyweight grades of containerboard where you don't really compete, and I'm curious if you see any of those grades as strategically attractive to PCA, or whether you think that as you continue to grow your footprint as you talked about, you’re going to stay in the middle?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you look at our grade mix currently, we are participating in just about everything that's out in the marketplace with the exception of the ultra lightweights that would be using some very specialty type applications. And I think we view that as just not a current opportunity. Tom, you can add some color to that, but again I think this discussion we’ve had for the last few years about the size in that market on that super lightweight.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I think, Mark, as Mark alluded to, we are not participating in that super ultra lightweight category and there is a reason why and that is because our customer demand doesn't really call for it. If they call for it, I suppose we would take a look at moving in those kind of direction. But I want you to keep in mind one thing that we've been talking about for a number of quarters now and that is that we really are in the performance grades and that's really what we focus on maximizing performance for directly attributing to our customers’ needs and that's how we gear our mill systems. So we really do in essence participate in the great majority of everything but it's on a performance measure basis.
Mark Connelly: And just one more question, it doesn't appear that trade protection has given white paper producers the boost that some people had looked for. Have you been surprised by the level of competitiveness in those markets even with the improved rate of decline that we saw in 2016, and are you expecting anything better in 2017?
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, the trade case did exactly what we targeted to do. They traded a level playing field with some of the folks that we needed to address. But keep in mind, there has been competition for the last 35 years from all over the world. We'll get cut-size office paper. We could go out and set up grades. We were dealing with the world competition back in the 1980s and 1990s, so nothing has changed. It’s just you have the Asian side of the supply chain now, but imports did drop significantly last year and then they picked back up [indiscernible] and now with the end of the year. But we expected that would happen. At the same time we are pleased with where our volume is. We are pleased with our business. And so like in that trade cases has achieved exactly what we hoped it would achieve.
Mark Connelly: So you're not looking for a much different in 2017 then?
Mark Kowlzan: No.
Mark Connelly: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: All right. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations on a very strong finish to the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Chris. Thank you.
Chris Manuel: If I could come back to an earlier question, I know you said that organic volumes were up about 3% so far in January but you ran up somewhere between 9% and 11% depending how we wanted to think about today in 4Q. Given you still have that integration going forward of the TimBar and Columbus, is that a unreasonable rate for us to think about at least the first three quarters of ‘17 as you have the extra piece in there and then just continued growth, or how would we think about that 9% to 11% on an organic basis perhaps?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Chris, that's our plan. We have the funds that we can put through the system. Tom has got his plan for the year, and so you assume that demand is there and we continue to fulfill that demand. So it's not unreasonable to think that just what we achieved last year, what we are seeing this year. Again it's demand-driven and we are pretty pleased with where we are and we know we can take care of the business for the time being. Tom, you want to add more color [ph]?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chris, the main reason I gave you the legacy organic growth for January is that's when we have real visibility into right now so - and that's probably the most meaningful number. You can tack on obviously TimBar and Columbus to that number and then you can get to the number that you can forecast going forward. So we want to emphasize the growth that's going on in organically and that should get represented across our entire system. And so you're probably looking at 10% to 11% as the - if you tack on TimBar and Columbus part of that 3% number I gave you.
Chris Manuel: Okay, that's helpful. That's what I was looking for. As a follow-up question, from where you sit today, the balance sheet is in great shape, you’re roughly 2x leverage. How do you think about a balance through the rest of the year? You gave us your capital plan but I know you always look at the dividends, but how do - you’re thinking about incremental opportunities for on the box side. Are you thinking about maybe there is the share repurchase here, how do you think about incremental opportunities from here?
Mark Kowlzan: I think you just said it all. We will remain opportunistic in all opportunities that we see whether it's being mindful of paying down some debt, acquisitions that came along that were great opportunities such as Columbus Packaging or TimBar, an opportunity to acquire a mill and expand containerboard capacity. We've purposefully set this balance sheet up to have this flexibility to do what we require to do and continue delivering value for the shareholders and continue growing the value proposition.
Chris Manuel: Okay, thank you. Good luck guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hi guys. Demand was obviously quite strong for you in the fourth quarter as well as the industry and January seems off to a good start. Just want to get your view on how you're thinking about box demand this year, and are you expecting a stronger demand throughout 2017. What are some of the key drivers? Are there any end markets that really stand out for you?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, go ahead and put some color on that.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would say, Philip, we could predict the quarter given the indicators and how they’ve started out, what goes ongoing forward is anybody’s guess however. If the administration does some of the things they’ve talked about doing and with all our focus right here in the United States, that probably bodes quite well for PCA in terms of demand going forward. End markets, I think there was some discussion about e-commerce on our last call and what it might mean to the fourth quarter, and I think you see those statistics that e-commerce did set reference beyond what the expectation was in the fourth quarter. I think the entire industry was helped by that. We don't have a tremendous exposure to that area. Ours are more a third-party but nonetheless that probably helps us as well, and I think the prospects going forward are quite good, and like you said, we’re off toward a [indiscernible].
Philip Ng: Okay. That's good color. And then just looking at the December industry data, operating rates are in that 97% range. And Mark I think you mentioned you're pretty tight and obviously Pensacola - it's anybody's guess how long it's going to be down. That is going to take another one-odd-percent of capacity out of your market. Just curious are you seeing any change in behavior from order patterns from your customers? Are they kind of ratcheting orders and doing little pre-buys just because we are going to head into time where there is a lot of downtime being taken as well?
Mark Kowlzan: We talked about that in the fall. We didn't see any significant pre-buy, so I’d characterize that as a no, and I think the market is priced looking again what we have to run fall as I said. Tom you want to elaborate?
Tom Hassfurther: I would just say there are virtually no opportunities for pre-buy.
Philip Ng: Okay.
Tom Hassfurther: The funds are available.
Philip Ng: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then just one last one from me. You guys obviously baked in some inflation sequentially in the first quarter combination of recycled fiber prices, energy and stuff of that nature. Can you provide some color what the sequential year-over-year hit will be and when we think about fiber collectively, just given your mix in virgin versus recycle, are you expecting a year-over-year headwind just because I think virgin prices at least comp pretty favorable in the first half? Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, let me just start that and then I’m going to turn it over to Bob. He can walk you through bridge between first quarter of last year and the first quarter this year just to help you understand that we’re self-inflation driven [ph]. Obviously recycled fiber is up somewhere 45% year-over-year. To remind everyone, we still remain at least impacted in total. We use about 20% OCC PLK combination. So we’re impact $0.20 on the dollar compared to everybody else, so there is an impact but it's smaller - much smaller compared to rest of the industry. With that, Bob, why don’t you give some color in terms of some of the other line items inflation effect?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Phil, it's the our input costs certainly over last year's first quarter what we are expecting, we’ve been seeing at the latter part of ‘16 and we'll see it in as we go into ‘17 but $0.12 plus per share over last year's first quarter on recycled chemicals, energy, some of those things that we’re all thinking about, and on top of that we expect freight costs to be up a bit and then we always have labeled benefits that go up every year, and so that will certainly be slightly higher than it was last year first quarter as well.
Philip Ng: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Deborah Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Debbie.
Deborah Jones: I just wanted to follow-up on Phil’s question related to fiber. You did call out the $0.06 benefit but also that OCC prices were higher. So can you talk about really how you got the benefit on the wood fiber side, and then specifically if there is any usage uses benefit or utilization that helped you and if that will continue?
Mark Kowlzan: Bob, why don’t you go ahead?
Bob Mundy: Yes, Debbie, the fiber is - again that’s company, for the total company it was $0.06 but when you look underneath that certainly recycled fiber for the Packaging segment primarily due to inflation was $0.06 per share higher over last year’s fourth quarter. It was just happened to be offset by we had good usage on the paper side and good usage in our virgin wood fiber as well on the Packaging side. We are also doing some things with fiber on the paper side relative to less recycled pulp at our target Jackson mill which is saving us a lot of cost. So net-net we are $0.06 favorable but when you look underneath you can see that it really was impacted the Packaging segment.
Deborah Jones: Okay, thanks. So that’s helpful. And then Mark, my second question just on price mix. I think you said the $0.04 headwind in the quarter was actually below target in your prepared remarks. Can you just confirm what you meant by that, because it was actually pretty big improvement from the year-over-year results in Q3. Just how that's trending in the quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, look, again we talked on the third quarter call on October about the price leakage that had occurred year-over-year through the year 2016. And so as we went into the fourth quarter, we continued to see the impact of the price decline that had occurred earlier in the year on year-over-year benefit. Now that was against - as we started raising prices, we saw the net benefit of price increase. Bob, you want to elaborate on that? So really it was a lagging event and then the benefit of the price increase starting to roll in. Anything else Debbie?
Deborah Jones: No, it’s good. I'll turn it over. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Congratulations on a very good year. And maybe just following up on the last one for clarity. I think you mentioned that sequentially that corrugated was a $0.05 benefit 3Q to 4Q, and that the containerboard separately, domestic containerboard was a $0.05 benefit 3Q to 4Q. Did I hear that right?
Mark Kowlzan: Corrugated as a segment. Again we saw the $0.05 benefit but was against some of the leakage that had occurred and that finally netted itself out.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. I'm sorry. I thought you - and maybe I misheard but had you said something about 3Q to 4Q the sequential benefit?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, on volume, Mark, yes, $0.05 for corrugated domestic containerboard that was the benefit and then export was flat.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, so with $0.05 - and I apologize if I'm getting this wrong [ph], but I thought I heard you say that pricing was a benefit 3Q to 4Q by $0.05, pricing and mix?
Mark Kowlzan: That's correct.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And that was for boxes and the small amount of board you would be selling?
Mark Kowlzan: And domestic containerboard, yes.
Mark Weintraub: Okay thank you. And then just on the - perhaps a little bit more color on the demand in the fourth quarter. So how much would have the organic growth have been in the fourth quarter, the 11.5% type of year-over-year box shipments improvement you saw?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don’t you walk him through that?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, the organic growth in the fourth quarter would have been 3.2%. Okay? So again then you take and then add on, then what TimBar and Columbus added to that fourth quarter. Now keep in mind that the first quarter of ‘17 is going to have four more days than the fourth quarter of ‘16. So on a per day basis, the number goes up a little bit in the fourth quarter just because you have fewer days.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And that 3.2%, that was average day?
Tom Hassfurther: That was per day basis.
Mark Weintraub: Per day, great. And then lastly, I realize that exports are quite small for you, but what are you seeing in the export markets have been a number of price initiatives and the Europeans also announcing price increases for March. Can you give us a little color on what you're seeing?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Tom, go ahead.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, the export pricing is definitely moving up and demand is quite good. South America is very good this year. So there is - the demand trend even in export continues to be quite good.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. I want to take a step back and maybe go a little bit different direction on the paper segment, the performance at least versus our model, was excellent. You mentioned Mark operationally you did very well. Can you comment a little bit more on what some of the drivers were in that segment because the performance was - certainly you had an easy comp versus last year, but nonetheless was quite good.
Mark Kowlzan: Again we were pleased, volume itself office papers was up slightly year-over-year, so volume was a very good story. But also all of the work we have done over the last three years has continued to be accretive. The turbine generator, we used that example last year, but we continue to work on the white paper mills effectiveness week after week, so throughout 2016 we had our technology organization doing what we do well and that's helping the white paper mills continue to drive costs out and run more effectively. So the big contribution for the fourth quarter as well as the full-year was the fact that volume is up slightly, but also that we were able to take significant costs out by actually all-time record setting uptime efficiencies at the white paper mills.
George Staphos: And with costs being taken out but not necessarily headcount reduction and all that, it was just running better in operational excellence and all things that you normally do.
Mark Kowlzan: Right, it’s I think interesting question. If you look back and look to three years ago, we actually had more people working in the white mills than we did three years ago. And again we are just running a world-class efficiencies, world-class uptime performance month after month. Last year 2016 set an all-time performance record at the Jackson and I Falls mills in terms of their uptime efficiencies.
George Staphos: Okay. So with that as kind of a jumping off point if we go now to corrugated and containerboard and operations, when you're done with the next phase, let's call them, projects at DeRidder and you said you'd be done with that by the outage season in 2018, and recognizing you need to project some growth into the future for this, what do you think your vertical integration rate will be at that point on an annualized basis and what next moves would you likely need to consider? Would they be - would there still be more in the file book in terms of these types of products, or would you need to do something more substantive and perhaps more externally driven?
Mark Kowlzan: George, I think we are at a point now, once you're at 95% integration and were working on these projects to take care of our organic needs, we have opportunities. We’ve said this fact that you can - depending on the amount of capital you want to spend, you can add capacity. So if it’s a capital versus benefit price analyses. But at the end of the day we are fine for the time being. We are right back where we were in 2012 period looking at this type of high integration level and how we go forward. Obviously over the next few years, we’re going to have to make some different decisions on how we set the growth platform for higher level but we will talk about that when we’re ready.
George Staphos: Understood. I appreciate the color there. Last thing and I'll turn it over. Is there any way you could perhaps give us your views on what you think the administration's potential policies might mean for the business broadly whether you think it'd be more net positive or net challenge? Tom, you mentioned perhaps that we could see some pick up the domestically, I don't know, if there is anything specifically that you were pointing to or more aspirational in terms of if we see GDP growth picking up, but if you could give us a bit of color there, that would be appreciated. Thanks and good luck in the quarter guys.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. It’s demand-driven and demand is tied to GDP pretty significant once again. And so I would just say that if GDP grows in any meaningful fashion, you will see box demand, box cut-up move in that same trend line. So your guess is as good as mine in terms of what actually happened, so I think we are believing that we are better positioned in terms of we are still American-based manufacturing, and so far our customers here in the United States are in that regard would like to wait and see what Washington finally does.
George Staphos: So it's more of a demand versus trade point of view you're making. Correct?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes.
George Staphos: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Following up on the CapEx guidance with the new acquisitions, Bob, I was wondering what we should think of as PCA’s normal maintenance CapEx? And then just following up on George’s question on debottlenecking at DeRidder. You said that work would be done until maintenance outage season in 2018. I was wondering if it was possible to put a finer point on that in terms of the quarter or even the tonnage estimate.
Mark Kowlzan: So let me answer that second part of the question first and I’ll let Bob go back to the breakout between the capital piece [ph]. Because of the long lead items for a few pieces of capital equipments that are required, we'll do this in two phases. We’ll do some of the work on this year’s annual average at DeRidder through the winter and spring period and then we have to wait to fully capitalize on that for some of the equipment to be delivered at the end of this year into early next year to install some of the equipment, and then fully take advantage of our plants. I don’t want to call out the incremental capacity. All I would say is that it allows us to continue the growth trajectory that we have plans to look for the next two years.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Anthony, and then the first part of your question for what we have planned for 2017, as far as the non-discretionary maintenance type items in our capital, it's about 50-50. It’s about 50% is what we would call non-discretionary type spending.
Anthony Pettinari: Great. That's really helpful. And then just switching gears, Pulp & Paper Week has indicated they will roll out a list price for recycled liner I think in March. In terms of how you engage with your customers, is that list price, is it positive, is it negative, is it neutral, or is it just a non-event. Any kind of general thoughts on that?
Mark Kowlzan: Just a quick statement. We’ve said before that appeared as though recycled pricing had been used in the past as a rationale to take down craft line board and medium, and as we know there is a significant difference, as Tom mentioned earlier, in terms of performance characteristics between recycling craft as they are essentially two very different products when it comes to performance. So in that regard, I think what's been talked about probably makes sense to have two different price points. Tom, you want to ahead?
Tom Hassfurther: I've got nothing else to add.
Mark Kowlzan: Anything else?
Anthony Pettinari: No, great. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Question is maybe for Tom. I guess if you look at 4Q box shipments obviously very strong both for PCA and for the industry, but if you look at industrial production of non-durable goods which shipments have tracked fairly closely recently over the last few years, it was actually down in the fourth quarter. Is there - Tom, you mentioned e-commerce. Anything else that you're seeing that would account for the stronger than non-durable goods, industrial production shipment?
Tom Hassfurther: No, Scott. I don't think there is anything in particular. I mean, e-commerce obviously is enormous in the fourth quarter. It’s the by far the biggest quarter of the year, so that probably helped to offset a little bit on that. But the other thing is, is that I get a lot of questions about our customers replenishing inventory and things like that. For now for a number of years, our customers have maintained their inventories at very low numbers, so I don't see any replenishing of inventories either, which is good news because that means this demand trend can continue on. And there is probably just a seasonal disconnect would be my guess on the non-durable side.
Scott Gaffner: Okay, fair enough. And Mark, you mentioned obviously the capital projects over the next, call it, 12 to 14 months, some debottlenecking et cetera, but when you look further out, are there any significant investments you could make in the system that you have today without actually going out and adding through M&A, or through any large projects? Is there anything else, maybe at DeRidder or anywhere else in the system to add capacity?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again without giving you any details, there is always capacity that could be increased. It just depends on how much capital we choose to spend and then it becomes a decision on where is the best place to apply that capital. So we've got some decisions to make as we go forward over the next two years. Again but I’ll reiterate it’s the same place we were in 2012 and evaluating a runway through our containerboard supply. I look at it - it’s a high class place to be.
Scott Gaffner: Sure. Okay. Last one for me, just you mentioned to earlier question in the prepared remarks, you had $0.05 of positive price sequentially into the fourth quarter. When you look at 2017 now, and now that you’ve got the pricing increase fully implemented, what are you thinking price versus inflationary, some of these inflationary pressures that you have? Do you have enough price to offset the inflation that you've already seen in the system going into 2017?
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to answer that absolutely, but if you look at our performance historically, given our capital application and how we run the mills and how we run the box plants, we go to market, in general we have been able to keep up with inflation and go up or do better than inflation with cost take out and organic volume growth acquisition contributions. And so that will continue to be our plan.
Scott Gaffner: Okay, thanks Mark. Thanks guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Brian Maguire: Just wanted to dig into the 2017 outlook a little bit more. I appreciate all the color you give. It sounds like from the $1.26 or so starting point in the first quarter, you're looking for maintenance to be sequential headwind throughout the year. Just wondering what offsets you’d have that would cause the EPS to go higher through the year? I know normally you’d get some seasonal pickup, but sounds like you're going to be starting the year off from a pretty full volume run rate. Just trying to get a sense of what the other tailwinds would be in 2Q and 3Q as we go through the year?
Mark Kowlzan: Obviously containerboard volume and containerboard price are the big positives and paper price positive year-over-year, and then you would have to say that if again GDP continues to pull the demand, that supports the volume. And then we would have to assume that we continue to do what we do well and that’s operate our mills very effectively to work on the cost side of the equation. So that's pretty much the big pieces right there.
Brian Maguire: Do you think you would have the incremental tons to meet that better demand given how well you ran in 4Q and seems like the 1Q guide assumes a pretty good run rate, or do we have to wait more to 2018 when the DeRidder debottlenecks come online to get some more tons?
Mark Kowlzan: We’re confident. We’ve got options. We got mix changes within our very flexible manufacturing system. We still got the exports and domestic volumes as we continue to assess the value that we derive per ton sold. And so again we’ve got various options and we’re confident we can supply that organic need as we could anticipate into next year. So we’re feeling pretty good about where we are.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just a related question. Just wondered if there is any opportunities to given the tightness in the market and the strong demand you're seeing, any opportunities to shorten or push out the maintenance at Counce or DeRidder? I know those have to be on a pretty consistent timeline but just given the tightness in the market and with the Pensacola mill outage, just wondering if there is - if you’re seeing any opportunities to maybe defer some maintenance to take advantage of the market.
Mark Kowlzan: We are pretty well set on the maintenance plans. Again when you look year-to-year on what you have to do with those big integrated mills, the plan is pretty well get set and you have a basic high confidence of inspection requirements. And so in that regard, we don't see any changes that the plant is coming up.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning. I know OCC is not a huge expense for you, but I'm just wondering, can you give some insights into what you think has been driving OCC, whether it’s China, whether there has been some talk of domestic collection issue, and are you seeing any signs of stabilization?
Mark Kowlzan: Again just you read everything we read in the indices in terms of greasy [ph] information. So actually China got back big into the marketplace last year. And then demand, again just domestic containerboard activity in the mills and the utilization here domestically is caused the uptick in demand. So I think again it's demand-driven here in the United States and then with China picking up their own requirements. Tom, do you want to add some color to that?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would just add Gail that we've been talking for quite sometime that collection rates during start are very high numbers and then of course we had a little decline in collection rates. Some of that’s related to the e-commerce issue we just talked about where boxes are going to consumers’ homes and if their municipality doesn’t collect, they choose not to recycle. Some of those boxes end up in landfill as opposed to go to recyclers. Also the price has ticked down to a point where some of the municipalities chose to get out of the collection systems. So you’re finding that there is just - there is a bottom to this thing which makes good sense and of course coupled with China who is out of the OCC market for quite sometime with very large inventories, lender inventories run down to almost nothing. And so they are very active back in the market and can't - quite frankly can't even get everything they need. So going forward, we look at OCC as being a headwind and I think the price will continue to move up.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. You didn't call it out, so I'm assuming it wasn't an issue but there have been a few headlines about it, some storm activity around Valdosta. Any issues to impact the quarter with supply moving forward?
Mark Kowlzan: No. We've not had any issues at Valdosta, no, regarding any storm outage impact and/or wood availability or pricing impact.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And just on - I know obviously you’re full up and at this point absorbing TimBar and Columbus are probably the priorities. But just can you talk a little bit about the M&A landscape particularly maybe on the converting side just as critical math of integration continues to gain. Are you seeing any more or fewer opportunities out there? I mean at this point are the last remaining independents pretty resolute or maybe thinking more and more about getting out just given how many of their competitors on the independent side have?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don’t you…
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I would say that we've talked before that as the independent market continues to shrink quite dramatically that the opportunities of course in sheer numbers are less but there are still good quality opportunities out there and those that are interested and those that we have relationships with et cetera, we are going to take a good hard look at. So we'll still be active in that M&A arena, and we’ll acquire those that make good sense and fits the criteria that we've laid out before.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Coleman with Argus Research.
David Coleman: Hi, good afternoon. With regard to your mention of 2% organic growth, I was wondering if you could give some color on a few of your largest top line growth drivers.
Mark Kowlzan: We don't get into details of our customer base. That's proprietary information.
David Coleman: Okay. You did mention…
Mark Kowlzan: And also you talked about the amount, the organic is actually 3%.
David Coleman: Okay. You did mention though that you don't have a tremendous exposure to the online retail sales, but what is your definition of the tremendous exposure I guess.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, David, we are not going to get in those details but I did say that our exposure is more in, what I'd call, third-party as opposed to what you might consider to be the traditional e-commerce providers. So having exposure but it’s not in some of your more traditional markets and I’ll leave it with that.
David Coleman: Okay. Just to clarify, so the majority of your products are not used in sending products to the end-user?
Mark Kowlzan: That would be fair to say.
David Coleman: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: All right, thank you. I think we have time for one more question operator.
Operator: You do have a follow-up from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Yes, just a couple of smalls ones. One for Bob. One for Tom. Bob, can you give us a sense of what your cash tax rate is likely to be in 2017?
Bob Mundy: It should be just above - I think we’re up 34% - 34%, 35% somewhere in there Mark.
Mark Wilde: All right, so pretty close to the reported rate then?
Bob Mundy: Yes.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then Tom, just to be real clear on sort of how pricing rolls through, would you assume if we look at the second quarter that there will be any sort of quarter to quarter carryover benefit from price or will you get most of your price early in the first quarter, so that there is not really much quarter-to-quarter shift as we go into the second?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, as we mentioned and as the best we can educate that the vast majority of the increase goes in the first quarter of that. That said, we do have some contracts that rollover on a quarterly basis or a midyear basis, so there is a little lead over [ph].
Mark Wilde: Okay, that’s fair. Good luck in the first quarter and through the year guys.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Mark. Appreciate it. And with that operator, we’re out of time. I appreciate everybody taking the time to be with us today and look forward to talking with you after the first quarter results are in for the April call. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect all lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hassfurther - EVP, Packaging Mark Kowlzan - Chairman & CEO Bob Mundy - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities Gail Glazerman - ROE Equity Research Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Scott Liebman - CLSA Limited Phil Ng - Jefferies Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. With me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging Business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I will begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob who will provide more details. I will then wrap things up and be glad to take any questions. Yesterday we reported third quarter net income of $119 million or $1.26 per share. Third quarter net income included special items of $3.3 million for acquisitions-related and facility closure costs. Excluding special items, third quarter 2016 net income was $123 million or $1.30 per share compared to third quarter 2015 net income of $123 million or $1.26 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.5 billion in 2016 and in 2015. Total Company EBITDA for the third quarter excluding special items was $299 million in both 2016 and 2015. Details of special items for the quarter were included in the schedule that accompanied our earnings press release. Third quarter 2016 earnings per share excluding special items of $1.30 was equal to our guidance and was $0.04 per share above the third quarter of 2015 driven primarily by higher containerboard, corrugated products and white papers sales volumes of $0.04; higher white paper prices and mix $0.03; lower costs for energy $0.03; fiber $0.07; freight $0.03; lower annual outage costs $0.01; and the lower share count resulting from share repurchases for $0.04. These items were partially offset by lower domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix of $0.13; lower containerboard export prices $0.02; lower paper production volume $0.02; and higher costs for labor and fringes $0.04. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter 2016 of $256 million with sales of $1.17 billion resulted in margins of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $268 million and sales of $1.14 billion or a 23% margin. Operationally, the mills ran exceptionally well with production of 950,000 tons driven by the need to support record box shipments and a rapid integration of the new corrugated plants from the TimBar acquisition. We ended the quarter with containerboard inventories 16,000 tons below last year's third quarter and 11,000 tons below the end of the second quarter of 2016 as a result of the strong sales volume and the integration of containerboard related to TimBar. I am now going to turn it over to Tom who will provide more detail on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Corrugated product shipments excluding TimBar set all-time records for both total shipments as well as shipments per day with our shipments up 1.7% in total and per workday compared to the record third quarter of 2015. Including TimBar, shipments were up 4.9%. As a comparison, the industry was up 1.5% in total and per workday. Our outside sales of containerboard were about 15,000 tons above last year's third quarter and about 27,000 tons above the second quarter of this year. The higher volumes were driven by improved sales in both the domestic and export markets. Export containerboard prices were about 6% or $0.02 per share below third quarter 2015 levels and flat compared to the second quarter of this year. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.13 per share below the third quarter of 2015 and down $0.05 per share compared to the second quarter of 2016. In the fourth quarter, we expect outside sales of containerboard and corrugated products shipments to be lower compared to the third quarter with four less shipping days and some seasonal slowdown in demand that usually occurs during the Christmas holiday period. As we have indicated in previous third quarter earnings calls, our corrugated products mix will be seasonally less rich in the fourth quarter as the produce business in the Pacific Northwest as well as the display and high-end graphics business for the Christmas holiday period normally falls off during the quarter. However, we do expect overall corrugated products volumes to be slightly higher than last year's record fourth quarter. Additionally, we notified our containerboard customers of a $50 per ton price increase effective October 1 and we also notified our box customers of a box price increase. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $59 million with sales of $293 million or an all-time record 20% margin compared to third quarter 2015 EBITDA of $46 million and sales of $292 million or a 16% margin. Paper segment price and mix was higher than the third quarter 2015 and the second quarter 2016. White paper sales volume was higher and pulp volumes were lower compared to the third quarter of 2015 while both papers sales volume and pulp volumes were up versus the second quarter of 2016. White paper prices improved during either quarter from continued realization of the previously announced price increases. And finally, I want to mention that earlier in the fourth quarter we announced to employees at our Wallula, Washington mill that we will cease soft wood market pulp operations at the mill and permanently shut down the number one machine with pulp capacity of approximately 100,000 tons effective December 1, 2016. We expect margins at the mill and for the Paper segment to improve after completion of our shutdown plans. I will now turn it over to Bob.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Our third quarter 2016 effective tax rate of 35% was about the same as the second quarter and last year's third quarter. We currently expect the fourth quarter 2016 tax rate to be similar to the third quarter at about 35%. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $217 million after deducting $75 million in cash tax payments and $50 million in pension payments. Other uses of cash include capital expenditures of $66 million, common stock dividends totaling $52 million and $27 million in term loan repayments. We ended the quarter with $280 million of cash on hand. I will turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. On October 11, we announce that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Columbus Container Incorporated, an independent corrugated products producer in a cash free, debt-free transaction for a cash purchase price of $100 million. This acquisition is consistent with one of our key strategic focus areas we have discussed many times regarding increasing our vertical integration of containerboard through organic box volume growth and strategic box plant acquisitions. We expect this acquisition to increase our integration by over 30,000 tons and will allow further optimization and enhancement of mill capacity as well as other benefits and synergies that we expect to begin realizing soon after closing. We believe that the acquisition will allow us to further enhance our strong balance sheet, financial results and cash flow consistent with our strategy to return significant value to our shareholders. We're on track to close the acquisition subject to certain customary conditions and regulatory approval later in the fourth quarter and we expect to finance the transaction with available cash on hand. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect seasonally lower volumes for containerboard and corrugated products which includes four less shipping days as well as seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products compared to the third quarter. However, we will have three months of TimBar activity in the fourth quarter versus only one month in the third quarter. In addition, as Tom mentioned, we did communicate price increases to our containerboard and box customers.  While we don't comment on forward pricing, I would note that if the Industry Trade Publication increases the index for containerboard tomorrow, we would realize some of the benefit of a price increase during the fourth quarter but the vast majority of the benefits would be realized in the first quarter of 2017. We expect seasonally lower volumes and a less rich mix in white papers and with colder weather, wood, fuel costs are expected to be seasonally higher along with some price inflation on recycled fiber. Our annual outage costs will also be higher with the scheduled maintenance work at our Filer City, Michigan mill.  Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $1.15 per share and in addition as previously announced, we're on track to close the acquisition of Columbus Container during the fourth quarter.  With that, we would be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the Company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: First question is actually related to TimBar. I was actually quite impressed with the volume increase that you reported basically implying it added 3.2% when you look at the overall and the organic growth with just one month. And as I kind of back into it, I just want to know if I am in the right ZIP Code here? While I think it helps your forward integration by around 200,000 tons as you indicated, it looks like that actually TimBar's cut up is maybe double that and you were already supplying them and therefore that helps us get our arms around some of the synergy opportunities. Is that roughly fair?
Tom Hassfurther: No, I think we indicated before when we talked about TimBar that we were not currently a supplier of TimBar. So all of those tons, that 200,000 tons is what they are bringing to our system.
Chip Dillon: Okay, okay, I got you. And then I guess as you look at Columbus, you mentioned that helps you integrate by about 30,000 tons. Is that also, are you not a supplier to them so that will all be incremental to them?
Mark Kowlzan: Correct. We're not currently a supplier and when we announced the TimBar acquisition, we basically called out that was worth about 6% of integration on an annualized basis and then this 30,000 tons at Columbus would be worth about 1% more integration on an annualized basis.
Chip Dillon: So that should certainly bring you well into the 90s I would think in terms of the overall?
Mark Kowlzan: Correct. If you think about going forward into next year with Columbus and TimBar and with some organic growth at whatever you assume we finish the year with our organic, we're a little bit north of 95% integration in 2017.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Okay. And then just quick follow-up. As you think about 2017 and recognizing that you are bumping up against your capacity at least on the board side, what should we think of CapEx? And would there be any opportunities to wring out more tons out of your mill system next year versus 2016?
Mark Kowlzan: We have obviously been identifying various opportunities for some accelerated creep. We always have a portfolio of opportunities available and with the acquisitions that we have got now, we're involved in, we certainly have a good opportunity to take advantage of some of the opportunities within the containerboard mills. So we will be accelerating some of that through 2017, 2018.  And as you have seen historically for the past 16 years, these are not big amounts of capital. We're talking about $10 million, $20 million type opportunities in particular mills. And so we will call out the specifics on the January call for next year but again, nothing unusual out of that. It would be just what you have seen over 16 years of opportunity spending for a little more creep that we will acquire as time goes on.
Chip Dillon: And then just last one, the white paper results were certainly better I think for the second quarter in a row than what we were looking for and it seems like you really have good operations there. What are your thoughts in terms of next year? Is there any reason that you won't keep the operating efficiencies you have gotten and any thoughts on what your thoughts are long term? Any thoughts on the long term strategic importance of white paper to Packaging Corp?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, it is proven, it is generating a tremendous cash flow for us. It does not require any significant amount of capital to fix anything. The action I called out today on the closure of the pulp machine at Wallula actually helps us focus on the efficiencies of that mill in a much better manner. And so and as we called out almost a year ago back in the fall of 2015, every day we have our engineering and technology organization camped out in these mills along with the legacy containerboard mills working to improve efficiencies. And so I fully expect as we have done through our history we will continue to wring benefits out of cost improvement and efficiency improvements and so very optimistic that we will continue on the path that we have been on. I am very pleased with what the white paper business is doing for us. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: I've got a couple of questions just around pricing. I know this is a sensitive issue so I will try and ask this carefully. But I noticed in the second quarter you guys had pointed to about a $0.04 share drag from lower containerboard and corrugated prices. And in the third quarter it is up to $0.13 which seems like an awfully big quarter to quarter move for that drag. Is there a mix element in there? Can you help us understand what changed just one quarter to the next?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. Yes, there is a mix element in there. Our mix was less rich. There is no question about it so that was some of the impact. The other impact quite frankly is if you really look on the containerboard side on average 3Q of 2015 over 2016, you are talking about on average about a 30% drop in published prices, so down. So if you see that drop, I mean we try to hold off as much as we can but eventually that does impact the pricing containerboard in the domestic market.
Mark Wilde: Okay. The other when I was just curious about, Tom, if we go back to the first quarter there was that reduction in the Trade Paper price on liner of about $15 and there was a lot of commentary then about that drop was not big enough to kind of trigger some of the adjustment features in these box contracts. I am just curious now with containerboard prices slated to go up $50, will you wind up netting the whole $50 or do we need to kind of net some of that 2015 drop earlier against the $50?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, I am not going to get into specifics about our contracts. But I can just tell you that there are a lot of different trigger mechanisms involved in these contracts. So in some cases yes, in some cases no and that is just the nature of those contracts.
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, you've got to appreciate we're dealing with probably 18,000 customers on the corrugated products, containerboard side of the business. Very complex.
Mark Wilde: Okay, understandably. The final question I had is, Mark, just in terms of your ability to kind of creep or debottleneck. Would you care to give us kind of an estimate of what you think is possible over the next two or three years? I think you have talked about 100,000 tons at DeRidder. But in total across the PCA system, what might the potential be?
Mark Kowlzan: I would rather wait until January to call that one. We're currently involved in an analysis right now. It involves capital spending and diminishing returns and where we're best getting our low-cost tons for our capital dollars spent. So we will be prepared to call that one out in January for you but we're confident we have got the capability to supply what corrugated products we will need through 2017 into 2018.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Scott Liebman: This is Scott Liebman in for Mark. Just one quick question for you on Columbus. So we see the acquisition is worth about $100 million and you cited about 30,000 incremental tons that you will be able to integrate through the system. So face value when you compare that to the TimBar transaction, it seems a bit expensive but then when you went through and you showed us the adjusted EBITDA multiples of both, it actually turns out to be cheaper. So if you could talk a little bit just about what makes Columbus a higher margin business and then what about the business is unique and how will that fit into your existing operations?
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to get into the details on that. We consider that proprietary but nevertheless, what attracted us to Columbus it is a very diverse, high-quality book of business that the enterprise has been able to build. Tom, do want to add to that?
Tom Hassfurther: We can't say much because we haven't closed yet. But the other thing is that I would just add they have a 30+ year reputation as being one of the very best in the marketplace. So they've got a great reputation for a long, long period of time.
Scott Liebman: Okay. And then you have talked about this a little bit earlier in the call but just quickly, you guys are known for continuous improvement from an operational efficiency standpoint in both containerboard and white paper. But specifically in containerboard, do you have any bigger projects like some of the energy projects that we have seen you do in the past on the horizon maybe not in the next year but past that that will be able to offset some of the input costs and labor inflation that we saw hit you guys this quarter and in the past?
Mark Kowlzan: The short answer is, yes. Again, we always maintain that portfolio of opportunities and then it is a matter of capital spending. And again, we dusted off the files and we're spending the next month or so to evaluate where these opportunities should be pursued. But again, as we have done for the less 16 years, we've got a nice portfolio of opportunities that will address those very things, energy, fiber consumption. So again, we're confident as we go forward we've got very high return [indiscernible] of capital spending dollars. But we will give you an update in January on this specifically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: I just have two topics I would like to touch on. One is kind of early integration or thoughts of what you are seeing within TimBar? I think as has been discussed, you have talked about 200,000 tons of integration opportunity. If memory serves, you felt you could kind of get there through the end of this year. I just wonder4d how the pace is with that? And then along the lines of Columbus Container as well, how long it takes to integrate those 30,000 tons? Is that something you can do pretty quickly after closing?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I am going to start and then I am going to let Tom finish it up. Again with 200,000 tons, we started moving through very quickly in September and now through this fourth quarter. As we finish up the year, we will have a very small amount that will wind itself in a contract in January but it is literally a few thousand tons. Tom, do you want to add some color to that?
Tom Hassfurther: I would just add that we're only about 30 days into this business but it is certainly delivering exactly what we had hoped for and the integration is going very smoothly. You also asked about Columbus Container and how soon we can integrate. Again, we haven't closed on that yet so that is going to be difficult to speculate but I would anticipate that one will go very smoothly post closing.
Chris Manuel: The second topic I wanted to ask about was the Papers business. When I look sequentially 3Q to 4Q, last year there was quite a drop. It was close to I think $20 million almost down sequentially. The year before it was closer to $10 million, $11 million. I know there is always a lot of moving parts but if you could just give us a sense as to does it look more like last year, does it look more like 2014 with respect to how you would anticipate the Papers business performing in 4Q? Or maybe what some of the factors are that would help us think about that?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me qualify that very simply. Last year we were faced with the very large expensive outage at Jackson Mill. Last year was our year to fix Jackson. We put in a new bottom or a recovery boiler, that was almost a month of downtime on that boiler. We went through the mill from top to bottom and put a lot of corrective action in the facility. So it was an enormous undertaking last year in 2015 so that is what brought that earnings down for the Paper business in the fourth quarter. Bob, do want to quantify that a little bit?
Bob Mundy: Yes, a little bit too on the price side, the price and mix side of things, it was obviously going down whereas this time, Chris, that certainly should not be the case.
Chris Manuel: But it will be down quarter to quarter just due to mix seasonality testing--
Bob Mundy: Yes, you will have your normal seasonality and whatnot. But just keep in mind too, as Mark mentioned, we're shutting down the number one machine at Wallula, the pulp volume which is in our volume numbers too. So that will be a bit of a drag from a volume perspective and if you are just doing a comparison quarter to quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: But the magnitude won't be nearly as significant as what we saw a year ago in 4Q.
Chris Manuel: Maybe just one thought on as you look into 2017 on capital allocation, you have a history of continuing to raise dividends. But how do you feel about balancing between other opportunities you see in front of you with respect to more acquisitions or repurchase? Any thoughts there?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, we're as we talked about earlier through the year and through the summer, we're in growth mode. We will continue to look at high-quality corrugated products acquisitions. We will continue to look at capital spending within the mills and in the box plants that have higher return, high justification. And then again with the generation of cash and where we're with that, we will continue to look at what is meaningful and sustainable in terms of dividends. And so we have a nice balanced approach, nothing has changed and so we will go into next year and we will again be mindful of capital. I don't care how much cash you generate, you can only spend so much capital efficiently and we understand that. So I think again, January earnings call will be the time to talk more specifically about capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Can you provide a little color on how demand trends is tracking in October? And just any thoughts on inventory going into the fourth quarter for you or the broader market? I think there has been some commentary that Hurricane Matthew led to some downtime for perhaps some of your other competitors in the South. Any color on either one of those fronts would be great.
Tom Hassfurther: I'll just talk about Hurricane Matthew real quick. I will take the second half of that real fast. Yes, there was some downtime associated with that, not in our paper mills but as announced in some others. But as far as our impact goes, we did have some plants that were down for a few days. We also had some customers that had facilities down for as much as a week. So there is some impact there. It is yet to be determined what that will be down the road. Mark, do want to handle the--?
Mark Kowlzan: Where we're with the first 10 days again, it is only 10 days through October but in the legacy system we're up 3% and if you put on some TimBar, we're rolling up to basically 6% to 7% for the first 10 days with TimBar included.
Phil Ng: And then I guess just the nature of your box contracts how it works from a pricing standpoint, how much is that simply contractually tied to the movement of PPW versus you actually having to go out there and push [indiscernible] prices? I just want to understand how the mechanics of that and obviously we will be looking at what PPW publishes this Friday but just the mechanics please.
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to get into the details of that. That is all speculative and again as I mentioned earlier, we've got about 18,000 customers, a very complex array of arrangements and agreements and so that is proprietary within our business.
Phil Ng: Just one last one for me just from a downtime standpoint, I mean I guess you called out some potential impact from Matthew for fourth quarter. Any impact for 3Q? And how should we think about year-over-year standpoint just because every year it changes a little bit in terms of just the timing and the magnitude of the downtime whether if you could call out from a tons perspective or maintenance expense standpoint, that would be great.
Mark Kowlzan: Bob, why don't you go ahead on that one?
Bob Mundy: For 2017, we will give you some insight on that, Chris, during the January call.
Phil Ng: And the fourth quarter?
Bob Mundy: The fourth quarter of this year?
Phil Ng: Yes.
Bob Mundy: We had the fiber mill as an outage so that will be moved from 3 to 4, that will be a bit of a drag.
Mark Kowlzan: It was worth $0.03 to us in additional maintenance costs for the quarter.
Phil Ng: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: We called that out. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: I want to come back to the question of vertical integration and paper production recognizing that you are in the process of now reviewing projects and you will have clearly more color for us on the January call. But given your comments today, it would seem like you can run your business more or less as you would like through 2017 and then maybe into 2018. But then at that point a more substantive action would have had to have occurred within your mill system. And I'm just kind of going back through my notes, I think you were answering Mark's question, would you agree with that point or am I putting too fine a point on the discussion?
Mark Kowlzan: This is like revisiting the 2011, 2012 period, we found ourselves that that same high-class problem where integration was approaching the 92% level, 93% level and we were creeping and we looked at the runway and we knew that at the rate of growth that we were anticipating we needed to look at a substantially larger runway containerboard supply, hence Boise fell into the equation. And so we find ourselves back at that type of a thought process. And again, we have got different levers to pull to get there and obviously opportunities including down the road over the next few year's acquisition opportunities for mill assets if they are available and at the right price. A whole host of opportunities could pan out in that regard.
George Staphos: Understood, Mark. On that same line of questioning, if I look at return on capital the last few years after the improvement you got after Boise, return on capital has been relatively flat. That being said, prices for your largest product have been down somewhat and so that masks the comparison. So do you think with the projects that you are looking at organically that the returns on them qualitatively are as good as past projects that you have had? Is the portfolio as robust from a margin or return standpoint as what you have seen in past years? And again, recognizing that you are just beginning to dust off that binder as you put it earlier as we speak?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, you know, you go back over the 20-year history, we have looked at our opportunities as a long term event and a return from a return point of view brings value going forward. So yes, the portfolio that we have for energy projects, general efficiencies are of the same returns that we would expect and the benefits whether it is just pure efficiency improvement or volume capacity improvement. So we remain very judicious in how we evaluate those projects and the returns. And again, that is why you get to a point -- it is no secret you will arrive at a point very quickly if you are not careful of a diminishing return on a project so you can't fall in love with a monster. And that is where you look at some of the underperforming mill assets that are available as we have a reputation for being extremely good operators. And we've got a team of people that we can move in place and deal with this. So again, that is how we look at the world. But we've got great opportunities with our capital spending as we go forward but we're mindful of what the limits are.
George Staphos: Last question for me. Just as we look at the fourth quarter guidance and recognizing some of these points you may not want to talk to specifically to if at all, with that as a caveat, what should we infer from your guidance in terms of what you might have built in for incremental D&A given the TimBar acquisition? Specific to TimBar again recognizing you didn't call it out so our guess is you don't want to speak too specifically to the accretion that you are getting from that.  Would fourth quarter TimBar accretion be more substantive than what you saw in the third quarter just because you have more months or would there be any reasons why it wouldn't be as accretive to you 4Q versus 3Q? And on pricing, I just want to be clear would it be fair to say you have some impact of positive pricing in your fourth quarter guidance, Mark, without getting too specific? Whatever you can share there would be helpful. Thank you, guys.
Tom Hassfurther: Again on the TimBar piece, the answer is yes, we do expect to see improved contribution. We're not going to quantify that for you but we did say that earlier. So the answer is yes, we should and would expect to see an improvement. On the other question, Bob, do you want to get into that one on price?
Bob Mundy: Yes, on your question was on price about, yes. We certainly as Tom has indicated, we have announced price increases to our containerboard and our box customers. And so yes, so we may have to have an assumption for what we think that will do for us for the fourth quarter.
George Staphos: Okay and the incremental D&A 3Q to 4Q, if you can put a finer point on that, guys? Thank you.
Bob Mundy: It will be up slightly, nothing large but it will be up just a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on George's question, understanding you can't talk about forward pricing. When you look at previous box price increases, how many months after the board hike assuming we get it October 1, how many months before you achieve kind of the full run rate price improvement that you ultimately were able to achieve? Is it possible to say?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I'm going to lead Tom talk around that again. Obviously for antitrust reasons, we're careful about what we say. But, Tom, do want to go ahead?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Anthony, let me see if I can just summarize this to kind of get the complete answer to this question at least from PCA's point of view. Whenever there is a price increase as we have talked about in the past, we take an incredibly disciplined approach to that. And although we haven't had an increase in some 3.5 years, we certainly haven't forgotten how to be very disciplined in our efforts. We have notified our containerboard customers of the $50 per ton increase effective 10-1 and we began billing 10-1. We also notified our box customers of a box price increase effective 10-1. The implementation of that increase is underway but as you know, we have a number of accounts that are large accounts that are tied to contracts primarily pulp and paper and those contracts have various trigger mechanisms. They will roll in primarily over the next 90 days. So I can't break it out specifically about what is going to happen each single month but just rest assured that providing this thing goes as we plan, we will primarily get most of it over the 90-day period.
Anthony Pettinari: Maybe just following up on Columbus Container. There was some news over the summer they purchased some land in Indiana and were planning a major expansion project. I think they flagged up to $30 million. Is that project attractive to you? Does it factor into one of the reasons that you are purchasing them? Can we add it to 2017 CapEx? Any kind of thoughts there?
Mark Kowlzan: You know what, obviously that is proprietary. We're not going to get into that plus again as Tom mentioned earlier, we haven't completed the acquisition yet so we're not in a position to talk about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: First question was really just around your external shipments within the packaging business in the quarter. You said they were up 15,000 tons. I think before you were pulling back a little bit from the export market to supply your domestic business. But just trying to figure out there was there some sort of pre-buy ahead of the $50 announced price increase or any shift in strategy around external shipments of containerboard there?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me start that and Tom can finish it up. When you come out of first and second quarter of the year, we're heavy into the annual shutdown so intentionally pull back and trim back some of the outside sales to make sure that our own box plants are well supplied. Coming out of that period of time in the July, August, September period, mills are running full so we virtually have a full capacity system up and running and we have more supply available to the market. And it just so happened that we had the orders and we had the supply so we were able to accommodate that. Tom, do want to add some color to that?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, listen, we have in some cases running full, we're just trying to stay up with demand and there is really very little room for extra tons to be bought prior to this price increase. So I don't see any creep either.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. I guess when I look at box shipments, this is industry data, food and beverage is about 50% of the overall industry shipments and most food producers have been dealing with 18 months of deflationary issues on their input costs. And now we've got on the board a $50 price increase in containerboard and maybe that is a 7% to 8% price increase on the corrugated side of the business. What gives you confidence that they would be willing to accept a price increase at this point in time given the other input cost deflation?
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to get into that. That is speculative and we can't talk about that.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Just one last one then just around the price increase, you noted obviously the effective date October 1 for the containerboard. On the corrugated, you don't give an exact date. Is that because you are out negotiating with these 18,000 customers on various timeframes? Is that why you don't have a point estimate of the increase date?
Tom Hassfurther: I did give you, Scott, an increase date. We notified our box customers of a box price increase effective 10-1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: I wanted to talk -- just I will ignore price for a second -- I want to talk a little bit just about mix. I do think you did actually guide to lower price and mix quarter-over quarter year-over-year and some of that was expected. But the mix I get the impression was maybe a little bit worse. And I wanted to understand if that was your experience or also if that is something that should be sustainable going forward if there is a mix shift in your business overall?
Tom Hassfurther: Debbie, mix can move all over the map quite frankly. There is not any big dramatic change other than the fact you might have graphic sales that move up earlier in the year, later in the year depending on any given year. Also with the Boise acquisition, we picked up a large segment of ag business that we didn't have in the past up in the Pacific Northwest and that business moves quite dramatically too especially in the quarter as the crops come in. And depending on weather conditions, etcetera. they suffered a severe drought in the previous year, that impacted some crops this year as well. So those are the sorts of things that can occur but there is nothing you can read into that that says there is some dramatic mix shift permanently going forward.
Debbie Jones: So if I were to look to Q4 or the first half of next year, I shouldn't look to be modeling in a lower mix in your corrugated business?
Tom Hassfurther: Whatever the demand comes in is what the demand comes in. I can't predict weather changes, I can't predict what retailers decide to do regarding displays, etc. So it is very difficult to predict but it is a moving target. But overall over the long period of time, it usually evens out.
Debbie Jones: So your guidance in fourth quarter though is for kind of a stable mix?
Mark Kowlzan: What we called out was a normal seasonal downturn in mix. We always see a fairly big drop off in the November, December months.
Debbie Jones: Just last question, you talked about potentially looking forward that you may need to look to acquire some mill assets. Are there assets available for you that make sense in your system just given where your capacity is on the box plant side? If you could just comment on what you see there?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I don't want to get into any speculations there. Again we know there are always opportunities that exist and we have a lot of flexibility in how we approach that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Steve Chercover: I doubt this would be an effective counter strategy but I am wondering if any of your customers have said they would shop their tons or their business to avoid the price hike?
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to talk about that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with ROE Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman: I apologize for beating a dead horse but you did talk about being in growth mode and that you would consider looking at other corrugated acquisitions. How hard and fast I guess is your low 90s integration target in that perspective? I mean if another TimBar came up would you be comfortable doing it even if it meant that you had to buy board on the market without kind of an obvious near term outlet for internalizing that?
Mark Kowlzan: I am going to answer that theoretically. If another TimBar high-quality opportunity came along, we would certainly go after that aggressively like we did with TimBar. We have means to acquire the tons and we're comfortable with where we're so that is how I want to answer it.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about the export markets? I think you mentioned pricing was relatively sequentially stable, is that something that you are seeing continuing into the fourth quarter?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I will give you a little update on the export market. South America, Latin America, Mexico, we have announced a price increase in those markets. Overall demand is improving there. Europe is stable both regarding demand and price. Asia demand is slightly lower but everyday pricing wise is fairly stable. So globally I think you can say that it is fairly stable with the exception of some markets that are tending to move up.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Just last couple of questions on costs. The freight improvement that you have been posting the last couple of quarters, how much of that is from internal initiatives versus I guess external factors? What trends do you see moving forward over the next quarter or two?
Mark Kowlzan: A significant portion of that is just from our own internal optimization efforts and how we have set up our lanes and will work with the various facilities and various carriers. The majority of that is our own initiative.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Would you expect to see continued freight savings moving forward just based on what the market dynamics are doing?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, there is a lot of moving pieces to that so it would be just speculation.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Can you break down your fiber trends a little bit between recycled and wood and I guess particularly, what you are seeing in would costs?
Mark Kowlzan: Wood has been fairly flat. Again you will get into the seasonal variations with winter weather activity depending on if there extreme moisture within regions. Other than that, we're just into the normal seasonal uptick. Recycle obviously has moved up. If you go year-over-year with what recycled fiber has done, we're up obviously. And so recycled fiber obviously becomes a much more significant cost item on our radar than been virgin fiber.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Just one last quick one. The uncertainty you referenced around the hurricane, I presume in terms of Packaging Corp that is baked into the guidance that you have given the 115 for the fourth quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Chip Dillon.
Chip Dillon: A couple of questions related to the industry. One is there has been a very definite dichotomy in the last three years between the box shipments and square feet and the consumption of the board reported by the FDA to make those square feet. Since we measure capacity and production in tons and supply, I imagine we should at least consider the demand in tons and so far this year, it is about a 1% difference. So the boxes are getting heavier out there and I didn't know if you could offer your thoughts as to why that is happening? Secondly, it looks like when you back into the unaccounted for tons, the amount has, it looks like the in-transit inventories have really come in really hard in the last couple of months and I didn't know if you were seeing that in your system with delivery schedules, etc.?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead and handle that first part on the bases weights and box weights?
Tom Hassfurther: Industry data which showed that the boxes have stayed the same or gotten slightly lighter over a period of time. If there has been any short term trend or anything like that, that just revolves around some short term demand trends, Chip. But I don't, I think that we continue, we get a lot of comparisons with Europe and this sort of stuff then why is the U.S. doing certain things? We have talked about this in the past. We make board basically to perform to whatever standards that the customer needs it to perform to and we have a completely different distribution system, different warehousing system, etc. than virtually any place in the world. So it puts a lot of requirement on that box to perform. But I think that from a basis weight standpoint, it has gotten slightly lighter over a longer period of time period of time.
Chip Dillon: I know that is true for the weight of the board, that is true but the boxes are clearly getting heavier, you can see in the FBA data and I just wonder if with lighter weight board you have weaker board and you got to use more plies and therefore the irony is with the lighter weight board are the boxes out there getting heavier because people have to double and triple wall since they are using on the margin lower quality board or is that not something you are seeing?
Mark Kowlzan: It doesn't apply to us number one because we're not producing that kind of board or using that kind of board in the marketplace. I am sure in the case of 100% recycled sheets and 100% recycled liner board, there is a definite possibility you might have to use a lot more fiber in order to get the performance. So if that is your case, that is probably true. It is just not impacting PCA because we're not in that market.
Chip Dillon: And then on the transit inventory?
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding that question, we really don't have a good answer for you on that. We look at that also in the same way you do and we don't fully understand what that number implies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Just a couple of clarifications. First off, I believe you indicated that 4Q maintenance outage expense would be $0.03 higher than 3Q. Is that correct?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
Mark Weintraub: Second, in answer to one of the questions on the timing of how containerboard flows through into boxes, maybe I misheard but I thought you referenced a box price increase for 10-1. I believe that would be a board price increase for 10-1 not a box price increase. I don't think that was to be referenced 10-1. Am I correct there?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, this is Tom. We announced both container board and boxes for 10-1.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, interesting. And then when you were talking about -- there was a question on pre-buy and you basically suggested that from your perspective were basically no tons available out there. So is it fair to say you would characterize current conditions in the industry as quite tight?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I didn't say that there wasn't a pre-buy. We just didn't really perceive it as pre-buy. And yes, if you want to go back to operating rates, if you think about what the latest FDA numbers are and the industry numbers for operating rates and where we're operating, we're operating both.
Mark Weintraub: And then also I just was trying to make sure I understood there was a reference earlier about that $0.04 move in the impact from corrugated pricing and mix in the second quarter and then $0.13 in the third quarter. And the answer to the question, I apologize for asking for you to repeat it again, but I heard a reference to $30 per ton or something but I believe the liner price is now $15 per ton and pulp and paper. So I wasn't quite sure if I again misheard on that one?
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, liner is down 15 over that period and medium is down 60. So if you average those you have got a downturn of $30 a ton Q3 over Q3.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great.
Tom Hassfurther: That is how much the published price is.
Mark Weintraub: Understood. So hence the reference to the domestic board sales that you would have because you are obviously selling both liner and medium. And I realize this may be competitive and you don't want to answer it fine but box prices, are they typically tied to a combination of the two or more to liner, can it be all over the place?
Tom Hassfurther: Again we have said many times whatever we do price-wise is between us and our customers. So we really don't comment on that.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today and look forward to talking with you in January for the full-year and the fourth quarter earnings update. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. With me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results, and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who'll provide further details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported record second quarter net income of $116 million or a record $1.23 per share. Second quarter net income included special items with $1.8 million. Excluding the special items, second quarter 2016 net income was a record $118 million or a record $1.25 per share compared to the second quarter 2015 net income of $116 million or $1.18 per share. Second quarter net sales were $1.42 billion in 2016 and $1.45 billion in 2015. Total company EBITDA, excluding special items, was $290 million for the quarter compared to $287 million in last year's second quarter. Details of special items for the quarter were included in the schedule that accompanied our earnings press release. Second quarter 2016 earnings per share excluding special items were $0.07 per share above the second quarter of 2015, driven primarily by higher corrugated product volume, $0.04; lower cost for energy, $0.06; fiber, $0.05; freight, $0.04; and the lower share count resulting from the share repurchases for $0.04. These items were partially offset by lower domestic containerboard and corrugated products price and mix of $0.04; lower containerboard export prices, $0.03; lower containerboard domestic and export volume of $0.04; lower pulp volume, $0.02; and lower paper and pulp prices and mix, a $0.01, and higher depreciation and other fixed costs $0.02. Earnings were also $0.07 per share above our second quarter guidance of a $1.18 per share. This was primarily the result of slightly better results in several areas including pricing and mix with both Packaging and Paper segments each coming in $0.01 per share better. Also, higher volume of $0.01 per share and cost for freight, fiber, energy and chemicals, all coming in about $0.01 per share lower than our guidance. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter 2016 of $267 million with sales of $1.25 billion resulted in improved margins of 23.7% versus last year's EBITDA of $267 million and sales of $1.142 billion or a 23.4% margin. We successfully completed the scheduled maintenance outages at our Counce, Tennessee, and Tomahawk, Wisconsin mills, as well the number two semi-chem medium machine at our Wallula, Washington mill. Operationally, we had an outstanding quarter as we continue to see very good results from our numerous cost improvement initiatives as well as from our logistics and trade optimization efforts across our Packaging business platform. Containerboard production was 926,000 tons, and our containerboard inventories were about flat with the end of the first quarter of 2016, as well as the end of last year's second quarter and are at an appropriate level to meet our seasonally stronger third quarter demand. And now I'm going to turn it over Tom who is going to provide more details on the containerboard sales and the corrugated businesses. Tom?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Thank you, Mark. Corrugated product shipments set all-time records for both total shipments as well as shipments per day. With one additional workday in the second quarter 2016, our shipments were up 2.2% in total, and up 0.6% per workday compared to the record second quarter of 2015. As a comparison, the industry was up 1.8% in total, and 0.3% on a workday basis. To support our corrugated products volume growth during the annual maintenance outages, we've reduced our outside sales of containerboard by about 12,000 tons below last year's second quarter and about 8,000 tons below the first quarter of this year. Both domestic and export volumes were lower versus each comparative period. Export prices were about 8% below second quarter 2015 levels or $0.03 per share at about 3% lower than the first quarter of this year. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.04 per share below the second quarter of 2015 and up, compared to the first quarter of 2016. I will now turn it back to Mark. Mark?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items, in the second quarter was $39 million with sales of $267 million or 14.5% margin compared to the second quarter of 2015 EBITDA of $37 million and sales of $281 million or a 13.2% margin. Paper segment price and mix was lower than the second quarter of 2015 but $12 per ton higher than the first quarter of 2016. White paper sales volume was up slightly and pulp volume was lower compared to the second quarter of 2015 while volumes of both white paper and pulp was lower than the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to the scheduled annual outages at two of the mills. Both of the scheduled outages were completed successfully and the mills ran exceptionally well during the quarter with very good costs. White paper prices began to improve late in the second quarter as a result of the announced paper price increase. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob Mundy.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Mark. We had a very good strong free cash flow generation in the second quarter with cash provided to operations of $180 million, CapEx of $69 million resulting in free cash flow of $111 million for the quarter. We paid common stock dividends totaling $52 million, made a $2 million scheduled term loan repayment, and we had no share repurchases during the second quarter. We ended the quarter with $214 million of cash on hand. And finally, our scheduled annual outage cost will be lower in the third quarter than the original guidance we provided earlier in the year, as we can now operate our Jackson, Alabama paper mill into the first quarter of 2017, before an outage is necessary. Our new guidance for annual outage costs for the balance of the year is $0.09 per share in the third quarter and $0.11 per share in the fourth quarter or a total of $0.42 per share for the year versus the $0.49 per share we guided to earlier. I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bob. On July 6, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of TimBar Corporation, a large independent corrugated products producer, in a cash-free, debt-free transaction for a cash purchase price of $386 million. This acquisition is consistent with one of the key strategic focus areas we've discussed many times regarding increasing our vertical integration of containerboard to above 90% through organic box volume growth and strategic box plant acquisition. We expect this acquisition to increase our integration by over 200,000 tons or 6% from our current level of 87% and will allow for further optimization and enhancement of our mill capacity, and other substantial benefits and synergies that we expect to begin realizing soon after closing. It comes in an excellent time following our recently completed integration of Boise, including the capacity we now have at the DeRidder, Louisiana mill. We believe that this acquisition will allow us to further enhance our strong balance sheet, financial results and cash flow consistent with our strategy to return significant value to our shareholders. We're on track to close the acquisition, subject to certain customary conditions and regulatory approval later in the third quarter, and we expect to finance the transaction with a new term loan. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher containerboard, corrugated products and white paper shipments, and paper prices should move higher reflecting continued realization of the announced paper prices. Also, as Bob mentioned earlier, our annual outage costs will be lower than our original guidance as a result of moving our Jackson, Alabama paper mill outage into the first quarter of 2017. We do expect a less rich mix for corrugated products and higher prices for recycled fiber, electricity and natural gas. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings of $1.30 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions but I must remind you, some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Sure. Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chip.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First question is, looking at TimBar. Just from what I gather looking at industry returns in the box business, and I know they vary tremendously, but it seems like that the attractiveness of integrating vertically just continues to increase. Is it fair to say that maybe half of the EBITDA you expect over time will actually come not from what you're buying but from the improvements you'll get after you buy them?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Chip, let me start this off and then I'm going to have Tom add a little color to TimBar. I'm not going to quantify that exactly but your premise is correct. A very, very large portion of the contribution will come from the 200,000 plus tons that we're able to pass through the system. Again, it's very valuable in that regard. And then a smaller portion would come from synergy-type activity in terms of integrating the actual business. And then the tax step-up opportunities along with the EBITDA we're buying. But keep in mind, it's an extremely high quality, diverse book of business, a high-margin book of business. So, Tom, do you want to add any color to that one?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Well, I would just say, Chip, that I think one of things that – yes, you're right, and you're close to right in terms of the EBITDA contribution coming from both areas. But to assure that EBITDA, and this is why we're so disciplined in these acquisitions, you've got to have a great culture so it's got to fit very well. They've got great people and a great leadership team and, as Mark mentioned, a very, very good customer base. It's also geographically a good fit for us and solid assets as well. So, all-in-all, I mean, we've got great confidence that this is going to be a terrific acquisition for us.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, a second one, just – we've noticed that in this year, despite some of the, I guess, lower realizations for kraft linerboard in the export markets that exports are up. But as we dig through the numbers, it looks like that the actual kraft linerboard exports are down, and you're seeing the total number go up because we're sending more recycled, medium, and other grades offshore, at least as an industry. Is that a reflection of some of the quality issues you think that we're seeing with some of the recent recycled additions, or do you have any other view on that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me start this out, Chip, this is Mark. Again, I think as you've seen the consolidation taking place in the last couple of years, and you read what you and others have been publishing, obviously the integrated tons have grown. And so, today, there is probably 92% of all of the containerboard tons passing through integrated activity. So it's becoming less and less in terms of an outlet for independent mini mill type activity to move their tons through. So, as we stated, we – in order to accommodate our own needs, we took tons out of the export and domestic outside sales to support our own growth activity. But, again, I think it's safe to say that there is less of an outlet domestically as more and more tons are passing through integrated activity. Tom, you want to go ahead and elaborate?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: I don't have really a lot to add to that. I think Mark is absolutely correct. I mean, you've just got to look at the supply and say supply is going to gravitate to where the demand is and most of the demand is tied up with integrated and we're much more performance oriented, of course here in the U.S. The kraft linerboard meets that criteria. So I think you're going to have a lot more here. I think you also have some situations where some people have decided to supply their own facilities out of this country with their own linerboard and they will determine what grades they want to supply. So I think that's what you are seeing. Really, export demand is relatively stable.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I see. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. June, the numbers for the industry were very robust. I was hoping to get a sense as to how July has been looking for you and whether you feel there has been a shift in tenor in the market in the last month or so?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Tom, why don't you go ahead and provide that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Well, Mark, the first10 days of July our billings are up about 1.5%. So we're off to a decent start. It's a little money to get started in July just because of the way that 4th fell. So it's – when it falls on a weekend like that it's tough to get a really good take on where things are headed. But I think we're off to a pretty good start.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And is there a different feel to the market given what we've been seeing from the overall industry data the last six weeks to eight weeks, or is it more a continuation of how you've been experiencing the market year-to-date?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Mark. This is Mark again. I think what we're seeing as we went through the second quarter and what we're seeing these couple of weeks after the holiday is it's flat. Again, we're pleased to see the numbers where they are at this stage in July, but other than that no other color to add to that one.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And kind of the in the weed question. So $0.42 I think is now the revised expectation for maintenance and outage cost this year. Would you consider that to be a fairly standard number or a bit below normal? I think it was much in the high 50s if I remember last year.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Mark, that number – now that we've got a lot of integration activity behind us, that number is going to float depending on the extent of an annual shutdown, work that has to be done on our mill. And so, in an example too, we have the capability as well as others in the industry to move shutdowns into the following year. So we're not tied to necessarily a 12-month window. And so, there is a range somewhere within that $0.40 range, unless we call out some unusual type of maintenance activity that would occur.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark, Tom, Bob.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Mark.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Is it possible, Mark, to get some sense on TimBar of how the benefits will roll through, just from a kind of a timing standpoint? In other words, how quickly can you bring things like those board purchases in-house?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, if you assume we get this closed by the end of the third quarter, we'll be able to immediately start moving tons through and our plans would be to have this heavily integrated by the end of the year. Tom, do you want to?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: I will just add, Mark, that as you will – as you could probably well imagine, TimBar has contracts that they've got out there that we will honor. So, some of those roll out by the end of the year but the great majority of it we'll be able to accomplish in the fourth quarter, I would expect.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Okay. That's exactly what I was hoping to pickup. And just on the converting side, you've been buying converting businesses, increasing your integration. I wonder though, Tom, could you also talk about what you might be doing in the way of just investment in your existing converting operations? I mean, we hear a lot from other players over the last five years or six years about investments in mega plants and EVOLs and things like that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Yeah. Mark, this is Tom again. Yeah, we continue – as has been our tradition at PCA, we have consistently spent what we consider to be the correct amount of CapEx to reinvest in our businesses to stay up with the trends, to stay up with our ability to be a very low cost producer, and to meet the demands of the customers that we have. And, of course, one of our mantras for doing this is that we don't just build it and hope they will come. We do what our customers need and we're very responsive to that. So, I'm not going to go into great detail obviously on this call about all the things that we've done, but rest assured, we're doing all the things that we need to do.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then the last question I had is, Mark, can you put any more color around, what you are expecting in – from input cost pressures in the second half, we can see that OCC prices have been ticking up for the last three months here. And I think, things like natural gas are up as well?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Yeah. Primarily, we're talking about three buckets that we've been watching and that's our recycled fiber, OCC, DLK prices moving up as they have this year. And then, the natural gas, year-over-year, pretty obvious that a year ago, we were down at the low point and it's moved up now. And so, when you look at that, transportation elements we're watching what's going on there, even though there hasn't been a big move, we are seeing some of the Class 1 railroads already raising rates. And then, there are other, the seasonal electric, summer-time electric rate spike in increased activity through the July-August period and September depending on weather conditions around the country. So again, for the first time in the last year and a half or so, we're seeing some of the inflationary activity that we're watching closely.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. If I could come back to the question of exports for just a second, it's pretty clear that other producers are looking at that business differently than they used to and we're not seeing the level of export sensitivity, the FX rates that we used to see. Is that changing the way you think about the strategic value of exports for PCA? And then, a second question on white paper. The label paper business was a strategic move for Boise a number of years back. And I'm curious, how important the specialty grades are to you in the context of your white paper mix?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. First question regarding the currency and export, I mean, we view again our exports, we have legacy export customer base for 25 years. We ship products out to about 35 different countries around the world. And so, obviously exports remain little less than 10% of our total production. That being said, as Tom continues to grow his own integration level higher, we have an internal meet. That's our best use of a ton produced. And so, again, it's been easier for us to look at where to best place those tons to capture the best margin as we see in the currency swing over the last year. Regarding that second part of the question, the specialty business the release liner grade, the coated business, especially – primarily from the Wallula machine now. It's proved to be good business for us. We've done a tremendous amount of grade development and refinement over the last two years, and with the other improvements we've built into the mill. It's again label business primarily performing very well. And label, in general, still grows with the GDP. So, as long as GDP continues to move forward with label business, which is a bulk of that, release specialty coated business continues to move forward. So, it's a pretty good little business for us in the Paper segment.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Would you have any thoughts of moving further into specialty?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: As we said over the last couple of years, we are primarily a corrugated products business, and we are going to stay concentrated in that. We are not really compelled to grow that business as much as just nurture what we have and take advantage of the EBITDA contribution from the Paper business. Keep in mind that in today's world it's probably 15%, 16% or so of our total annualized EBITDA but it does generate a nice cash flow for us and doesn't require an awful lot of capital to maintain right now. So, I guess, a long way of saying, I would not have preference to explore expansion in that area.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Super helpful. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I have a question that I recognize you may not be able to answer, but I'm going to try it anyway with TimBar. Obviously, this is a great acquisition for you guys strategically, not much to criticize. But as you pointed out, the industry is far more integrated. I think you pointed to 92%. Does that concern you at all just broadly speaking about how PPW now has a much smaller set or sample size to measure when trying to determine what industry pricing is. And I just think it's important just considering that impacts a lot of your contracts and the industry contracts going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, I'm going to say a few things and then I'll let Tom add some color, but again, I think it's that issue that there is a mechanism in place and how that mechanism functioned is – it's again that's – pulp and paper has utilized that base. And so, rather than getting into any forward discussion about pricing or speculation, I'd rather, again to your point, not even go there. Tom, I think, you feel the same way.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Yeah. I do and I mean obviously, they're not a lot of other alternatives and pulp and paper has been over the long haul seems to get it right. Now, there are times – there are times when we would disagree but we'll have to see what happens going forward. I think the most important thing is that pulp and paper reports the news as opposed to trying to make the news. So, we'll just see what transpires going forward. But your observation is correct. It is a smaller segment on that open market.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And my second question, I just wanted to understand in your guidance, what do you have rolling through on white paper, just what has been put through so far by PPW, and kind of just thoughts going forward on whether or not there could be more to come?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Debbie, you know, if you think about our business and what has been announced by the publications, on the printing and converting grades, the announcement was made for a $60 increase in March, and the index has picked up $10 in April and $15 in May and $5 in June for a total of $30, as reported in the latest update. On office papers, that announcement was for April, to be commencing in May. And so, again the index has picked up $5 in May and $5 in June. So, that's what basically will be tied to contract paper sale. And also understanding that in our Paper business roughly 65% of our uncoated free sheet is tied to contracts. And so, the balance of it is not tied to contracts. So, we have a heavy portion of that that is tied to these indices.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Energy prices were up sequentially. Impressive you saw that type of cost savings on the energy line and transportation. How much of that is being just more efficient now, and is that kind of cost saving sustainable in light of some of the moves that we're seeing in nat gas prices?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think to your point, as we continue to improve not only the white paper mills but the folks that run the brown business containerboard mills are always out making improvements year after year in fuel utilization in terms of consumption efficiencies. And so, we have reaped the benefits year after year on how we utilize our fuels. But that being said, natural gas, as an example, bottomed out a year ago, and so now it's moving up. So, Bob, do you want to add anything?
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. I think what you said is exactly right. That's how I would see things going forward.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And, I guess, even post TimBar, based on our math at least, your balance sheet still looks pretty strong and integration is going to be pretty high. Can you just talk about how you rank your capital deployment priorities from here on out, M&A? And how does that look on a converting front or is there more opportunity now on the Paper side of things?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, concentrating on the corrugated products side of the business, that's our highest margin, highest opportunity area to concentrate on in terms of capital utilization. And so, we would continue, as Tom is always doing, looking at opportunities in box plant acquisitions. And also he said something important earlier, how he grows his existing business organically with the existing customers. So, I think again, prioritizing the use of cash and capital, it's Tom's corrugated business and high margin activity within the corrugated business. And so, Tom, do you want to add anything to that? I mean, that's....
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Phil, I would just say that we will still be very disciplined in our hurdle rates that we have for our M&A activity, and also grow our CapEx. That's not going to change. And as we get to – our integration level gets up to a point where we're a little bit capacity constrained, obviously, we're not going to have quite the synergies for some of those acquisitions but that doesn't mean we won't do them if they're right for the business.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. That's actually a good segue to what I was going to ask next. Once you integrate TimBar, how much more capacity do you guys have on the board side of things? Do you need – is it like one year's less (32:35) runway? And once you are tapped out, are you guys looking at M&A or is there organic opportunities internally for you to kind of produce more tons?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not going to answer that specifically, but as we've always done, we always have the ability to creep and to stretch our capability, that the technology organization, and the group that runs the containerboard mills are always challenged to produce more when Tom needs it. And so, we have a portfolio of capital items and improvement plans in the files on how we will go forward over the next couple of years to support Tom's growth needs. And so, we're comfortable for the time being, the next couple of years. And don't forget, as we did back in 2012, we still have the lower margin export tons to move through Tom's higher margin book of business as he needs. So we've got a few years to do this.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Really helpful. Thanks a lot.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Good morning.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, when I look at the vertical integration, I think you said – I mean, you didn't get specific but you said 87% now plus 6% from TimBar. So assuming somewhere in the low 90s on an integration level. I mean, where was the integration level for the company as a whole before you did the Boise acquisition?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We were at that low 90%, 92%, 93% level when we did Boise, and it was the same opportunity metrics we looked at as far as how are we going to support Tom's growth trajectory over a longer period of time and Boise presented a tremendous opportunity to do just what we've done over the last three years.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And maybe a different question there just on the vertical integration. I mean – and you mentioned before, TimBar had some high-margin business that came along with it. Is there the potential to prune maybe some lower margin business from the portfolio, and vertically integrate with more higher margin business going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're not going to comment on that question.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's proprietary.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Fine. Then, when I look at the organic growth rate, I know I've asked this one before, but you said you were up 0.6% on a per workday basis in the quarter, the industry was up 0.3%. So, organically your level of growth relative to the market is narrowed somewhat. How long do you think you can continue to outgrow the market organically on a go-forward basis excluding any sort of additional vertical integration?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Obviously, I can't answer that. All I can say is that's Tom's challenge every day of the week and it's been his challenge for years, and that's what we're going to continue to do, and that's how we look at the world. And I would be terribly disappointed if we didn't continue to perform in that manner.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess, maybe asked a different way, has it become more difficult to outgrow the market at this point in time?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say that. Again, it's – I don't want to comment on that.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one for me. Just on inventories, you noted that they were flat sequentially, flat year-over-year, I think is what you said. I thought in some previous comments, maybe on the last call, you noted that inventories could come down just based on better freight availability. Has that not been the case during the quarter or is it something – some other sort of dynamic played out?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've commented that we're in a range that we're very comfortable with supporting comps business. And if you go back to what we called out last fall that we – because of the DeRidder success, we did not have the need to have to grow inventory, and build inventory in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we're quite pleased with the fact that we went through all of our annual shutdowns in the first quarter and second quarter, and not only supported Tom's business but maintained a range of containerboard inventory that we feel is where we need to be, plus or minus for the corrugated. And so, it goes back to the fact that even though transportation availability and cost for transportation had abated and the availability improved in the last two years, nevertheless, our footprint with Boise and acquisition activity is a nationwide footprint. We called this out before. So, we're mindful of that and again this range we're in for the last year now is a good range that we identified. But also keep in mind that as we integrate TimBar, they do have the corrugating plants that we're going to have to support. So, it will be a reevaluation of what is the right inventory level to support a much bigger full-line corrugating system.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations on a strong quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Chris.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a couple questions, follow up question for you. Most of the stuff I wanted to ask has kind of been answered. But first on the Papers side of the business, is there any reason that perhaps, and again, I appreciate you don't like to comment so much on forward-looking pricing but is there any reason that the white paper side might not kind of work out the way that the specialty paper side did in that it kind of takes two months, three months, four months to trickle through pricing. I mean, we're kind of a couple of months into that. But any reason to suspect that we couldn't continue to see a little more of the increase that most of the participants announce get realized?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I want to speculate on it. That's forward pricing speculation that's some place that we don't need to go there. I guess, we just have to wait and see what RISI, Paper Trader, what the indexes call out.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. So, thank you. Let me skip ahead to the – you had a few questions around how you balance tons on a future basis from an allocation standpoint. So, if you kind of – as TimBar gets fully put together out in 2017 and integrated into your network, as you would sit today, it would look like either you'd stop selling so much to the domestic guys, or you could stop exporting kind of one or the other. If I'm getting this or putting this together right, it sounds more like if some place gets shorted, you prefer to kind of pull back out the export market. Is that a fair way of thinking that or how do you balance...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. There's a couple of ways to do that. I mean, you are looking at what's your ultimate margin per ton in terms of where you are placing those containerboard tons that we produce. And if the math tells you to go ahead and sell one less ton and move it through Tom's system, that's what you do. And so, there is another element to that and it also as we did in the 2012 period – 2013, we were buying some tons in the open market where it made sense. So, if it makes sense for us to buy tons in the open market and still sell some tons offshore, again, it's a tradeoff of margins and how it flows through the bottom line. So, we've got that trigger to pull.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then last question I had, and again I know you don't like to get super granular with this stuff, but was there any kind of differential either geographically, regionally, et cetera with how your box shipments and volumes were through the quarter? Was it a little better in certain regions of the country versus others? Anything, variance even month-to-month. It seems like the things got better as the quarter progressed – that you could share with us?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'm going to let Tom to put some color on that one.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Yeah, Chris. You're right. It did get better as the quarter progressed. And regionally, most of our regional trends come from what's happening in ag business in various parts of the country or something like that. Beyond that it's relatively steady.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: But the ag business was – I mean, how would you characterize that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Good in some parts, and not so good in other parts, and mostly weather related.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, guys. Thank you very much and good luck on the go-forward.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Regarding M&A, you obviously, have a great history with box plant acquisitions. Given that the independents are maybe now 8% of the market, are there still converting assets out there that are attractive or when you look at asset quality and valuation, are there not really many opportunities left there? And then just continuing on the M&A side, would we ever see, Packaging Corp book at other substrates, I'm, thinking, folding cartons or box board, and then also other geographies outside of the U.S.?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The first part of the question – obviously with the activity on box plant acquisitions over the last couple of years, the opportunities have become less, but nevertheless, there are opportunities that will always be there. And Tom is aware of what's out there, and we're pretty particular as we have proven to be over the last number of years in what we're interested in, and what we're willing to pay for. And so, again, that's the best way to answer that. Folding carton, that's just speculation. I mean, I don't even want to get into that dialogue. We're going to – as I said earlier, we are primarily a corrugated products business and that's what we do well and that's what we will remain concentrated in.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And in terms of overseas or outside of the U.S. interest level there?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Again, we're U.S. based and I think the U.S. is the place to be.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And just the last one export pricing, understanding that exports are a small part of your business and are probably going to get smaller. The July Pulp & Paper Week pricing data seemed to show some stability in export pricing. I'm just wondering if, maybe Tom, if you could give any color in terms of what you're seeing in the export markets that you're serving?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Yes. I would agree with you. Anthony. The prices have stabilized. We have currency issues that remain. Of course, the biggest being in the UK which is a very, very small piece of our business and there is pricing – increased activity going on there and we've announced it actually as well and that's mainly to cover this enormous currency change that took place with Brexit.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate you taking my questions, most of them have been already answered. I guess, the first question I had, so if I look at third quarter versus second quarter, traditionally you'll tend to see upwards of about $0.10 sequential move from whatever the 2Q base was. This quarter you've guiding to a $0.05. Is that variance largely related to input cost? Would there be anything else related to? And then, kind of a separate but related question. In the past, you gave us a view on what you were expecting in terms of, I guess, the January price declines to show up in terms of your P&L and corrugated. Did you more or less see that realize as expected? And then a couple of follow-ons?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, regarding that last question, we called out that first quarter about a $0.01 of impact on containerboard price, and then 2Q, $0.02, and then we're anticipating the third quarter following on with $0.02.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Yeah, on the Other, George, yeah, I mean, moving sequentially from the second to the third, you are right, input cost last year moving second to third were actually a favorable trend environment. And this year, as Mark has pointed out, on the energy side and recycled and whatnot, you have the opposite thing going on. So that would be really what drives that difference.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bob, I recognize you're not in a position right now to talk much about TimBar. And so, I preface my question with that and understand whatever answer you can give, we respect it. If we could get into the numbers, would TimBar be a more cash generative business to you relative to your existing converting operations? How would you have us think about that business? It sounds like it's higher margin, but maybe it also takes a little bit more capital to get at those margins?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: George, this is Mark. Again, and you heard Tom say this and I believe I've called this out, the TimBar assets are very well capitalized, really nice facilities. So the only thing that – and again, this is just speculation, as Tom does every quarter and every year, he looks at the book of business within that region and how you satisfy the customer growth needs. And so, on a going-forward basis, there is no current big overhang of what we would have to do with capital to see that cash accretion to the bottom-line.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, conclusion, then, this should be a more cash accretive business relative to your existing converting margins because I think you've already said it's higher margin, very high mix – high margin mix, excuse me, and no big capital programs. You'd agree with that then?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'm not going to quantify that. I'm just qualifying that it's a very accretive opportunity for us, and you'll see us very quickly put that benefit to the bottom line.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Totally. Two last ones. And I think you've already answered the question, but I just want to get precision on it. So in the second quarter, your production was down – I want to say 25,000 tons from last year. I'm assuming that's purely a function of – you didn't need to run as much into inventory ahead of maintenance outages this year, and the flexibility you get from DeRidder. Is there anything else in terms of why production would have been down, other than what I just relayed? And then, Bob, just housekeeping, there was no buyback in the quarter. Was that a function of just what you thought of the value of the stock? I know it's hard to answer that, or just you were in blackout because you knew you were going to do the TimBar deal? Thanks, guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me answer that first part, George. This is Mark. If you recall, last year, we actually produced 937,000 tons during the second quarter.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And this year, we've called out the production of 926,000 tons. Now again, there are two things that are in play there. It's the timing of the actual outages that occur in containerboard mills that can move that quarter-to-quarter but year-over-year, last year in particular, we were in a heavy lifting mode to get DeRidder optimized and delivering for us. And so, we also had come out of the 2014 fourth quarter and we called out the need to pre-build inventory because of the rather heavy shutdown activity that was going to occur, primarily the DeRidder activity, and finetuning of DeRidder. So, DeRidder was an event that went through the first quarter and second quarter last year, which really forced us to run hard and make sure that we had the adequate inventory by the end of the second quarter to fulfill the typical seasonal higher third quarter. So, we built to that 937,000 ton production to make sure as we entered July and August we were in good shape. But the fact that as of last September we concluded the DeRidder number three upgrade activity and proved that that machine can perform as we need and as demand requires, we had truly – if you want to use the term running to demand, we were not compelled to have to run to any higher inventory level. So that's truly, and we called this out, that because of the annual shutdown activity we sold less on the outside, but also there was no need to build and run in any different way and also, how the shutdown fell (50:34). So, that's really a long way of explaining to you the 12,000 tons of difference between last year's 2Q to this year's 2Q.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And on the buyback, certainly, we remained to look for those opportunistic situations on share buybacks in the second quarter, you're correct. The pending TimBar deal certainly was something we had to consider that we normally wouldn't have to consider so that certainly had an impact (51:05)
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I appreciate the color. Good luck in the quarter guys.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hi. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: This might be a little out there question, but the last time we saw the dollar this strong was really at the turn of the century when there was a lot of off-shoring activity. And I'm just wondering, are you hearing anything from your customers, that they might start to kind of reconsider, obviously that have played out, and just any concern from the domestic demand side in terms of the strong dollar?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Tom, do you want to....
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: I'll just answer that real quickly for you, Gail. One of the things that certainly has had a bit of an impact of the strong dollar is the exports from the industry in general, and you've read a lot about that. So, that had a little bit of an impact. And relative to off-shoring, I mean, I'm seeing more of a trend of off-shoring today as labor rates continue to go up elsewhere in the world and quality issues and supply chain issues and all these other sorts of things that exist. I think, we've got more companies today considering bringing business back to the United States than sending it overseas.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And, you guys may disagree with it, but certainly it feels like there has been – despite the shrinking independent size of the box market there has been more and more activity. Do you feel that the transition of some of the recent box plant deals have been done as tons have been integrated has been managed well or any concerns of disruptions in the market just as things get readjusted?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Gail, I don't want to comment on what others are doing and how they've done it. You should be talking to them.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And can you just talk finally a little bit upon wood cost and what you are seeing in the near term? We've heard less and less about pellet activity. Is that less of a concern for you kind of looking at over the medium term than it might have been two years, three years ago?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Wood cost over the last few quarters have been pretty less. We saw a little bit of heavy rains down in the Texas, Louisiana region this spring that caused some short-term spikes and disruption in fiber, but it's nothing significant for our DeRidder mill, again which is – we watched it. But, in general, to the rest of the system it's been very flat through the year and we expect to see that flat, unless again we get into an unusual fall winter rain event period later in the year but otherwise we are flat with fiber on virgin wood fiber.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And just kind of on a longer term basis on pellets. I think that was a concern for you a couple of years ago. Is it still a concern, less a concern?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Again, you've seen in, in particular the Southeastern region and Gulf Coastal region with more pellet activity. I think it's kind of come to an equilibrium from all indication. So, we watch it but I'm not concerned about it at this point.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thanks, very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would like to thank everybody for participating in the call today and look forward to talking with you on October for the third quarter results. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2016 earnings results conference call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, and good morning and thanks for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA; and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. During our prepared comments, we will be referring to slides that are posted on the website. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results, and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details regarding the first quarter. I'll wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported record first quarter net income of $104 million or $1.09 per share. First quarter net income included special charges for facilities closure cost of $1.9 million. Excluding these special items, first quarter 2016 net income was $106 million or a record $1.11 per share compared to the first quarter 2015 net income of $100 million or $1.01 per share. First quarter net sales were $1.4 billion in both 2016 and 2015. Total company EBITDA, excluding special items, was $272 million for the quarter compared to $255 million in last year's first quarter. Details of special items for the quarter were included in the schedule that accompanied our earnings press release. Turning to Slide 3. First quarter 2016 earnings per share, excluding special items, were $0.10 per share above the first quarter of 2015, driven primarily by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.03, lower annual mill outage costs $0.08, lower cost for fiber $0.06, energy $0.6, and freight $0.04 as well as a lower share count of $0.04 that resulted from the share repurchases. These items were partially offset by lower white paper prices and mix of $0.04, lower containerboard export prices $0.03, lower domestic containerboard and corrugated prices and mix $0.03, lower pulp volume $0.02, higher labor cost $0.01, higher depreciation $0.03, higher interest expense $0.02, and the state incentive that was received in 2015 related to the investment shift at DeRidder mill of $0.02. Our earnings were $0.11 per share above our first quarter guidance of $1 per share. This was primarily the result of three things. First, we have, what I term, best-ever operational performance aided somewhat by milder than expected winter weather, which in total contributed $0.07 per share. Secondly, we had synergy related benefits from the optimization of freight logistics costs of $0.02. And third, we have lower share count, which contributed $0.02 per share. Looking at our packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items and margins, were up over last year's levels with EBITDA of $235 million and sales of $1.1 billion or 21.4% margin compared to the first quarter 2015 packaging EBITDA of $222 million on sales of $1.1 billion or 20.2% margin. We successfully completed scheduled maintenance outages at our Valdosta, Georgia; DeRidder, Louisiana; and Counce, Tennessee mills, and containerboard production with 897,000 tons, which was 15,000 tons of increase compared to the first quarter of 2015. We ran our mill system to demand, and with the D3 machine at DeRidder now at full capacity, we were able to support first quarter maintenance outages rather than prebuilding inventory during the fourth quarter of 2015. Our corrugated product shipments were solid against a very strong first quarter of 2015 and containerboard inventories ended flat with last quarter and the first quarter of 2015. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugating business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark indicated, our corrugated product shipments were very good, up 3.4%, with one more work day were 1.7% per work day compared to a strong first quarter of 2015. As a comparison, the industry was up 1.4% in total, and flat on a work day basis. Our outside sales of containerboard were flat versus last year's first quarter and down about 4,000 tons versus the fourth quarter. For both comparative periods, domestic volumes were higher and export volumes were lower. Export prices were about 7% below first quarter 2015 levels or $0.03 per share and about 1% lower than the fourth quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.03 per share below the first quarter of 2015 and $0.01 lower than the fourth quarter. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items, was a first quarter record $51 million on sales of $281 million or an 18.2% margin compared to the first quarter of 2015 EBITDA of $49 million and sales of $297 million or 16.6% margin. Our office paper shipments, which represent about 70% of our white paper volume, were up versus the first quarter of 2015. And overall white paper shipments were flat with last year's first quarter, while pulp shipments were lower. White paper sales volume was flat with the first quarter of 2015, while our price and mix were lower. Sales volume and mix were favorable compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, while prices were slightly lower. All the mills ran exceptionally well during the quarter with very good cost. To put this quarter into results perspective, the $51 million of EBITDA is the highest first quarter and second highest of any quarter over the last five years. The highest was the seasonally strong third quarter of 2014, when the average white paper price was $95 per ton higher than this year's first quarter. The 18.2% EBITDA margin is an all-time best for our paper business. Finally, we notified customers of paper price increases of $60 per ton effective April 5, for our printing and converting grade; and $60 per ton effective May 2, for our office paper grades. I'll now turn it over to Bob Mundy.
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. If you look at Slide 4, we have very strong free cash flow generation in the first quarter, with cash provided by operations of $191 million, capital expenditures of $53 million, which resulted in free cash flow of $138 million. During the quarter, we paid common stock dividends totaling $53 million; repurchased just under 2 million shares, totaling $100 million or about $50.49 per share; and we had a $2 million scheduled term-loan repayment. We completed our $150 million stock repurchase program that was authorized in July 2015, and received authorization from our Board for a new $200 million repurchase program. We ended the quarter with $162 million of cash on hand. Finally, our scheduled maintenance outage cost came in about where we expected, and our quarterly estimates for the balance of the year are unchanged from the guidance we gave you on our last call. Now, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you Bob. Looking ahead to the second quarter compared to the first quarter, we expect seasonally higher containerboard and corrugated product shipments, white paper prices should begin to improve late in the second quarter, as a result of our paper price increases, but the vast majority of any price increase will not be realized until the third quarter. We also expect some seasonal improvement in our energy costs, as we move into warmer weather. And our share count will be lower due to our repurchases in the first quarter. Prices for containerboard and corrugated products are expected to be slightly lower, as a result of the published price decreases. Our annual maintenance outage costs will be about $0.08 per share higher, as we have four scheduled mill outages compared to three in the first quarter. Everything considered, we currently expect second quarter earnings of $1.18 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: I was trying to understand the $0.07 from the best-ever operational performance and the $0.02 from the freight and logistics relative to what you're expectations had been. Did a lot of that show up in the paper business particularly? And relatedly, if we think about what's driving that, what's been driving it, if we look at the improvement you had from fiber, energy, freight, were those the major component drivers? And if so, how much of that was just because fiber and energy costs were lower than expected for the commodity versus a function of being more efficient in the usage of those inputs?
Mark Kowlzan: As far as the upsize that you referred to, it was spread out. I mean, all eight mills performed exceptionally well. As I said, it was a truly best-ever operational efficiency across the board. The white paper mill, I-Falls, Jackson, Wallula also significantly contributed to this upside. So we're very pleased with the three months work. It wasn't just one month, but we saw consistent contribution from the operational effectiveness out of the white paper mill. So it was a nice contribution from that side of the business. But just to remind you, Mark, that that didn't just happen because of any activity necessarily that just took place now. But when we were involved over the last two-and-a-half year primarily with DeRidder, we continued to make enormous improvements in the infrastructure and operational capabilities in these white mills. And so when the integration was concluding last year, primarily the work at DeRidder was winding up midyear last year. We were able to move more resource into these white mills and putting a much stronger focus day-to-day in bringing this capability there. So again that number was between the mills, but again a very good contribution came from the white mills. And the question regarding transportation, Bob, do you want to fill in some of that?
Robert Mundy: The transportation was pretty much across the white mills as well as on the packaging sides, the mill and the box plants. So a lot of work was done there to optimize the freight and logistics, and we'll continue to see the improvements of those efforts.
Mark Weintraub: So, if I understand rightly, then having gotten DeRidder behind you, part of what we're seeing is the ability to focus your resources at some of the other mills and so that will walk forward improvements more rapidly, is that a fair understanding of what you just said?
Mark Kowlzan: I think, if you go back over the last two years in particular, although we had the bulk of the spending and the effort at DeRidder, because again that was the important factor in the integration, we nevertheless were continuing to improve the great deal of the infrastructure within the white paper mill. And so just as I had called out that we worked on over 400 discrete projects at DeRidder last year alone, we worked on hundreds and hundreds of small projects at the three white paper mills. A lot of them did require a lot of capital. They were changing the way we do things, both on technology, working on the process, process control. And so it's all been a cumulative benefit that's come to light. A one good example, Mark, on the white paper side, we called out last year the new turbine generator that was being started up at I Falls in September, that was one big example of a $20 million capital spend. We tried that the turbine, we spent less than $10 million on the Jackson recovery boiler bottom. But those couple of items, in particular really helped those two mills really rebalance their capabilities. An example at I Falls of that turbine was a 52 megawatt turbine. We didn't believe we had enough steam to power that turbine up to its full capacity. After we started it up, we were able to completely rebalance the steam distribution within the mill, the steam generation, steam consumption. And we originally budgeted for about 70% own make electricity. First quarter was an all-time record. We averaged 85% of our own make electricity in the mill. And we had days where we were essentially spot right on the verge of being self sufficient with our own make electricity. So that turbine generator is one example of a real game changer. And that mill that has allowed us to stand back and look at a number of opportunities now that are very no capital, low capital, but just process control, process fine-tuning, and then, of course, the Jackson Mill after the owners last year allowed us to really, really rebalance our Jackson run.
Mark Weintraub: I know the first question had a lot in it, but I think you started to answer a part of it, which was when you look at the fiber, the energy, and the freight, year-over-year that was $0.16 in total improvement. And I just tried to get a sense as to how much of it was just a function of the underlying commodity, i.e. the price of gas being lower versus the efficiency improvement such as what you were just talking about with that I Falls?
Mark Kowlzan: Bob, why don't you give some more color on that?
Robert Mundy: Yes, Mark. I would say about maybe like 60% or so is more price-related. And the things that Mark just spoke of, 40% or so was more on the usage side of the improvements that have been made.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: First question is I know that you all very clearly laid out about $200 million in synergies you were looking for in the wake of the Boise deal and that's been 2.5 years. Could you just gives us a kind of view of how you look at, if there are further opportunities as we think about your current footprint. Do you see a certain amount of additional, maybe not synergies, but just cost reduction opportunities. You've certainly laid out a couple of that have been very impressive in white paper, but as we look through the rest of '16 and '17, are there more things you'll be doing on the cost side that will maybe even offset inflation and then some?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Chip, everyday technology and engineering organization is not only involved in the eight paper mills, but we've got Tom's side of the business, the group that's working on operational effectiveness and efficiency in the box plants, but your question about the $200 million run rate synergies and where do we go from there, we've called out last July on the call we wouldn't be detailing and defining synergy contributions per se, but we did indicate that obviously these number would continue to compound, but it would be as we run PCA we make continuous improvement and that's what we're all about. We're about operational execution, continuous improvement, so work on hundreds and hundreds of these opportunities at any given time during year, and so it's safe to say, we've done this historically for the better part 16 years now. We will continue to make improvements. We have a portfolio of opportunities that we're currently working on, on both sides of the business. And I'm talking about paper mills, legacy brown mills and the corrugated product side business. And so some of them are cost reductions, some of the business enhancing, but fortunate aspect of this is we have our own engineering group. We have our own technology organization. Most of the engineering has done ourselves, so we can execute and move forward very quickly and so I'm very pleased with the opportunities as we go forward that we can continue to work on at least a piece of the inflation.
Chip Dillon: Looking at the white paper, I think you said in your commentary that for the guidance for the second quarter that very -- I'm assuming not very much of the price increase. And of course, earlier other parts of that white paper spectrum saw announcements for increases away from cut size. So as I think about it, I know typically we don't normally get the full price increase that gets announced, but that's not always the case. But if we were to sort of think about of whatever -- what do you have in mind in the second quarter in terms how much will be felt. Are you basically saying it's a third quarter event for you, and therefore very little of it's in the second quarter or none of it or can you just give us some feel for how much of it would be in the second quarter guidance?
Mark Kowlzan: Obviously, I can't speculate and quantify the amount we expect regarding pricing the third quarter, but yes, because of the way this would flow through, any pricing that has been achieved would come in the late second quarter. And as an example of that we do have a good portion of our business tied to indexes, and so printing paper is one thing, that is part of printing and converting. That was in April, and basically the price was -- we know it by customers. We are invoicing. Office papers, cut size reprographic that will be a May event, so then you would look at something coming out in June publication to see what's being picked up. And then, you would wait to see a July publication to see what was picked up and we go from there, but we can't speculate, that's how the system works.
Chip Dillon: So I guess, said differently, if it does all go through, which again, we don't know it's speculation, but if it did all go through probably more than two-thirds of it would not be felt till the third quarter. Is that the fair statement?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Again, it would be primarily a third quarter event.
Chip Dillon: And then last question is, again, looking at the environment, it seems like that we've seen a tremendous amount of continued industry vertical integration. It seems like barely, a few weeks go by, and you hear about another sheet feeder or box plant either being bought or consolidating somehow into a group that also involves mills. And I was just sort of wondering, are you seeing that we're kind of close to the end of that, and therefore, it's continuing to be tougher to find solid box plant opportunities to acquire? I know you said, that had been a big focus a few years ago, and I just didn't know if you felt that, but is something that that, whether time has passed for that or could there be more out there?
Mark Kowlzan: Especially with the integration completed now, and I'm going to let Tom weigh in, in just a minute, but obviously the way we view the world, there are opportunity that exist. We're continually keeping our eyes open for what is out there. And there are fewer opportunities, naturally you would think to the consolidation. But Tom, why don't you weight in and add a little color on that?
Thomas Hassfurther: First, Chip, I'll just mention that there is no question that industry consolidation has taken place. Of course, we can't speak for the industry, and I had no idea to what extent we're at the end by any means, but because there is still a relatively large independent market out there in terms of numbers of plants, certainly smaller in terms of their market share, because of the consolidation. But there are some, as we've said in the past, we virtually explore any and all opportunities that are out there. Some opportunities don't meet the requirements that we have for acquisitions. And we have a very disciplined approach. And if it's not a good fit, based on the criteria we have, we move on. We're not going to make acquisitions just for the sake of making them, but at the same time, I will tell you that there are always I think some opportunities out there that can present themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I just wonder, we're getting more questions from people about just sort of potential growth opportunities for Packaging Corp. And I wondered if you could just talk about that in general terms, you and Tom have both just talked about box plants, but opportunities beyond that?
Mark Kowlzan: I don't want to speculate in terms of what we would do, could do, but obviously in the last couple of quarters, speaking to investors and analyst we've made it clear that all of the heavy lifting is behind us regarding Boise integration. And balance sheet is in great shape generating a lot of cash and so we have an enormous amount of flexibility and capability as we go forward to look at small one-off deals and/or some larger deals if it made sense and was the right thing to do. And the other thing that's significant, we've got the organization to do it. We've got the people in place in both operationally, marketing and sales to do some significant opportunity. So we'll continue to look at the horizon but you just can't speculate. But right now, we're at a great place.
Mark Wilde: I wondered kind of going back to kind of Boise that was the first time since you've been a public company that you really went out and bought any mill assets and it seems like the performance there has been even better than you expected. Has that made you think a little differently about sort of what kind of options you'd look at going forward?
Mark Kowlzan: I think, two things, Boise was attractive to us because we absolutely needed the containerboard tons. We were, at that point in 2012, and we were buying outside tons, as a matter of fact, we're buying couple of hundred thousand tons of outside containerboard to support our growth, and so the key to Boise was truly the DeRidder mill and then obviously the legacy brown side of the business. That being said, we have been very successful. And yet the paper business -- and we call this out early. We felt compelled that we could improve that paper business and continue to bring cost out of it and enhance the capability, but that being said, we are and will remain a corrugated products containerboard business, basically that's our concentration, that's what we do and that's what we will continue to focus on. As we grow our integration which is currently about 87% level, we will look at how we support Tom's need for containerboard tons and that would play into other opportunities.
Mark Wilde: Just a couple of other follow-ons. One, a lot of your pears in paperboard packaging have been starting to expand down in Mexico. I think you guys were down there briefly after you bought Boise because they had the Hexacomb business down there? Any thoughts on that market?
Mark Kowlzan: Mexico is a good market, but we've never had the reach in terms of operating offshore. Once you start operating offshore, you've got a lot of legal and financial matters that you have to deal with and we're not good at that. We operate here in the United States and we just don't have the desire to start getting into that complexity. We've got a plenty to do here.
Mark Wilde: Last thing I wondered, Tom Hassfurther, I notice the investor productions non-durable goods has been pretty sluggish and the box volumes have been doing well. Any thoughts on that disparity?
Mark Kowlzan: Go ahead, Tom.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I would say, Mark, certainly one of the things that probably is really unique of the box business today versus what it was just compared to even three years ago or five years ago. Of course, you know the e-commerce side of the business has picked up dramatically. And that's a growth engine for us. So I think that's been an area that has probably presented some opportunities for the industry in total to help get our numbers up a little bit over what we [technical difficulty].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Scott Lehman: This is Scott Lehman in for Mark. Just two quick ones. First off, you mentioned exports being a smaller part of the mix of outside board sales in the quarter. And with export prices falling recently, how do you guys view that? Do you still view exports as a regular part of the business, as it has been in the past?
Mark Kowlzan: That hasn't changed. As we said many times, we continue to support a number of our legacy customers that have bought containerboard from us for the better part of a few decades. We do supply in to about 35 different countries. So we have no one big customer that we're tied to. And if you recall from our comments last year and this year, because the first quarter starts heavy annual shutdown season, we tend to sell less on the export side of the equation and retain those tons for our own internal consumption. But the number on a percentage basis has ranged from 8%, 10% or 12%, and we're still in that range in total. As a matter of fact, that really didn't change from last year, where we are right now year-to-date.
Scott Lehman: And then just another quick one from a freight/logistics standpoint. This is kind of two quarters in a row that you've pointed to positives from a logistics endpoint. And I know last year, the industry saw lots of issues and a lot of competitors in the industry used that as an excuse for keeping higher inventories and even last quarter that kind of lagged into there. So I wanted to know from your perspective, do you think that those logistic issues for you guys are in the rearview mirror? And how is that going to affect your inventory management going forward? And second, what makes you guys different than some of the other guys in the industry, where you saw these logistics issues kind of fall off a lot earlier?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, I think we don't consider it in the rearview mirror. Freight continues to be something of concern to us. What we've been able to take advantage of is, a good example is the fact that with DeRidder fully optimized and capable of producing liner and medium and all of the key grades, we have a lot of flexibility with how we move product from our containerboard mills into our box plants. And so we've developed some really good capabilities with the carriers on how to move those tons through the various lanes in a very efficient manner. Now, also with the fact that the economy did slow down a little bit, there has been some slight improvement in carrier availability to us, trucks that is, but that doesn't mean that pricing has necessarily improved there, it just that we have developed a very good efficiency and capability within that side of the business in terms of how we move product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: When I look at the guidance for the second quarter, just looking at the sequential trends on the operating performance, how do you think about, you mentioned best-ever operating performance in 1Q, you sort of look at that normalizing a little bit when you give guidance for the second quarter around operational performance or how should we think about that?
Robert Mundy: The goal is always to continue to improve. We feel pretty good about where we are, because what we saw of the last three months wasn't just something that happened, it was a combination of what has been going on in the white paper business for the last couple of years. And then on the ground side, quite frankly, well, this has been going on for 20 years, and then DeRidder obviously has been a key focus of. Everyday we'll continue to enhance the capability, but we are at a very high efficiency. We work everyday to maintain that high efficiency. And so that is the goal and that is what we've build our basis on.
Scott Gaffner: And if I look at the packaging business for a minute, I think you said on the last call, the first 13 days of 1Q, the bookings and billings were flat year-over-year. You finished up 1.7% on a per work day basis. So did demand grow as the quarter went on? And what does it look like so far in April?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead and put some color on that one?
Thomas Hassfurther: Scott, yes, demand did grow as the quarter went on. That's pretty typical for our first quarter. Second quarter starting out, for the first 11 days we're up 1% over tough comps from the previous year. So we're pleased with where we are at this point.
Scott Gaffner: And then the share buyback in the quarter, you did $100 million, what was the average price per share on the buyback?
Robert Mundy: $50.49 is the average price.
Scott Gaffner: You bought the stock fairly well, I would say, being as how it's $64 and changed today. On a go-forward basis, how should we think about the share buyback versus capital allocation of some of these other opportunities that you mentioned in regards to Mark's question, so basically the balance between share buyback and acquisition?
Mark Kowlzan: We always view share buyback from an opportunistic perspective. And so that's truly the key word right there, opportunistic. I've said this on the last few calls as far as acquisition opportunities, we will reserve the right to use cash to apply to great growth acquisition opportunities. And so again, if you're spending, using the cash for dividends, share buyback, debt reduction, acquisition, CapEx or some sort, and so very mindful of that. But again, we are in at position right now that would be, the stock is up obviously over that low average $50.49 acquisition of the 2 million shares that we did. So then you look at your hand. And again, I'm not going to provide any detail other than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: I guess, I want to put together a couple of topics that were discussed earlier, as it relates to the white paper business. Given the performance that you've seen, has it changed at all what might have been your strategic view of its fit in the portfolio, say a couple of years ago to the present time? And I know the answer is, there is more to come, but is there a way at all to quantify, Mark, how much more opportunity you have to improve operations within the white paper business?
Mark Kowlzan: George, that's a tough number. Again, all we can do is tell you that history provides the answer here. We'll continue to go ahead and make improvements in efficiencies and working on cost. Ultimately, I don't know what that means. I mean, you've got inflationary factors with energy, wood, hard raw material. But for the fact that we can control, we'll continue to work on these things. I think one factor that is important, we're at a point with the white paper mills, we're not faced with any one enormous amount of capital requirement in these white mills, they're in very good condition, well capitalized. So what we do is we look at the small opportunities. But if you do a 100 small things, the result can be worth an enormous amount to you. And so I'm very encouraged that all things being equal, we continue to generate a good return for what we have invested in this white business. And it generates a lot of cash, as we said before, and we'll continue to apply improvements to it. But I really can't quantify going forward what that means.
George Staphos: Mark, that's fair. I wouldn't assume that you could, but I wanted to ask it anyway. But on the strategic side, has your view of its fit in the portfolio changed at all? And you said this more than once, you certainly said it on this conference call earlier a year, ultimately a packaging company. But would you ever consider, given your success here, growing the white paper business?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, we are going to maintain our focus on the containerboard, corrugated product side of business. That's where in terms of what we're really good at, what we're focused on, that's our business, that's our core business. And we're going to remain heavily involved in that. Again, the paper business it hasn't hurt us per se in terms of valuation. And we're not in a position, where we have to do one thing or another with that business. It's a great business for us right now as it stands and we will just continue to operate it and generate a lot of cash with it.
George Staphos: I wanted to switch for my last question, and I'll turn it over. Again, obviously, you did very well this quarter, certainly better than our forecast, a lot of that was from operations. When we look back last year that was obviously an atypical quarter for Packaging Corp. in terms of operations, you had some trouble coming out of the outages at D1 and you had issues with D3. Is it possible to quantify how much of that $0.08 benefit, I think you said it was from maintenance outages were related to just getting over what were the problems in last year's quarter? And then, if possible, is there a way to quantify how much anniversarying the D3 ramp was, a drive of the increase in production year-on-year this quarter versus last year's quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding the first part on the quarter-to-quarter, the $0.08, the bulk of that was the DeRidder outage. It was a massive outage last year. And not just the fact that we had the delayed number 1 work that went on and the heavy lifting on number 3, but that was a massive outage, total mill-wide work going on. And as you look at this past first quarter, we had an annual outage at DeRidder, addressed all of the things that we would normally address, and so it wasn't nearly as impactful. And so again, the bulk of that $0.08 will come from the fact that it was just a second shutdown we would have experienced and we were putting a lot of corrective action to mills. So, yes, that was the total.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: I have a couple of questions on Slide 3. First, related to labor. I actually thought that was going to be a bit more of a headwind. If you take a look at what happened last year in the first quarter, I think it was a low-teens impact on a cent basis. And I'm just wondering is there something different here that we should not be expecting going forward or something else offsetting this?
Mark Kowlzan: Bob, why don't you go ahead and answer that?
Robert Mundy: Yes, when we gave the guidance, we were talking about fourth quarter to first quarter. And labor actually was that negative, those timing items that hit you at the beginning of year that actually occurred as we expected. But year-over-year it was maybe not as fierce it was in the previous year-over-year comparison. And some of that has to do with some of the things Mark has done on the hourly side of optimizing some of the things, the workforce and the mills and somewhat in box plants as well. So that certainly helped us year-over-year.
Debbie Jones: And then, if I could just stick with the slide on containerboard and corrugated prices and mix, is that was also a little bit less of a hit than we expected? And you said on the last call that you're trying to get a sense of what the liner decrease was it going to have and the impact on your contracts. And I was wondering if you just can talk about what you're sense is of how much this might be an impact? The delta from Q1 to Q2, anything around that would be helpful?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer that, Debbie. We're anticipating for the second quarter. We'll probably see on the containerboard sales side probably $0.50 on export containerboard, $0.50 on the domestic containerboard and probably about $0.001 in our corrugated products. So about $0.02 in total on Tom side of the business.
Debbie Jones: And I could just one more on the fiber side. Was there like a regional difference there? Were there certain parts of the country where you and your benefit was a little bit better than others?
Mark Kowlzan: No. We were fortunate because of the truly mild winter weather that we saw all the way from the International Falls, Canadian Border for the Gulf Coast, East Coast, West Coast. We certainly did not have anything near that would have been typical winter weather that would have put pressure on the wood baskets. Little bit of that rain issue about a month and half ago in Louisiana, but the DeRidder mill was spared. Most of the rain went into that north and much further west of the DeRidder basin, so wood basket has been spared this year in terms of any unusual issues nationwide. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on Debbie's question on fiber costs, following the benefit you saw in the quarter. Do you have a view on fiber inflation in the second quarter both in pulpwood? And then in OCC it seems like we've had prices tick up a little bit for the first time in nine, 10 months. Can you just talk about the fiber cost environment in 2Q?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, going into the second quarter, I mean it's pretty flat with where we left the first quarter, but that being said, if we get into a hurricane season in the Gulf Coast and we start putting some more widespread rain throughout the Gulf Coastal region that could change the fiber cost make up. But right now everything, as far as, in line with how we came out of first quarter. Obviously, what's been mentioned in the publications, but keeping in mind, we still have the lowest consumer user OCC in the industry. And so on a dollar-to-dollar basis least impacted.
Robert Mundy: And then pulp and paper weak kraft liner prices have been flat since the cut in January, but they've talked about discounting and recycled liner, which seems like its widened a bit. Is that something that you're seeing in the marketplace or is it something that really impacts PCA or is this kind of discounting more in regions or categories or customers where you're not really participating?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom wants to go ahead and put some color on it.
Thomas Hassfurther: Anthony, I would say that, it's certainly an impact if pulp and paper continues to rationalize the two together, but we see recycled linerboard and kraft linerboard as being two very different products especially when it comes to performance. And the majority of our customer base is very performance oriented. So from the standpoint of actually direct competing with this, it's not that much of an impact. But certainly, w what pulp and paper does, it could impact.
Anthony Pettinari: And Tom from your comments, is it fair to say you think pulp and paper, you should formally breakout recycled list price in the way that they have kraft liner list price.
Thomas Hassfurther: I can't comment on that Anthony. All I can say is, is that the two products in our opinion are very different.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng: Mark thanks for providing some color on how you at least expect export prices to be from a head standpoint in 2Q. But can you talk about what are you seeing pricing probably on export? Are you starting to see that stabilize a bit? Certainly the dollar has strengthened a little bit. Can you kind of help frame what portion of your export business is tied to Europe specifically?
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding that I mean truly all of our export pricing activities has been primarily related to currency fluctuations. And so that being said just pure speculation on what's going to happen at this week or next week regarding dollar versus currency. So that's truly the impact of -- we did see some slight decrease from 4Q into 1Q as we call out. But other than that, I don't want to speculate. And what was the rest of your question, we didn't quite hear you.
Philip Ng: What portion of your export business is tied to Europe specifically?
Mark Kowlzan: Tied to Europe?
Philip Ng: Yes.
Mark Kowlzan: Probably less than half. Total offshore containerboard sales.
Philip Ng: And then I guess switching gear a little bit. How you think about box shipment demand broadly for the full year? 1Q certainly turning a little better and least start April decent, but at least we're starting to see some green shoots on the industry timing. Are you seeing that side of business pick up a little bit?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I don't want to speculate anymore. One quarter at a time where we are right now, but all I want to say about that, truly if the GDP and the economy starts improving in a significant manner you're going to see, theoretically, box demand grow with it. And so it's truly a GDP economic growth relationship here. That's all I want to say about that.
Philip Ng: And just one last one from me, just piggy backing off of a Debbie's question earlier. I mean, I guess, the sequential decline in box prices with the VBW adjustment back in January, it seems a little smaller than we would have thought. Is it, I guess, much smaller portion of your business tied to box contracts that triggered the $15 level versus maybe higher number just because it seems pretty modest or is it more 3Q event?
Mark Kowlzan: I will answer it this way, we talked about this in January. We've got 15,000 plus customers. We're highly integrated. And there are various trigger points that flow through to a box and so it's very complex and there is no one size fits all there, and so that $15 and $20 change in containerboard, would feel in that we understand what the implication is, and we call that out, but again that's all we ever want to say about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel: To kind of delve into a little different direction into what you're saying in some of your board markets. Given the fact and you talked a little bit about this, but some of the different grades have moved more in price than others, 42-pound linerboard holding up better than so many other pieces. We're seeing some substitution on the medium side. Folks go into more recycled versus semi-camp. Have you had any of your customers or folks come back to you looking to substitute some cheaper price to stuff in and kind of embedded in the box. I mean one of the assumptions we've long made is that boxes are largely kind of over engineered in North America, any color you have will be helpful?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead and get into that.
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, Chris it's a complex subject obviously, when you start talking about substitution. I would contend that our objective is to give our customers what they need to perform and not more, not less, tailored to what they need in their performance, and I think that's pretty much the direction of the industry. I think it's been stated in the past that there has been the case for over-packaging and all these other sorts of things, but I think that the statistics now support the fact that we become very much performance based industry and certainly we have with PCA. So that's what we sell and that's what quiet frankly what our customer's expect. So they don't typically get into demanding substitutions or demanding this or that or that sort of thing and ends up thus to provide the right solutions for them. So those that are heavily in that recycled arena they're selling one product primarily, and so it's a different animal to some extent. So hopefully that kind of explains where we are.
Chris Manuel: When you think about -- and I don't think this is an issue that you have, but when we look at some of the newer capacity that has come on stream, it's mostly been recycled, but yet you and some others still have -- and you flexed it a bit this quarter when you ramped up DeRidder to kind of full steam, while you did some other outages. You still seem to have some sort of latent, whether it's virgin or some other capacity that isn't all the way utilized. How do you think about being able to kind of get all of that back to full steam as you look forward to next six to 12 months? It seems to be there is not as much incremental capacity coming on stream, but do you think that that's a fair path?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom, why don't you go ahead?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, I'm not sure I completely -- you might restate that just a little bit more for me, Chris, so I can really understand exactly what it is you're asking, it's kind of broad question, so if you wouldn't mind it, I'd appreciate it.
Chris Manuel: No problem. I guess, really what I am getting at is I think, this quarter you ran DeRidder really hard, closer to full capacity. And now you did so because you had some other outages. So kind of implicitly within there is in some ways you're sort of holding back production through your system over the past year or at different times, that you had some incremental capacity. How do you think about being able to utilize all your incremental all the capacities you have and kind of get into running full as opposed to just running the demand, you need to run the demand, but when do you think those began to intersect, is that a 12 months window?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, I got it now. That's very had to predict, I mean of course we just run the demand, that's what we do. Our extra capacity that we have will be utilized as we growth the business. That's pure and simple. I mean, if we make a sizable acquisition or something that's obviously going to suck up a lot of it, as opposed to organic growth, but we'll continue to grow in those segments that we've always tried to grow in before. If you think about it anyway, we're at 87% integration. And so if you did have any capacity, you would be back to where we were in 2012 as net buyers of outside containerboard tons and so again we're at pretty good balance right now running our system and being able to flex with Tom's need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: You articulated the factors for the $0.11 beat, and we will take you at your word. But when you establish the guidance for Q1, the economic backdrop was pretty gloomy. So I am just wondering, did demand exceed your expectations at all? And then, how are you feeling about the economy today? Maybe better than you were two months ago?
Mark Kowlzan: When we had the January call, obviously we just had probably 11 days of consumption on Tom's side of the business at that point. And we were feeling okay. But as the quarter went on, we did see demand pick up. Again, we're not economist, so I can't fully explain. But I think we were pleased with what we saw especially coming off last year's big numbers. We had tough comps to run against last year. So in that regard, I think we are pleased. Tom, why don't you add something to that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, Steve. I'd just say that one of the things that have taken place if you recall late last year and midway through the third quarter and certainly in the fourth quarter, as we alluded to on our calls, we had existed some business. And that we had gotten in the Boise acquisition. That was all part of our synergies. And I think that obviously can help on our market side. But we were coming out of that, and so it was a little tough for us to forecast what that impact would be. Continuing to go into this year, we felt like we had it all behind us, it turns out we did and how quickly we can turn it and get back into that growth mode was important to us and quite frankly a little difficult to predict. End of Q&A
Mark Kowlzan: With that, operator, I believe we're out of time. And so thank everybody for joining us. I look forward to talking with you all in July. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 09:45:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kowlzan - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products Robert Mundy - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners. Scott Gaffner - Barclays Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Mark Connelly - CLSA George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Philip Ng - Jefferies Christopher Manuel - Wells Fargo Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson. Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter and full year earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. During our prepared comments, we will be referring to slides that are posted on our website. I'll begin the call with a review of the fourth quarter and full year results and then I am going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob who'll provide more details. I'll wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter net income of $104 million or $1.07 per share. Fourth quarter net income included net nonrecurring charges primarily from the Boise integration of about $400,000. Excluding these special items, fourth quarter 2015 net income was $105 million or $1.08 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 net income of $114 million or $1.16 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.4 billion in both 2015 and 2014. We also recorded full year earnings excluding earning special items of $443 million or $4.53 per share compared to 2014 earnings excluding special items of $459 million or $4.66 per share. Net sales in 2015 were $5.74 billion compared to the $5.85 billion in 2014. Excluding special items total company EBITDA in 2015 was $1.106 billion compared to $1.144 billion in 2014. Details of the special items for both fourth quarter and full year 2015 were included in the schedule that accompanies the earnings press release. Turning to slide 3, fourth quarter 2015 earnings per share excluding special items were $0.08 per share below the fourth quarter of 2014 driven primarily by lower white paper prices and mix of $0.10, higher annual mill outage costs $0.03, lower corrugated volume $0.02, lower containerboard production $0.02, lower export containerboard prices $0.02 and higher depreciation expense $0.02. These items were partially offset by lower costs for energy of $0.05, mill repair costs $0.03 and freight $0.02) as well as our lower income taxes of $0.04) per share. Our earnings were $0.05 per share better than our fourth quarter guidance. Operational performance contributed about $0.06 per share in total which included about $0.02 for energy, $0.02 for mill repair costs, $0.01 for wood and $0.01 for chemicals. Also as we continue to optimize logistics our freight was $0.02 better than forecast and our tax rate was also $0.02 better. These items were more than offset however by lower than forecast containerboard production and box volumes of about $0.04 per share. Looking at our packaging business, EBITDA margins excluding special items were up over last year's levels with EBITDA of $252 million and sales of $1.09 billion were 23.1% margins compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 packaging EBITDA excluding special items of $250 million on sales of $1.1 billion or a 22.3% margin. For the full year excluding special items packaging EBITDA was $1.009 billion with sales of $4.48 billion or 22.5% margin compared to full year 2014 EBITDA of $1.015 billion with sales of $4.54 billion or 22.4% margin. During the quarter our containerboard mills operated in a very cost effective manner. Containerboard production was 903,000 tons which was a 24,000 tons decrease compared to last year's fourth quarter as we ramped the demand and unlike last year's fourth quarter we did not need to pre-build any inventory for our first quarter 2016 maintenance outage. As a result we reduced containerboard inventory about 2,500 from the end of September and year-end inventory was flat with 2014 year-end levels. And now I'm going to turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark indicated, our corrugated products demand was lower than expected during the quarter down 1% in total and per work day compared to last year's record fourth quarter and up 1% for the full year. Pricing for corrugated products during the quarter remained stable compared to the third quarter of 2015 and the fourth quarter of 2014. As expected, mix was seasonably weaker in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Our outside sales in containerboard were flat with the third quarter and up about 7000 tons compared to last year's fourth quarter. For the full year outside containerboard sales were up 52,000 tons over 2014. Export prices were about 2% lower than the third quarter and about 6% lower than last year's fourth quarter levels. Domestic prices for linerboard were flat with the third quarter and last year's fourth quarter. Domestic prices were medium or flat for the third quarter and lower than last year's fourth quarter due to published medium price changes. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Thomas. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA and sales were lower compared to the fourth quarter of last year with EBITDA of $28 million and sales of $273 million or 10.3% margins compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 with EBITDA excluding special items of $45 million and sales of $284 million or $15.8% margins. As we mentioned on our third quarter earnings call, our Jackson, Alabama mill was down for an extended period for a planned rebuild of the recovery boiler which reduced production by 20,000 tons and increased operating costs. The drop in revenues versus last year's fourth quarter was driven by lower prices and mix as total shipments were 5000 and above last year's levels. Office paper shipments which represent about 70% of our total paper volume were up 4% versus last year. Prices held up very well and as we indicated on our last earnings call, volumes were seasonally lower versus the third quarter. Overall, the white paper mills had good cost control during the quarter and the rebuild of the Jackson Mill recovery boiler was successful. For the year white paper 2015 EBITDA excluding special items was $161 million and sales were $1.14 billion or 14.1% margins compared to full year 2014 EBITDA of $186 million with sales of $1.2 billion or 15.5% margin. Office paper shipments improved 1.1% versus full year 2014 and although sales prices and mix negatively impacted our EBITDA by 31% we were able to cut that impact by over half through our cost reduction, efficiency and mix improvement efforts. And now I'll turn it over to Bob Mundy.
Robert Mundy: Thanks Mark. If you turn to slide 4, will be our cash provided by operations in the fourth quarter was $221 million after deducting $75 million in cash tax payments for federal and state income taxes. Other uses of cash included capital expenditures of $97 million, common stock dividends of $54 million, share repurchases of $57 million, and debt repayments of $17 million. We ended the quarter with $184 million cash on hand. Our fourth quarter 2015 effective tax rate of 32% was about 2% below last year's fourth quarter related primarily to state rate reductions that we were able to achieve compared to our estimates filed in the fourth quarter of 2014 and it was 3% below the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to the passage of the tax extenders act just prior to the end of the year. For the full year cash from operations was a record $763 million and free cash flow was also a record $448 million. Our key uses of cash for the year included capital expenditures of $315 million, common stock dividends of $201 million, we repurchased 2.3 million shares for a total of about $155 million and we had debt repayments for the year totaling $48 million. As we normally do at the beginning of each year PCA derives estimates of certain items for the upcoming year. Capital expenditures we expect to be between $250 million to $265 million, DD&A is expected to be about $352 million or about $5 million higher than 2015 recurring DD&A, pension expense estimated to be $27 million, $5 million below 2015 primarily due to our adopting of the spot rate approach or 16 [ph] versus the single discount rate approach for calculating expense. We expect to make cash pension payments of $37 million in our by [ph] federal and state effective tax rate for 2016 is expected to be about 35%. Based on our current long term debt with current LIBOR rates interest expense in 2016 would be about $91 million and cash interest payments would be about $84 million. Regarding the current planned annual maintenance outages at our mills, the total earnings impact of these outages which includes lost production, direct costs and amortized repair costs is expected to be $0.49 per share the current estimated impact by quarter in 2016 is $0.07 in the first quarter, $0.16 in the second, $0.10 in the third quarter and $0.16 per share in the fourth quarter. Now I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Bob. In summary, 2015 was a very successful year for PCA as we completed the integration of Boise and achieved full design capacity of our converted DeRidder Louisiana number 3 paper machine. The significant part of the integration effort was related to the rationalization and optimization of the Boise legacy broad [indiscernible] system as well as optimizing the product mix, freight and warehousing logistics of our containerboard system. Regarding synergies, we achieved on run rate basis a $200 million target and finally we achieved record cash from operations and record free cash flow in 2015. Looking ahead for the first quarter we have scheduled maintenance outages at our Valdosta mill, one of our machines in [indiscernible] mill and one machine at the DeRidder mill. Labor benefit costs will be higher with annual wage increases and other timing related expenses and seasonally colder weather will increase wood and energy costs. Our tax rate will also be higher in the first quarter. These items will be partially offset by slightly higher containerboard production and corrugated product shipments and lower scheduled outage costs. Finally over the weekend Pulp and Paper Week, a trade publication, lowered its published price for domestic linerboard and medium by $15 and $20 per ton, respectively, which will adversely affect earnings. Everything considered, we currently expect first quarter earnings of $1.00 per share. With that, we'd be happy then to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute as forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark
Mark Weintraub: Thank you, good morning Mark. First, two questions if I could first one being just quickly, could you give us a sense as to what was happening to demand and volumes as the quarter progression? You noted that fourth quarter is a little weaker than you had anticipated, was that towards the end of the year or was that towards the beginning of the quarter? And then second, if perhaps we could just get a little bit more detail on the bridge from 4Q to 1Q, I imagine that the adverse price maybe is $0.02 or something like that, but what are the other bigger elements if you could sort of size them first a little bit that would be really helpful? Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes Mark, let me start off with the volume discussions. Your question regarding how did the quarter go, we indicated our first 10 days were flat with the third quarter, what we saw happening by the latter half of October we saw some decline that we had not expected that continued into the early part of November and then through that mid-November Thanksgiving holiday we saw the volume picked back up and it was a rather nice recovery and so again there was again a sustained recovery through the latter half of the quarter. And also I think Tom can add a little color to that, the quarter itself and obviously the volume was what we expected, but again there was a lot of moving parts taking place as I mentioned on the script with the rationalization and optimization effort. Tom?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes Mark, I will just add to that. We did take out some pretty significant volume and facilities quite frankly regarding the Boise legacy business, specifically the Tharco business which quite frankly just did not fit our model from a margin standpoint or from a long term strategy standpoint. So we went through a lot of that in the fourth quarter, got that behind us. As Mark indicated, the volumes tailed off in the second half of October and in early November that picked up quite significantly all the way through the end of December going into January. So that kind of gives you an idea where the trouble was.
Mark Kowlzan: And then regarding the bridge Bob we'll ask you that bridge question.
Robert Mundy: Yes Mark, you had indicated what you either thought that I guess the price impact of your small number I think we'd agree is it is something that we don’t see that being very large for the first quarter. The other items, seasonal items like dependent [ph] with weather and those types of things, energy and wood I think you would normally expect is what are some of the timing items which those timing items a lot around late labor type things, wages type things like [indiscernible] we said at the beginning of the year that stared up staying with us throughout the year but they are heavy in that first quarter. And then just we'll have some timing things just from a [indiscernible] perspective, the freeze in the mills, repairs and materials things that you usually starting into the year we getting on to new initiatives and what not. So those are some of timing thing to that sort of fits that at the beginning of the year. So those would be some of the bigger items both in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: Sorry, good morning. I guess one quick sort of clean up question is, did you – do you have a good idea Bob of what the deferred tax will be or I'll say it differently, how the cash tax rate might defer from the book tax rate in 2016?
Robert Mundy: It is about 1% difference. There were about - there was about 1% difference between the two. It is I think the tax, the tax rate is 35.29 just over 36.
Chip Dillon: Got you and did you say what the year-end 2015 debt was again?
Robert Mundy: Year-end 2015 debt was or net debt was about $2.1 billion in regards with cash at 184.
Chip Dillon: Okay got you, so the debt was 2284 [ph] then?
Robert Mundy: The debt was 2309 less the cash of 184 so the net is 21.25. Got you, okay and then you mentioned the Pulp and Paper Weak adjustment over the weekend, I guess two questions, how does that flow into your box prices? In other words is there more of an impact we should expect in the second quarter which I guess it would be a lag? And maybe talk a little bit about how much of your business is affected by it? And then lastly, would you at least on the kraft linerboard side was there any surprise to you in that move?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me start off with that and I am going to hand it over to Tom. Obviously it took us all by surprise and we're not going to quantify the impact, but still trying to analyze the total impact, it is in our guidance, but again there are very strategic points that take place for pricing and where we have upwards of 15,000 customers everybody is different in terms of how the sales [ph] take place. But Tom why don’t you add a little color to this?
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay, yes Chip, I hope you could understand that I mean basically when it comes to discussing the lags or how much the impact is with our customers and things like that, I mean those are contracts we've been having with our customers, that's the only people we really discuss that with. So it is hard to add any real color to that. And as Mark indicated we're still sorting through it to some extent. But nonetheless, I mean just top paper mill of course came out to be a great surprise I think, yes big one. And keep in mind as the first line of work increase that we've seen since 2005 [ph] now just hearing some of my takes on it and what I think is perhaps going on, but one is the large decline in the sites of the open market has made it much harder I think for trade publications to assess what's really happening. I think that, you know, you basically then cited a move in the traction of the market associated with a small reach and then broad rest that across the entire country and translate that into linerboard pricing, kraft linerboard pricing specifically. So, I can speak for PCA, we’ve not seen any changes in kraft linerboard and so we are very different than most of our favorite supporters. Now they did give some specific pricing associated with recycle linerboard and apparently use that as further rationale to take down kraft linerboard prices and of course that’s bothersome because they know that there is a big difference between recycled and kraft and are essentially two different products when it comes to linerboard. So, it seems that they are heavily influenced by this pricing of recycle linerboard and try to translate that into lowering kraft linerboard across the board. So that’s pretty much the extent my comments at this point I can assure you will continue to assess and monitor things going forward.
Chip Dillon: Thank you, that’s very helpful and I guess the last quick one is and I know it's very early days, but you mentioned a great point in time about the very limited open market that’s out there and so obviously that makes it a big challenge to - for anyone to sort of gauge where that is, it's really about boxes and in that vein were they being taught maybe changing at least to help PCA might index their pricing of boxes to something else that's more broad that is very easy to observe like fiber costs or maybe even the – like the PPI?
Thomas Hassfurther: Chip, you know, we've had the discussion before, they're back already last number of years, obviously they have said something we don’t want to get into on the call. It is complex and it is not straightforward as some people might think it is. So obviously there are different ways, but again this is something that right, wrong or different. The market has changed so that's all I want to comment on.
Chip Dillon: Okay, that’s all very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: I just was wondering, could you talk a little bit, Tom I think you mentioned you walked away from some of that Tharco business, it sounded like that was in the fourth quarter. If so, it was just margin issue with the Tharco business and so should be feeling the effects of that throughout 2016?
Thomas Hassfurther: Well Scott, I mean I’m not going to get into great details about that business, but obviously, you know that’s primarily a distribution business and as I said it dented our market models, nor did it did our long terms strategies. It is - some of it is significantly different than the way we go to market and so we are therefore some of that business was not a fit. I'm not saying all of it, I'm just saying some of it you much take into case. But I mean in addition I mean if you look at our volume, I mean one of the other reasons that the volume was awesome what it is that, I don’t think we've got the economic tailwinds that we had started in the fourth quarter. GDP numbers suggested the economy grew only about half a percent and the last two months of the ISM data [ph] indicates the manufacturing activity may have contracted for the first times since 2011 during our fourth quarter. So, I think that’s and I think some of that’s clearly due to the strong dollar that’s impacting exports and we’re getting some of that from our customers as well. So, I think that we’ve got this Boise legacy business that we have adjusted somewhat behind us now and will allow us to focus on the things that we do best at PCA and get back to growing our business like we expected.
Robert Mundy: I think that's simple metrics Scott, if you look at the year-over-year margin contribution from Tom's side of the business it speaks for itself in terms of what this rationalization effort has contributed and so again, as Tom just lastly mentioned we needed a little more economic tailwind to boost that.
Scott Gaffner: Understood and then just following up on the commentary before, you mentioned during the quarter you saw some acceleration in demand, I think you said late in the quarter. Has that carried forward so far in the 1Q or is that are we back to more November like numbers?
Mark Kowlzan: Tom has got the data for the first 13 days of the month.
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, the first 13 days of bookings billings are flat with last year’s January which was a very robust year, pretty robust month I should say up 4.1%. So I would say that the demand pick up that we had in December has carried over to January.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. 
Thomas Hassfurther: We were very pleased that right through the holiday weeks the volume was very good.
Scott Gaffner: All right and then just lastly on the outside sales I think you said you had an increase in outside sales during the quarter, was that to the export market or something domestic?
Thomas Hassfurther: Both went up a little bit.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Next question?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Couple of questions, Tom with output and two finer points on this, would it be fair to say that if we backed out the Tharco – shutting of the Tharco volume that your corrugated volume would have been at or above the industry numbers?
Thomas Hassfurther: I’m not going to get into that detail Mark, you could just you know, but you can do the math I think that, you're not overall [ph] telling [ph].
Mark Wilde: Yes, okay. And then the other question I had Mark Kowlzan, if you could give us any color on the duties on uncoated freesheet imports and whether that has changed anything and kind of where you see the market moving in the first half of the year?
Mark Kowlzan: You know the post data shows a significant reduction in imports starting in the third quarter which is after the preliminary rulings were issued. The imports were down around 200,000 tons in 2015 and most of the decline was in fact in the second half of the year as we previously mentioned and we do have some customers that are buying imported paper. We know that many of them bought additional inventory earlier in the year before the rulings came out. So typical market dynamics were in play and it’s a little bit too early to tell, but it is very obvious that the trade case has significantly slowed the imports and which is really just creating a level playing field. But I think you see that in our volumes, again one indicator, I think our total paper volume for January were up 3% and so we had finished the year strong in paper volumes and going through the first three weeks of January. So again, I think the trade case is having a positive impact.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then finally if I could Bob Mundy, can you just give us an update on sort of what is still sitting up there on share repurchase authorization and how you’re thinking about sort of use of cash this year particularly in light of the big drop we’ve seen in the stocks in recent weeks?
Robert Mundy: Yes, yes, Mark it is about 93 million remaining of the authorization. So anyhow then our use of cash as we talked maybe a little bit of color as to where we see some of that for 2016 and I think it’s Mark will sort of comment on share repurchases, I think our strategy of continuing to be opportunistic will continue. Of course CapEx as I indicated was and Mark had said in the last quarter’s call that we expected it to be down versus 2015 because of lot of the heavy lifting behind us and so that’s – that obviously is high as it was in 2015.
Mark Kowlzan: Anything else Mark?
Mark Wilde: I think that’s it. I will turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Next question?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Mark Connelly: Mark, your stock got selected yesterday pretty much in line with everybody else, but your business model in the past has tended to outperform somewhat. Do you think your business model is less able to outperform at this point or are the internal opportunities less attractive?
Mark Kowlzan: You have heard us talk about rationalization. Our priority in 2015 was completing the two-year integration of Boise and executing well on that. And so, a big piece of that as we’ve indicated was this rationalization and the readjustment of the entire Boise legacy box system and so in doing so we concentrated on that. As you think about it, we haven’t made any acquisitions of box plants. The last one was in April of 2014. And so, we’re right now through this last era we've purely been on organic growth mode. We’ve been avoiding over extending ourselves and so recapping right now where we are we’re poised for growth. If you go back to the 2012, 2013 period we are open market buyers. We had integrated up into the low 90s and we had – we've gone through roughly five acquisitions of box plants. We built a new plant in Redding, but a new plant in the [indiscernible] and so we have a lot of the acquisition and organic capability. And so, we have reset the stage for that. We’ve got the containerboard ton for Tom, we’ve got the acquisition integrations done. All the work that Tom did on the legacy Boise Tharco system is behind us. So I think again, the model remains very strong and relevant and so that’s what we’re going to plan to execute on. Again we have got the balance sheet and we’ve got the tons to move into the market as we seek that.
Mark Connelly: So would it be fair to say that we should expect you to be more aggressive on upping your integration levels now?
Mark Kowlzan: Well that's – we talked about that on some calls last year that the goal will be to move back up into the low 90s and we’ll do that with a combination of designed box plant acquisitions and organic growth and so be mindful on the acquisition side looking at the quality and the multiple paying, but again we are looking at that, we are ready and capable of executing on that.
Mark Connelly: Super, thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Hi everyone, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Most of them have already asked and answered. I guess maybe Mark a question for you or maybe it is probably more for an economist. I mean you mentioned that ISM [ph] got progressively more negative in the back portion of the quarter. You saw volumes for your business pick up as we approached quarter end. How do you reconcile that and should we be worried if at all that what we saw in the last two months in terms of macro data doesn’t translate to your business in the first quarter? And then the related question I had, the rationalization effect of primarily the Tharco business, how long will that be a headwind for you, will it be more or less if maybe not line item in details visible in terms of your overall growth rate through the third quarter of this year, does it continue all the way into the fourth quarter, do you feel you have most of it behind you where and lot of it had been done already in the first quarter of 2015?
Mark Kowlzan: On the first question regarding the economy in the ISM [ph] obviously the last reported ISM data showed a contraction. What we think was happening or what we have to believe happened as the Holiday period came on Internet commerce have reported in the various segments was very strong and so I think we were a player in the Internet commerce, but that also plays into the fact that we said that mix was not enriched as we expected. And so, I think that is a large portion of what you see. Regarding any overhang and impacts of the integration and rationalization of the Tharco business, I think again we need the economy to give us some tailwind. With that being said, Tom and the group of fully prepared and focused now on rolling that business instead of just how they go about rationalizing. Tom, do you want to add some color to that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, I would just add George. The ISM [ph] numbers tend to be somewhat of a trailing number also. So the way we go to market is fast as you know people - boxes and trends we see are kind of leading edge as opposed to maybe the ISM the import trailing edge. I would say the ISM data probably ended up showing what we saw in October, but probably hasn’t come out really to represent what happened at the end of November or December or through December I should say. So and the rationalization effect of Tharco of course whenever you – whenever you eliminate something or sort of resize something and you’re going to be dealing with that certainly going forward, but that’s said, I mean it’s totally behind us now, were not in terms of comparing numbers, month-over-month or quarter-over-quarter, but we’re very poised now to move forward and have gotten all those efforts behind us which were important to us, we'll be back to operating like PCA.
George Staphos: Okay and thanks for that Tom. A related question perhaps and my sense is what you think you saw in the fourth quarter was more inventory contraction and then hopefully more of a back to normal approach from your customers, but I don’t want to put words, is that what you think you saw and then related question. Have you seen your bad debts move up at all is there anything in your data right now that is suggesting whatever we've been going through both within the sector and broad economy is the fun edge of a recession or do you think it is more inventory contraction. We're back to normal at this juncture.
Thomas Hassfurther: Let me, yes, on the bad debt piece of that, we have actually see bad debt losses on the bad debt piece of that, we’ve actually seen our bad debt losses actually declined and so that’s been very favorable for us.
Robert Mundy: And then on the, the question about the economy and we said this before, our customer base being two thirds local accounts, they’re very nimble and they are very capable of responding very quickly and I think Tom said I think they were some response from our – lower customer base to as the economy in the news, the daily news that we saw every morning as we watched first business news and people got cautious and probably ran some of their volume inventories lower levels. But that being said they can respond on the partner side just flip these up.
Thomas Hassfurther: I don’t want to try to qualify or quantify.
Mark Kowlzan: George, I'll agree with that and what we’ve seen over the last few years quite frankly, this is something that just recently. We've been seeing that our customer base is very sensitive to inventory levels and our very estimate, quick adjustments and so, its let’s say going into October they were a little less optimistic about the Christmas season or something like that. I mean, they can adjust inventories very quickly, so this is something we see and so it's actually changed the seasonality a little bit of our business as well.
George Staphos: Okay, I appreciate it guys and will turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Debbie Jones: You guys talked you being a player in ecommerce I was just under the impression a lot of this growth is in recycle boxes, maybe that’s not the case and you can correct me, but does this impact your ability to kind of grow with it trend?
Thomas Hassfurther: Debbie this Tom, I’ll handle that. So, I mean, as you can well imagine as the right ecommerce is drawing I mean virtually that, anybody who has got a consumer related process in ecommerce somewhere or other and it is not just all recycled anything. I mean it's still required for performance boxes and it is still required traffic boxes, it requires all sources of things that we currently supply. So no, we don’t feel the least limited in drawing in that region.
Debbie Jones: Okay and then I guess if I move to kind of growth from M&A, how important is this to your strategy, you had mentioned quality in the multiple, but are other things out there that actually fit your criteria?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, we continue to explore acquisitions and there are some things that would fit our criteria now it takes two to tango at this side, so we need somebody who is, who wants to sell and at the same time, we're an anxious buyer, so to make this thing work, but nonetheless there are some quality assets out there, fewer than they were before, but I think as Mark indicated earlier we will remain a disciplined acquirer. So we're not changing that part of our strategy.
Debbie Jones: Okay, great. Thanks, I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning, thanks for taking my question.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: You referenced export prices lower sequentially in 4Q and I’m wondering if you could speak to what you are seeing in the beginning of the year in export markets either in terms of pricing with the strong dollar or what underlying demand looks like? And then can you remind us what percentage of you containerboard last year was exported?
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay, Anthony as far as demand goes, I mean demand is pretty flat right now. I mean, again we are relatively small player in the export pocket, so you got to keep that in mind. But we are in numerous regions and you’ve got some that are down, I mean obviously if you take China and then some of the effect in Asia that’s down and then you've got some others that you’re actually back a little bit and then Latin America, South America is relatively flat, so it is pretty flat on an overall basis. We don’t talk about forward pricing. I gave you some indication of what happened up to this point in packaged pricing, but anything going forward is really between us and our customers. But I will say that obviously the strong dollar is a headwind for us when it comes to that.
Mark Kowlzan: Anthony regarding the export volumes, we are currently just under 10% of our total containerboard volumes going in export, but again, moving that into about 35 different countries worldwide, that’s up from a few years ago when we were open market buyers of containerboard and needed those tons and we shipped all those tons back into our own need. So with DeRidder and their capability we've been able to service some of our legacy customer requirements around the world, but its again small portion less than 10%.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful and then switching to white papers, the $0.38 headwind you saw last year from lower price mix, in terms of the mix piece of that, is there anything in 2016 between the mix, between office paper pulp, specialty papers that would be a meaningful tailwind or headwind in 2016 in terms of your mix of white paper?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, just elaborating a little bit on the mix, what we saw happening last year, a lot of the, on cut size in particular you saw a lot of it shipped from the high end super bright, Laser Inkjet type cut size into the more commodity type cut size, the 92 bright cut size paper and so that trend continues and it's just the market that we're living in right now. And so, that being said, we are comfortable there and we get our volumes up, so we’re feeling good about that.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, good morning guys, I understand PPW cut was largely backward looking and generally appreciate the color you provided earlier, but the market and just a reaction to your stock our investors are actually concerned that there could be further price erosion. Can you just provide any color on pricing in terms of outlook, supply/demand and just competitive activity in the broader market that would be helpful?
Mark Kowlzan: Again for trust reasons we're not going to get into a discussion about pricing.
Philip Ng: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: We just cannot go there.
Philip Ng: Can you just talk about supply/demand and just the competitive active in the marketplace at the start of the year?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, we've commented our volume is in line with where we were last year, we were flat, but again, I think we’ve indicated that we need a better economy, stronger economy as far as some tailwind and so at the end of the day we have a system that can respond. We have a system that’s ready for growth, but Tom you want to add any more color to that?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, I would say that, I mean I think you need to think of it like this reaching for the supply standpoint, kraft linerboard standpoint you are talking about, kraft linerboard it really hasn’t grown significantly in years and so, very much in balance and run rates that are probably on average something closer to 94%, 95% which is very healthy and demand that all we can do is, go up what our trends are which we indicated was moved upwards in December period over into January and were now compared to the 4.1% jump we saw January a year ago so. Those are the best we can tell you in terms of the trends and I think that the, I think there is a lot of industries that would - are very envious of the fact that we've got a 95% run rate in an industry like this based on kraft linerboard price.
Philip Ng: Okay, that’s helpful and I guess obviously there has been a big focus on pricing coming, flipping a little bit here. But on the offset are you seeing any major cost tailwinds with this pullback in energy costs, chemical prices, it did seem like freight was a larger tailwind. Can you kind of help quantify and what the potential net impact would be on margins in 2016?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, I will let Bob give you a little more color, but obviously through the year last year we did see the benefit of natural gas pricing and so there is a benefit to the lower petroleum input cost factor, and we did as we indicated on calls last year. We are concentrating heavily on the transportation efficiency and capabilities within our system and how we supplied Tom's side of the business from the middle. So we saw that, so Bob do you want to give a little more color?
Robert Mundy: Yes, I would say obviously Mark said was absolutely correct plus on there being that energy side we’re just, Mark talked on the last call about as an example the turbine project we did an international call that we got partial benefit of this year, that will continue for the whole year. So we see pretty much on all the inputs, nothing really - those favorable trends should continue. One of the reasons in the fourth quarter we did better is because really at I Falls we overcame actually the electrical rate went up as an example, but because we’re purchasing so much less electricity we turned that into a $2 million plus just year-over-year, just a fat mill [ph] problem. So those are types of things that will certainly help us in 2016.
Philip Ng: Okay, this is one last one from me, I mean you guys mentioned that you guys are ready for growth, M&A. You guys have been kind of absent from that market whether it’s the box market or paper. I know valuation hasn’t been an issue or something that is reason why you have been reluctant be as aggressive. I mean given the pullback in valuation across the board has the pipeline kind of improved or how do you seem to have valuation come in as well in as well in the open market? Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: I don’t think at the current time I don’t think anybody has a real good feel for what these current valuations are. We just know that again compared to historical valuations on box plant acquisitions the multiples had gone up. And at the time as Tom mentioned the number of plants and books of business that were available that we would be interested in were fewer and so we have plenty to do with the integration and optimization effort with Boise. So we were less compelled to go and chase these last year as an example. But that being said, we are looking, we won’t get into what we believe is a fair multiple, when we do something we will let you know.
Philip Ng: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Manuel: Good morning gentlemen. Couple of questions for you, one sort of on a volume and then I want to come back to kind of the price cost element a little bit. As you look forward to 2016, I know you already said when you laid out sort of a guide for 1Q that you are anticipating little bit higher volume. But even kind of thinking about the industry or yourself specifically, however you wish to address it, as you look forward to 2016, I mean we had a point – point and half of corrugated consumption improvement interesting looking at 2016 with half of it still going to food and bev and ecommerce continued to pick up and extra shipping day this year because of a leap year that is worth half a percent. How do you think on a go forward basis as you assess the economy and what you are seeing and feeling that did you think the industry can enjoy another point, point and a half kind of year?
Mark Kowlzan: Let me start off with that and I will turn it over to Tom. Again if you go back in the last few years for the first time and a long time start to see box demand fall in line in a trend line with GDP growth. That being said, in 2014 the GDP numbers were coming on a lot stronger, economists in general, people in general were pretty bullish as 2014 fourth quarter proceeded. We went into the first quarter of 2015 people were talking about in the 3% GDP range. Obviously bags [ph] are provided down the GDP numbers themselves fell far below what our earlier expectations. So again that being said, if you believe what we saw happening over the last few years that box demand was much more hopelessly tied to GDP, I think again all things being equal, but from an industry perspective, you got to have an economy that is going to give you that table and Tom you want to…
Thomas Hassfurther: Glad to say, chris we're not economists, don’t spend a lot of time trying to be economist. But we do look what those look their claimed their economist say about us – about the business going forward and I think it’s fair to say that most of them our consensus would be around 1% to 1.5% growth barring any foreseen circumstances. So I think you’re probably in line with what our expectations are.
Christopher Manuel: That’s helpful and then second question I had, I do get that we look in the publications and we see $15 and $20 of price decrease. But I mean, I also kind of help me think this through with the page after that article finishes up and they list key consumable. So effective cost to produce a ton of kraft linerboard and a ton of kraft medium both of those are down. Our these were 3Q over 3Q numbers and we don’t have all 4Q yet, but they’re down $25 to $30 a ton because of lower fiber energy transportation et cetera. So seeing - on one hand seeing pricing down a little bit less than what cost of produces would sort of imply that on a per ton basis you’re actually making the same or even more money. Looking at your results and looking at your margins getting a little better might suggest that. Does that seem like an unreasonable way to kind of think about things or I know you said you were surprised to see price come down but considering some of the costs came down as well is that maybe not such a ridiculous thing?
Thomas Hassfurther: I think people are not taking into full appreciation is the labor cost benefits inflation that takes place year-over-year. If you go back the last price increase was 2013, so this would be we’re coming up on three years and yet that would be three full years of a company’s labor cost benefits inflation and that is a significant factor in that cost. So even though we get some tailwind between energy costs, some of the other input costs, you throw medical into that and so that you got a big piece of that people aren’t appreciating.
Christopher Manuel: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Chercover: Just two quick ones please. One of the rationales over last two years for keeping inventories at high levels has been freight and it sounds like the railroads are now easing, so I’m just wondering if you will revisit the strategy or perhaps the bottleneck in box hasn’t changed it is just on frac sand and other commodities?
Mark Kowlzan: I think we’re seeing some box car availability that we did not see. Obviously, the rates are not as good in some cases that we would like to see. It’s not that the railroads of lower grades necessarily and in some cases some of the full mainline service rail they truly choose not to want to still serve some of locations. So it’s not as easy in a straightforward assumption as you might think. Our costs are down due to the actions that we took to optimize that the inventory and last year established a higher inventory level. We believe we’re at a level that sustains and balances out and optimizes the transportation piece of the equation. But that being said, that does offer you a little bit of relief in terms of what the rail industry is going through and so a lot has taken place with how we are managing transportation. But again on the trucking side of the equation there has not been any let up on the regulatory pressures that the trucking industry is facing and so again although more box cars maybe out there available it’s how we utilize them and our work price.
Steve Chercover: The margins have been sufficient to say that you’re being quite rationale. Just last question then, you’re obviously reluctant to discuss price and that’s just fine, is it fair to say you’re sure as heck not talking to issues well?
Mark Kowlzan: No comment on that.
Steve Chercover: All right, thank you very much.
Thomas Hassfurther: Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Okay, your next question comes from the line of Andrew Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman: Good morning. So I would just, first question is CapEx for 2016 I don’t know if you can give a number, but I know you said it would be lower, but how about, can you tell us what it would be in terms of the percent of depreciation and amortization?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, yes let me give you the number and we’re - we commented with, we’re probably going to be targeting that $250 million to $265 million which is down from the $314 million actual, I don’t have the full calculation on part…
Robert Mundy: Yes, I mean that was the number I gave earlier I think indicated that deprecation is going to be about $350 million so..
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, so 75% area, so we’re going back to historical levels and that’s what if you think about last two years 2014 we spent $425 million, last year $314 million, high return opportunities. This year it still be continued discipline to reduce capital. But yet at the $250 million and $265 million level we do reserve the right as Tom comes forward as an example with good acquisition opportunities and/or good cost reduction, high return opportunity that might get identified in a last box planned from the middle. We would update you on future calls.
Andrew Feinman: Right, so when you say you have exerted the right you are saying that if he has an opportunity you could a little higher.
Mark Kowlzan: Absolutely and as far as uses of cash Andy, if you've taken remember your buyback stock, pay dividends, pay down debt or make some high return acquisitions or high return investments that go right to the bottom line. So, the discipline was instilled for that very purpose to really focus everyone’s detention on where we want to go.
Andrew Feinman: Well, okay thank you for that. So, I – your stock is down from 80 to right now it's at 49. It was over 80 and so I just wonder how you would get comment on that in terms of whether it presents an opportunity for you I’ll stop with that.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, let me just comment. We purchased 914,000 shares of stock in the fourth quarter and so we’re going to be opportunistic. That being said 2015 was a very strong year. We are only off 2014 is all time record earnings by couple of percent and so earnings were down just couple of percent and yet the stock is down and doing what it is so I don’t understand that rationale totally. So we’re going to keep doing what we do and again we've got strong balance sheet, poised for growth as I said earlier and we’re going to keep doing what we know how to do and what our model tell us works. And with that operator, I think we’re out of time. So, I think I’d like to just basically end it there and appreciate everybody joining us today and look forward to talking with you on the April call.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co. Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. And please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today are Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our White Papers business; Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. During our prepared comments, we will be referring to slides that are posted on our website. I'll begin the call with a through review of our third quarter results and operations. And then I'll turn the call over to Tom, Judy, and Bob who'll provide more details. I'll wrap things up, and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $128 million or $1.31 per share, compared to last year's third quarter net income of $104 million, or $1.06 per share. Earnings included a $5 million, or $0.05 per share, net gain for special items related to the Boise integration, including the sale of the former St. Helens mill site previously operated by Boise Incorporated. Excluding special items, third quarter 2015 net income was $123 million, or $1.26 per share, compared to third quarter 2014 net income of $124 million, or $1.26 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.5 billion in both 2015 and 2014. Turning to slide three. Third quarter 2015 earnings per share, excluding special items, were equal to the third quarter of 2014, driven by improved volume of $0.07; lower cost for chemicals, $0.03; energy, $0.03; and repairs, $0.02; and a lower tax rate, $0.03. These items were offset by lower white paper prices and mix, $0.13; lower export containerboard prices $0.03; higher fiber costs, $0.01. And we're pleased that we matched last year's record third quarter earnings considering that lower prices and mix in our Paper segment and lower export containerboard prices adversely affected earnings by $0.16 per share. Looking at our – Packaging business, EBITDA and margins excluding special items were up over last year's levels with EBITDA of $268 million, and sales of $1.14 billion, or a 23.4% margin, compared to the third quarter of 2014 packaging EBITDA excluding special items of $262 million with sales of $1.18 billion or a 22.3% margin. Keep in mind that third quarter 2014 revenues included over $36 million of sale that related to the discontinued newsprint business at DeRidder and other divested operations. Containerboard production in the third quarter was 933,000 tons, up 75,000 tons compared to last year's third quarter, driven primarily by the tons produced on the D3 paper machine at DeRidder. As mentioned during last quarter's call, we took D3 down in September to install six additional dryers, in order to provide the capability to achieve full design capacity of 1,000 tons per day. The outage was executed safely and efficiently, started off ahead of schedule and achieved all objectives. The achievement of our designed capacity objectives puts us in position to fully optimize our entire containerboard platform and improve our manufacturing and freight costs. Also, just as importantly, this allows us to respond quickly and efficiently to future growth and service our customers' needs in a timely manner. Our containerboard inventory at the end of the third quarter was up 6,000 tons versus the second quarter levels, and about 2,000 tons above year-end 2014. As we've mentioned on previous calls, containerboard inventories at our box plants are higher than what we've carried historically due to the transportation issues that I think most of you are familiar with now. Our containerboard mills operated very well during the quarter with energy and chemical costs lower than last year's third quarter, while fiber costs were slightly higher, primarily at our Tomahawk, Wisconsin mill. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Thank you, Mark. Our corrugated product shipments set a new record, up 1.3% in total and per work day over a record third quarter of last year. This compares to industry shipments, which were up 0.9%. Pricing for corrugated products during the quarter remained stable compared to both the second quarter of 2015 and the third quarter of 2014. Our outside sales in containerboard were flat with the second quarter, and up about 12,000 tons compared to last year's third quarter, reflecting an increase in export ships. Domestic prices were comparable to the second quarter and last year's third quarter, while export prices were fairly flat with the second quarter, but about 8% lower than last year's levels. We expect outside sales of containerboard and corrugated product shipments to be lower compared to the third quarter with three less shipping days, and some seasonal slowdown in demand that usually occurs during the Christmas holiday period. Our corrugated products mix will be seasonally less rich in the fourth quarter as the produce business in the Pacific Northwest as well as the display in high-end graphics business for the Christmas holiday period normally falls-off during the quarter. However, we do expect overall corrugated product volumes to be slightly higher than last year's record fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items and sales were lower compared to the third quarter of last year with EBITDA of $46 million and sales of $292 million or 15.8% margin compared to the third quarter of 2014, with EBITDA of $56 million and sales of $313 million or a 17.9% margin. Although sales prices negatively impacted our EBITDA by almost $20 million, we were able to cut that impact in half through our cost reduction and efficiency improvement efforts. Additionally, at our International Falls mill, we also completed the successful installation and startup of a 53 megawatt turbine generator to replace four small inefficient units. With the new turbine generator, the mill is now capable of producing 70% of its electrical power requirements compared to 38% previously. I'll now turn it over to Judy Lassa, who'll provide more operating details.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Thank you, Mark. The drop in revenues versus last year that Mark referred to were driven by lower prices and mix changes, while total shipments were essentially equal with last year's level. Compared to the second quarter, prices held up fairly well, dropping only slightly, and volume was up 5%. Office paper shipments, which represent about 70% of our paper volume, were down about 1% versus last year, but up over 4% compared to the second quarter. Overall, the mills ran well during the quarter, compared to last year's third quarter; cost for wood, chemicals and energy were lower, offset slightly by higher prices for purchased pulp. There are also improvements in maintenance costs and labor and benefit costs. We had no maintenance outages during the third quarter. But in the fourth quarter, we will have an extended recovery boiler outage at our Jackson, Alabama mill, which will reduce production by over 28,000 tons, primarily on our number three paper machine. Also, our volumes are expected to be seasonally lower, and our mix will be less rich in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. I'll now turn it over to Rob Mundy.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Judy. As expected and mentioned during our last call, third quarter 2015 effective tax rate of 35% was the same as the second quarter, and about 1.5% below last year's third quarter. We currently expect the fourth quarter of 2015 tax rate to be similar to the third quarter at about 35%. As shown on slide four, cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $237 million, that's after deducting $76 million in cash tax payments for federal and state income taxes, other uses of cash including the capital expenditures of $76 million, common stock dividends of $54 million, share repurchases of $55 million, and debt repayments of $27 million. We ended the quarter with $187 million cash on hand. So year-to-date, in 2015, we paid dividends totaling $147 million, repurchased shares totaling $101 million, and we've made $31 million of debt repayments. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as discussed earlier, we expect seasonally lower volumes of corrugated products and containerboard, as well as a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products compared to the third quarter. In addition, we expect seasonally lower volumes and a less rich mix in white papers. With colder weather, wood and fuel costs are also expected to be seasonally higher. Finally, as previously reported, maintenance outage costs are expected to be $0.10 per share higher in the fourth quarter due to the planned 24-day outage at our Jackson, Alabama mill for a major rebuild of the recovery boiler which will reduce production and increase costs. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $1.03 per share. Now, before I move on to the Q&A portion of the call, I want to announce that effective October 31, Judy Lassa will retire. On behalf of all of us, I want to both congratulate and thank her for the 33 years of outstanding service and dedication. She has agreed to continue to be available to us over the next 12 months on an as-needed basis under a consultation agreement. Paul LeBlanc, who currently reports to Judy as Vice President of Sales has been named Vice President of Boise Papers reporting directly to me. With that, we'd happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy, and those identified as risk factors on our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research Group.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the bridge from third quarter to fourth quarter, if possible. I know that you had called out the Jackson rebuilds on your prior conference call, and that was $0.10. I guess historically, I thought that seasonal factors typically were in the $0.07 to $0.08 range. And then maybe, mistakenly, I had thought that DeRidder might make a bit more money in the fourth quarter than the third quarter, but I recognize maybe seasonal factors might have affected that. But I didn't hear anything else that was really going on, and I wasn't quite sure if I'm missing something or – because the magnitude of the decline from 3Q to 4Q is a bit bigger than what I had anticipated using those inputs. Can you help me out there?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Mark. You're correct when you said that, historically if you went back over the years, the 3Q to 4Q impact was in that $0.08 range, going from three to four. However, with Boise, if you think about it, we're a 50% bigger company. So on a proportionate basis, if you go through the various elements, we're more in the line, probably $0.12 a share of seasonal Q3 to 4Q. And the elements you're looking at would be box volume and mix going from third quarter to fourth quarter, mill volume going from third quarter to fourth quarter. You've got white papers volume and mix in the fourth quarter, and then wood and energy costs, typical increase. So you got those four items that now would be more likely in the range of that $0.12 area. So if you combine the $0.10 outage impact along with the $0.12, and then $0.01 of other, you get from the $1.26 to $1.03. And we did have – again, last year, we had about the same amount of seasonal costs in last year's fourth quarter, but it was partially offset by containerboard volume from the pre-build of inventory that we called out in order to support the 2015 beginning of the year heavy maintenance schedule on our containerboard business. That was about 45,000 tons of pre-build. And so we don't expect to see that type of pre-build this year. We now have the capacity with our D3 machine at DeRidder to support our Q1 maintenance downtime without that type of heavy pre-build. So in essence, this pushes some of the earnings out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter of 2016.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Oh, okay. That's...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Tom, you want to elaborate on that a little bit?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: No, I think you summed it well. I think just overall, I think what people should realize, we've undergone a big transition. We were a company out of capacity buying a couple hundred thousand of tons on the outside to support our demand. But with D3 and other productivities (16:18) we got through synergy, we can now fulfill all of our internal demand with the additional capacity, and we still have room for growth over the next several years. And so there's no need to pre-build inventory, because we can make it as fast as we can sell it in the first quarter. That wasn't the case when we were short of capacity. So I just kind of looked at that another way if that helps.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it. And that's real helpful. One quick follow-on if I could, just on the Jackson project. I think last quarter, actually pretty sure last quarter, you had called that out as being an unusual project and that next year your maintenance and outage expenses probably would be lower than this year. I think you'd said $0.05 or $0.06. I just wanted to verify that, that's accurate? And also, can you fill us in on what the capital costs on the Jackson project are?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The Jackson outage this year involves – the big project is the rebuild of the recovery boiler. That was a 1973 vintage recovery boiler. And we're basically replacing the entire bottom of the boiler, putting a new steam generating section, and doing other various maintenance work on the project. It's a $10 million capital spend, and again, this boiler will be good, it's lasted since 1973. We expect to get another 40-plus years out of the boiler. So – and this was a minimum effect of capital spend. We did study some various options looking at basically new boilers and complete rebuilds. And so, compared to a $75 million CapEx spend, we've avoided that, and we're at $10 million level, that gets us very, very good, efficient operation for many years to come. Regarding your comment about where we were with next year, we did call out that this year, being $0.60 amortization for the outages, next year would probably be $0.55. Where we are now looking the fact that we got the capability at DeRidder; 2014 was $0.48 of amortized shutdown expense. We told you the $0.55, there's going to be something in between that $0.55 and $0.48 that gets us into a more normalized range. And so, we'll give you details in the January call when we give you specifics about our plans for next year.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next caller, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes, and good morning. First of all, yeah, I just want to make sure it's clear, we did see that would call out that $0.10, and we had thought maybe the outage impact would've been an increment, but thanks for clarifying that the outage at Jackson is part of the $0.10. The question I had is – and I think you answered it, but I just want to clarify, is you look back at 2014, you called out a $0.07 higher maintenance in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, and the earnings dropped $0.10. So, that would suggest that the other impact was $0.03. So maybe the way to think about that $0.03 is that, you still incur the $0.12 of seasonality, but that pre-build you mentioned might have offset $0.09 of that; is that in the ballpark?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Correct. The pre-build had big impact of offsetting that. You're exactly right. And Chip, the other thing, last year was an unusually large pre-build because of the huge DeRidder outage, and the pre-build this year, because we don't have all that work to do at DeRidder, is less, and we'll give details in the January call. But you're exactly right.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. That makes that clear. And then looking at the – that maintenance, so I understand that, $0.48 in 2014, around $0.60 in 2015, I think you said $0.55 in 2016, and then in 2017, the more normal flow will be between $0.48 and $0.55. Is that right or did you suggest that maybe next year could be between $0.48 and $0.55?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: What I'm suggesting is that, I think 2016 is going to be even lower than the $0.55 as we look at things and as we're concluding this year. When we gave you that $0.55, I believe that was on the July call and again, with what we know now. So, I believe the number will be somewhere between that $0.55 and $0.48. And so, that's why we're saying it's going to be heading to a lower normalized number that we can provide more clarity on in the January call.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. And you mentioned – last question that you're now in a position to better supply your need. Obviously, D3 helps there. But of course you all have shifted the output of that machine more towards virgin, and I guess two questions. One is, how has that dryer project gone and sort of what kind of incremental benefits do you expect? And secondly, would that mean that you might on the margin be buying a little bit more medium on the open market as we go forward and which would seem to be a good thing, given that market seems to be a lot looser or at least there's more availability than certainly you would see on the linerboard side?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Regarding the first part of your question on the project, we took the machine down for its intended work in September. We accomplished all of the dryer work and fine-tuned up some of the wet end and again started the machine up. The outage instead of 13 days, was just approximately 10 day outage, but executed very well. Machines started up flawlessly, quality is great. And again with the work that's been done in the back-end of the mill to support the virgin kraft fiber production, we truly have the capability to meet that 1,000 ton a day of productivity off the machine as a virgin quality linerboard. And so, we can supply whether it's a medium mix, linerboard mix, that the machine has tremendous capability. And so, going forward, for the foreseeable future, we have the ability in our legacy system and DeRidder to supply our needs. As Tom grows the box plant business, and takes that cut up into the system, we will reach a point where we are out of capacity. Right now, the DeRidder facility is at its design, and we're very pleased; but regarding the outside purchase of medium; that'd be a high-class problem to have in the future years.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And I guess, the last question is, are we sort of at the end of the Boise synergies? Or as we look at 2016, do you see them helping to offset some of the cost change – well, assuming there are cost changes on the upside, although I would imagine chemicals and energy are helping you. But could you sort of update us on those synergies, if you could? Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: We've said on the July call, we're not going to give you specifics right now. We'll give you a summary on the January call. We told you in July that we were on target for the year, heading towards the $200 million run rate, and we called out a few items, one of which has been the I Falls turbine generator project, that's an example. Your comments about the efficiencies, as we said, we were able to overcome the year-over-year price decline impact on the white papers side with improvements in that business, and that was an example, again that we've said we'd be continuing to make improvements in operational efficiencies. And that's a great example. And that would be a direct synergy. So those are the type of things that we're looking at, and we're very pleased with how that's all rolled in. But again, and we've mentioned this in July, we're one company now, and we're not going to be getting into the specific synergy items. But we will give you a summary in January of where we are.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah, Chip, I'd add. Again, it gets harder, we're going to make the $200 million by the end of what we've predicted that we were $175 million, and we'd get to the $200 million over the next year, which would be in the next year. But it starts to get muddied after a while, after you get the standalone-type projects of what is really just normal efficiency improvement or what is synergy related. In other words, comes from putting two companies together. And we don't want to spend a lot of time trying to do nothing, but accounting. We'd rather spend our time on nothing, but improving the operations. And so that's why we'll give a summary at the end of the year, but it's – and we're going to make our numbers, and there's more operational improvements that will happen in 2016. We're just calling them normal operational improvements. We're not calling them synergies anymore.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Next caller, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Is it mostly...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Is it mostly due to comps or have you lost any market share? I don't think that's the case. But just seems like volumes for corrugated was a little weaker during the quarter. I mean, you guys have historically outpaced the broader market, and guidance for 4Q seems pretty soft growth as well. I just want get some color on what you're seeing on corrugated volumes?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Phil, when we look at the third quarter, and we built our guidance of $1.28, we had estimated obviously a little bit higher volume. We did come in at the 1.3% year-over-year. So we are off about 1.2%. Tom, do you want to add little color to what you saw?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah, Phil. Keep in mind, the economy is certainly not performing as we would hope it would. And I think it weakened a little bit in the quarter. But still, we beat the industry by almost 50%. And that's against, of course, record comps from the previous quarter – previous year's quarter. But we – also in the past, if you recall, when we had higher growth rates, it was a mix of both organic growth and acquisition growth. And we haven't made an acquisition now for about 18 months. So you're now talking about fewer organic growth here.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. I mean, and that's a great segue. And my next question was going to be, are you seeing a little more competition on box assets in the M&A side, and could you look to grow more organically from just building some new box plants? How are you going to tackle that, I guess ultimately?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Well, I think that – sure, it's a little more competitive. There's no question about it. You see the amount of activity that's going on, and also, those multiples have gone up dramatically. So we're very delighted with the fact that we were at the leading edge of this in terms of the acquisitions. But – and there's a lot fewer available. If you look just what's happened in the last quarter, I mean there's been some pretty significant acquisitions both in box plants and the mills; independent mills got acquired. So there continues to be quite a bit of activity there. That said, we're still looking at opportunities, and we will continue to do so. I feel good about a couple of them. So, we'll see where things go, but also, we'll continue with our strategic capital investments as we have in the past to find opportunities where they're best suited.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And just to be clear, we outgrew the industry in the third quarter, and when you outgrow the industry, you increase your market share. So your earlier comment about losing market share, it's the opposite. We outgrew the industry, and by definition, we've increased our market share. And then as Tom pointed out, it's not as much as this previous quarters, but we still outperformed the industry.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess just one last one from me. A major competitor of yours is idling significant capacity for containerboard. Just curious to get your view on supply/demand over the next year or so in light of some of the new capacities that's coming on. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You know, for anti-trust reasons, I don't want to comment on that. For PCA, we run to demand, and that's how I'd answer that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Tom, just a follow-up on Phil's question. You said that you were interested in opportunities and actively looking at opportunities. Is that on the box plant side or the mill side or both? And then just following up on that, I mean, one of your large competitors made a large acquisition of recycled mills. Would you be interested in recycled mills, given you've been more levered to virgin historically, but OCC has been lower for longer than many of us expected?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: We're primarily looking at box plant acquisitions. We would like to add to that side of the business. As far as recycled mill capacity, we're not actively looking at that. And quite frankly, I think, as Mark made very clear, our projects that we've just completed at DeRidder position us very well to accommodate the growth going forward for quite some time. So I think our mill system is in excellent shape.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just switching to white paper, I was wondering if it's possible to parse how much of the $0.13 hit in the quarter was from price versus mix. And then just following up on that, post the boiler rebuild in Jackson, is there any incremental volume that you'll be adding in Jackson, or is there any impact to the mix at Jackson?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Are you referring to – again, year-over-year there's a $0.13 paper price mix going from third quarter 2014 to third quarter 2015. And then – so again, for the fourth quarter, you're probably in that $0.11; but – in terms of the year-to-year impact, but not quarter-to-quarter.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Yeah. And then I'll just – I like to put – the only comment I'd like to make on that are; the index is down $35 a ton quarter-over-quarter from last year. There is a lot of mix impact and it really is in all of our segments. We have more commodity in our office segment, less recycle in premium. We have a more offset and less envelope in the mix center are creating, converting. We're still experiencing price erosion on the pressure sensitive, which adds to that as well. And then pulp has been down quite a bit, (32:02) down $70 per U.S. shipment, and about $80 to $100 on shipments to China. So all those components add to that mix. And the question on Jackson, I mean, the Jackson piece doesn't impact – I mean, it's the overall business mix for Q4. We built inventory for the Jackson outage. So just some more commodity in office in Q4, and some more offset versus envelope in premium (32:26).
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But the recovery boiler outage does not affect the paper machine. You won't get any more tons off of paper machine by the rebuild on a recovery boiler. Hopefully, we'll get a little more with the burning capacity, which means that we can buy – less purchase pulp down there, and that helps the cost side of the equation.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. Thanks for all the details. I just wanted to piggyback on the maintenance question, and then the sequentials, really into first quarter. So would it be fair, piggybacking on Chip's question then, that we should be expecting a more favorable seasonal pickup 1Q versus 4Q, to the tune of $0.09, you get all that in 1Q or would that be somehow spread over the other quarters?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Again, we only give guidance one quarter at a time, George. And so...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Again, and I did say this. We looked at this year's maintenance amortization of $0.60. We did call out $0.55, but we know now looking at where we are. We do believe that the maintenance amortization for the year will be lower than the $0.55. How much? We'll qualify and quantify that in January, but I can tell you, just inherently looking at the shutdown activity next year, the bulk of the heavy lifting done, we did all the big major work at DeRidder. The white paper mills have two years of time to fix a lot of opportunity. And so we're going to be truly into a more normalized annual shutdown activity in 2016, but I can't give you the detail right now. And we'll clarify that on the call in January.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Understand. Figured I would give it a shot. Now, I think you had mentioned, third quarter was maybe off a little bit from your expectations on volume. Fourth quarter, I thinking you're guiding for a slightly higher corrugated shipments, if I heard you correctly. Tom, could you talk at all to bookings and orders early in the quarter, relative to what's in your guidance?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah, George. I've got 10 days of data, and after 10 days of data, our bookings and billings are running about 1% over previous. And keep in mind that those were record quarters and record comps. So, it's a – we've got some tough comps, but we're still running slightly ahead.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. My last two ones, I'll ask them in sequence, and turn it over just for time sake. This question, I think has come up in the past. If you could remind us, what's your view on the uncoated free sheet capacity you have, and its suitability over time if you need more containerboard capacity for conversion? Obviously, they wouldn't necessarily be well situated given the fiber mix, but I want to see what your view on the optionality of that would be or whether you think a further expansion at DeRidder would be more likely if you could talk to that? And then, the other question I had with demand, this is certainly not your fault, but demand being a little bit softer than perhaps we would have seen earlier in the year. With the mills now running more normally, does it suggest that you'll need or you'll have the ability to run with less inventory in 2016 than you were running in 2015? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: George, regarding the first part of your question, we are not contemplating any conversions currently. I'll finish that comment up with comments we've made for many years now. Anything can be converted at a certain capital investment, providing you have the fiber availability and the market demand. Regarding the last part of your question, inventory, with where we are, we do have the capability to supply. But we have a lot less pressure. I'm not going to quantify what we intend on doing next year. Our current inventory is up a couple of thousand tons over the beginning of the year. We're comfortable at that range. But yeah, we've got a lot more flexibility now. That's why we don't have to do the bigger pre-build. And so – so we now have built in some capability to overcome some of the transportation challenges. But again, we don't expect those challenges to ease off. We expect them to become more of a challenge in the upcoming years, but we have a lot of flexibility for those.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Question first for Judy. Judy, I just wondered if you could talk about any impacts you're seeing so far from the anti-dumping duties in the white paper business?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Certainly. So, the July market stats with the preliminary CBB (37:57) in place at the end of June, and the ADD (38:00) announced for the end of August really started to show some signs of movement on imports being done by 36,000 tons and like a real reduction in China and Indonesia. But customer inventories are still high with some of the pre-buying that took place. And we think the impacts could begin to show up maybe mid to quarter end.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then I just – looking at the trade data the other day, it seems like you can see this drop in cut size imports, but it looks like kind of converting grades might be going up. Can you speak to that?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: I can only speak to what we're seeing in the stats, because like I said, we don't participate there.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, all right. The other two questions, I had were on the containerboard side. One, I wondered, one of the indexes moved down in the trade papers this last weekend, and if you could just comment on whether that is – there's any impact from that in your fourth quarter numbers. And the other thing I wondered, Tom Hassfurther, are you seeing any impact in your specialty business from all of these evols that have gone in? Because, when people first started putting in evols, they talked about how quick they were to change from product-to-product, and that they could go after more of that specialty business, and I wonder if that's really happening in reality?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Okay. Mark, let me answer the first one regarding the index change. I see that will have very little impact for us. The changes that have taken place, if you really read the detail, they're basically related to 100% recycled media. There's a whole variety of quality levels, of course, with 100% recycled medium and the core quality, obviously, and I was trying to find a home. So it's an area we don't really participate in. It does sometimes get reflected in grades that we do, we are in. But I think most of our customers understand that it's really about the quality of semi-chem and their need for semi-chem. So, we're not – I don't think we'll see much impact at all regarding that. The specialty business and evols. You asked what evols do. It's pretty hard for me to tell exactly what our competitors are doing with evols, but I think if I was to generalize, I would say that not much has changed in terms of how people are using evols, more output purposes. And if you really see what's going on when people install evols, many of them take out two or three flexors to put in one evol. So, if you're going to do that, it's going to be pretty hard to run a lot of graphics on it given the output that you have in two flexors and going to one evol. So, I don't think that's going to have some – having a dramatic impact either.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Sounds good. Good luck in the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Two questions for you. First, cash usage here, it looks like you had stepped up repurchase a little bit in the quarter. It's been kind of level almost what you've done all year-to-date. Can you comment a little bit on uses of cash going forward? Do you anticipate picking up repurchase a little bit? Are there – is that reasonable or unreasonable?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Again, where we're looking at right now as we build cash, we're going to remain opportunistic in our stock buyback. As we summarized, we bought back $55 million worth of stock in the quarter. We've paid down some debt and continue to pay the dividend, and build cash. So got a lot of firepower here, and we'll continue to do – take advantage of that. But again, we don't have any stock buyback targets. And again, it all ties into where you're looking at capital for the year. So, we've got a lot of opportunity as we wrap up the year and go into the new year with our use of the cash.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Second question I had was, now that you've got the DeRidder machine fully running or fully capable, I think your integration level has kind of moved to the 83%, 84% range. So a) if you could kind of verify that, and then b) appreciating that you run the demand, so you'll fill all your needs internally for box – box plants first, that remaining, I don't know, 16%, 17% that you have, how would you characterize the export market today for price demand? Are you having any difficulty finding a home? Are you seeing any further price reversion beyond just currency? Or how would you have us think about that, and your ability to continue to run kind of flat out in export or would you think about bowing that back a bit?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll handle the export pricing first, and then talk about what's going on. Right now, the pricing in export is – pricing has gone down. It's primarily driven by currency, which is the largest factor. Trade flows is another one and economic conditions around the world. So the massive slowdown that you saw that's taken place in China as an example obviously has some impact. And of course, the currency situation around the world is the primary impact. Export demand remains pretty stable, quite frankly. It's not – there's a bit of a global slowdown, but the export demand is still pretty good. We're just going to have to deal with some of our pricing issues going forward as a result of those items I just mentioned. And regarding integration level, we're currently at 85% level.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Just two simple questions on the cost side. You've highlighted some meaningful cost pressures this quarter, and you did last quarter, too. So I'm wondering as you think about the boiler and other productivity projects whether you think you have enough to offset that over the next year if these current kinds of cost trends stay in place? And second, you obviously had some fiber issues last summer that were weather-related. Do you expect weather aside to be in much better shape this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Regarding the first part of your question on costs, historically, we're always working every day addressing cost efficiencies and opportunities within the mills, and box plants and that will continue. And that's not changing. So on the second part of your question regarding fiber, we did see a better summer weather wise. And so, harvesting conditions and wood availability improved significantly compared to the fall and winter months, and early spring. The Tomahawk commentary regarding wood prices was primarily related to the fact that it was a catch-up issue that so many mills and paper mills and saw mills run their inventory so low during the winter. The pricing pressure remained even though harvesting conditions improved. But all-in-all, the wood harvest and wood volume has improved considerably year-over-year.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: So, you won't carry more wood going in this winter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we'll carry the normal amount of winter wood build. We do that every year. The industry – as an example, the Gulf Coastal region, the Mid-South region, you always end up traditionally with the winter rain periods. And so, it's a typical winter wood build. But again, what we're seeing to date; we haven't seen the fall or rains that we saw last year in some of these areas. So, it's a much more normal season right now.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: The negative mix impact on corrugated in the fourth quarter, so is that all seasonal or is there anything else happening? I know you talked about the economy being slower than where we were earlier in the year. Is that having any impact on the mix or is that all just a seasonal impact?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: That's all seasonal impact, Alex.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. And then on the cost side, so certainly, the seasonal uptick makes a lot of sense, and then we see every year. But what about the decline in oil prices that we saw in the middle of the year? And I think diesel will probably be about $0.50 a gallon lower in the fourth quarter, chemicals are continuing to come in. Is that going to have much impact on the business?
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Oil price has been down for a year. Natural gas prices have been down. And so, we haven't seen any relief in terms of transportation costs. Rail and trucking have continued to raise rates regarding overall costs, regardless of what the – what their diesel fuel was. So, in terms of fuel, that hasn't changed basically year-over-year.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: And we don't burn any oil in our boilers.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And natural gas has been pretty stable.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Okay. And just last one, intra-quarter it was reported that Turkey put in some tariffs on kraft linerboard from the U.S., I know you're not a big exporter, but you do put in some product into Europe. But were you putting any products into Turkey, and what sort of – if you were, what sort of the plan for that product?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Alex, I really can't talk about what markets we ship into, and stuff, so we'll just leave it at that. Obviously, we're small in the export market to begin with.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Okay. I'll turn it over. Thank you, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, if I look at 3Q, it sounds to me, after we've gone through everything, that really the only item that came in below expectations was the corrugated product shipments, or was there anything else that came in below your expectations heading into the quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You got it right. I mean, it was a great quarter, except we're just a little bit lighter on volume compared to our original forecasting model that we had built our guidance on for $1.28. So the $0.02 miss was directly related to that little lighter volume.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And to put that into perspective, the first half of the year, we were up 2.5%. We had forecasted about 2.5% for the third quarter, and we came in at about 1.3%. So when you adjust that for yield, that basically – had we made that 2.5%, would have been right on our number.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And so as we look at the fourth quarter guide, I hear a lot of seasonality, a lot of – around demand and input costs, and again maybe the only thing that's changed in your mind is corrugated product shipments, I just – and it sounds like we may be misestimated a lot of the seasonality here. Is there anything other than corrugated product shipments as we go into 4Q that is below where you would've expected it to be, maybe midway through the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: No. As far as where we would've expected, just the box volume is softer, but then again, it's – it all is related to the normal seasonal softness, and it's spelled out in the earnings.
Robert P. Mundy - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And our box volumes forecast is predicated on what we see today. If the economy starts to pick up, that's going to be a positive. If the economy slows down more, that will be a negative. And so there's uncertainty about this number, but as Tom mentioned, we expect our volume 4Q-over-4Q to be up in corrugated. So when you say soft, we'll still be up. We may not be up as much as we had hoped, and if the economy picks up a little bit, that'll obviously help us.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. And just last question on the guidance. I realized historically you've only given one quarter forward on the guide. But it sounds to me as if the fourth quarter guidance really isn't that far off from what you expected before. It's more – our models had differing seasonality, and they are maybe based on history versus where the company is today. Any thoughts around possibly giving further out guidance so that you don't have this volatility in the stock on a day like today?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: No. We're comfortable with giving guidance one quarter at a time, and we'll leave it at that. Yeah. I think we're the only company in the industry that even gives you a firm number one quarter at a time. So, we don't give you full-year guidance, but I don't know of anybody else that publishes one quarter in advance. So, we think we're ahead of everybody in that regard, and we're not going any further ahead.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Fair enough. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. Quick one. Just on capital allocation, maybe for Tom and Bob, if we are to understand that multiples for corrugated assets have maybe trended higher over time, and certainly you were ahead of the curve a few years ago with what you were doing, you're still going to need if you continue at your historical trend, more converting capacity at some point. Have the returns gotten such where it makes more sense to do greenfield, or basically what I'm asking, are box plant greenfield investments at this juncture higher returning from what you can see relative to the suite of acquisition opportunities you've got out there right now in box plant? Thanks guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Let me start with that again. Looking at the opportunities that have been presented in the last year or so, obviously, we've been looking at them. As Tom mentioned, there was some rich prices. We had capacity within our own system to continue growing the volumes. And so, we've been pretty judicious about how we look at the assets, and the inherent value, and it's all related to the book of business. And so, going forward, if you were to look at capital allocation into the box plant side of the business as opposed to building a greenfield box plant, theoretically you're always better to go buy an existing book of business than an existing plant. And so with that Tom, you want to add any color there?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: I would just say, George, that our strategy is not going to change. I mean, if we find an acquisition that meets our financial objectives, but primarily meets a great customer base, great management team, and obviously accretive to earnings and it makes sense for us to do a buy under those circumstances, I mean we'll do that. In addition, we'll continue to look at strategic capital investment where that makes sense, and – which we've done in the past. So if we're in markets where we're out of capacity in terms of converting capacity, and we've got customer base who desire to do significantly more business with us or they're expanding or whatever the case might be, I mean, in those particular cases we'll certainly invest in the strategic capital. So I think our – just because we haven't made an acquisition in the last 18 months doesn't mean we're changing our strategy by any means. That said also, keep in mind that, what is able to be acquired out there is getting less and less every day, because of the activity that's going on. So, those – that capital may flow into other buckets. But we'll see what comes up as the future goes.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That's all fair. Thanks for the time, guys. Again, good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, just on the – going back to the box business, Tom Hassfurther, I just wondered, we've seen these ISM numbers slipping over the past few months. And historically, they've correlated pretty well with the box business. Can you tell me based on what we've seen in the ISM, do you actually expect box volumes to soften further over the next couple of months?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Mark, I really can't predict what the future is going to hold. All I can tell you is that, as I indicated that the numbers didn't set what we had hoped they would be. So we didn't have a lot of tailwind, quite frankly, from the economy in the third quarter. But I can't predict at all what's going to happen in the fourth quarter.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then, one other question I had is just going back to this integration level. You've always operated since you became public in a pretty tight band on integration. I'm curious, if you saw a good mill asset come up over the next year or two, would you actually be willing to take that integration level down further for a good mill asset?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: I don't want to speculate on that, because that's absolutely purely speculative. And I just don't want to get into that. And Mark, that's a question it's so open-ended. If somebody wanted to give a mill away for next to nothing, that was good asset, we're really interested in things that are almost free. But to pay the normal price, no.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. I don't see any giveaways right now.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Me neither.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. Next question, please?
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today and look forward to talking to you on the January call for the full year 2015 numbers. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Paul T. Stecko - Chairman Robert P. Mundy - enior Vice President-Elect and Chief Financial Officer-Elect
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. And please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today are Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our White Papers business; and Rick West, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Mundy, who will succeed Rick as CFO effective September 1. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results and operations, and then I'll turn the call over to Tom, Judy, and Rick, who'll provide more details. During our prepared comments, we'll be referring to slides that are posted on our website. I'll then wrap things up and we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $114 million or $1.16 per share compared to last year's second quarter net income of $100 million or $1.01 per share. Second quarter net income included net charges for the Boise integration and the DeRidder Louisiana mill restructuring of $2 million or $0.02 per share. Excluding special items, net income was a record $116 million or $1.18 per share compared to last year's net income of $114 million or $1.15 per share. Net sales were $1.5 billion in both the second quarter of 2015 and 2014. As shown on slide four, earnings of $1.18 per share were $0.15 higher than our prior guidance. Higher than guidance earning of $0.06 per share were driven by outstanding operations in both our mills and box plants, especially considering that five of our mills were down during the quarter for their annual outages. The benefits from the work we completed in the first quarter at the DeRidder mill during its extended annual outage were realized faster than we expected. The ability to produce virgin, high-performance linerboard grades on D3, plus the improvements we made on D1, allowed us to make more lightweight containerboard and other specialty grade at DeRidder and shift other grades to accounts in Valdosta mills. This resulted in record productivity on a tons-per-day basis and lower mill cost at all three of these mills. In corrugated products, our sales mix improved seasonally more than we expected, contributing another $0.05 per share. In addition, lower mill outage costs, lower purchased pulp costs, a lower tax rate and other items each contributed an additional $0.01 per share in earnings. Looking at slide five, earnings were up $0.02 per share compared to the second quarter of 2014. Production in sales volume increase has added $0.10 per share to earnings, a richer mix in corrugated products increased earnings by $0.02 per share, lower energy costs increased earnings $0.07 per share. Lower chemical costs increased earnings $0.02 per share and a lower tax rate improved earnings over last year's second quarter by about $0.04 per share. These earnings improvements were partially offset by lower white paper prices and mix changes which reduced earnings by $0.10 per share, higher labor and benefit costs of $0.05 per share, lower export containerboard prices of $0.02 per share, higher annual outage costs, $0.03 per share and higher wood costs of $0.02 per share. EBITDA and margins in the packaging segments were up over second quarter of last year, with EBITDA of $267 million and sales of $1.142 billion, or a 23.4% margin compared to the second quarter of 2014 packaging EBITDA of $259 million excluding special items, with sales of $1.145 billion, or a 22.6% margin. Moving into more details of operations. Containerboard production in the second quarter was 937,000 tons, up 91,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter, driven primarily by 79,000 tons or 875 tons per day produced on D3 machine at DeRidder. The D3 machine produced 59,000 tons of linerboard and 20,000 tons of corrugating medium. With the D3 production, we reduced our upside purchases of containerboard by 56,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. The D3 machine contributed about $0.06 per share to our second quarter earnings. We plan to take our D3 machine down at DeRidder in September for 13 days to install additional dryers, which will provide the capability to achieve full design capacity of 1,000 tons per day and lower cost. We pulled up some work from next year's DeRidder annual outage to better utilize the downtime and also accrue benefits earlier. Our containerboard inventory at the end of the second quarter was down 4,000 tons from year-end levels and about 1,400 tons below the end of the first quarter. Our ending inventory level at the end of the quarter is where we wanted to be to meet our seasonally stronger third quarter demand, especially with the lost production from the planned D3 machine outage in September. Our containerboard inventories at our box plants are also higher than what we've historically carried as a result of transportation issues, which I think most of you are familiar with. Looking at changes in containerboard mill costs, our overall wood costs are up year-over-year driven exclusively by our Northern mills. Wood costs in our Southern mills are actually slightly down. Energy costs in our packaging business were down compared to both the second quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year, driven by lower purchased fuel prices and also lower usage. Purchased electricity prices were up compared to last year's second quarter. However, purchased electricity consumption was down about 20% from both the conversion of D3 machine from newsprint to containerboard, which requires less electricity. And we also self-generated more electricity at our mills, which more than offset the higher prices. I'll now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Thank you, Mark. Corrugated product shipments were up 2.1% in total and per work day over a very strong second quarter of last year. As Mark said earlier, in corrugated products, our sales mix was better than we expected when we provided guidance and also compared to last year's second quarter. Part of the richer mix, we believe, is coming from additional higher value-added volume as we migrate the Boise packaging plants towards higher-margin business. We are making progress, but the migration takes time to complete, and we have more work to do. Our outside sales of containerboard were up about 21,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter, with domestic containerboard sales down 4,000 tons and exports up 25,000 tons. Domestic prices were comparable to last year and export prices were lower. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tom. EBITDA and sales were down in our Paper segment compared to the second quarter of last year, with EBITDA at $37 million and sales of $281 million, or a 13.2% margin compared to the second quarter of 2014, with EBITDA of $45 million excluding special items and sales of $295 million, or a 15.3% margin. I'm pleased with our Paper segment results considering the earnings impact from lower paper prices, which we were able to partially offset with improvements in operations. I'll now turn it over to Judy Lassa, who will provide more operating details.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Thank you, Mark. Office paper shipments, which represent about 65% of our volume, were up 3,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter, or 1.7%. Printing and converting shipments were also about 6,000 ton over last year's second quarter. Pressure-sensitive paper shipments were down about 8,000 tons compared to last year, driven by market conditions and pulp shipments were up about 2,000 tons versus last year. Paper prices were down compared to last year's second quarter, driven primarily by changes in industry trade publications for major grades and changes in the mix of paper products we sold. With the most recent published paper price decrease of $10 per ton, the current published price per office paper is $35 per ton lower than the average price for the second quarter of 2014. Fortunately, we've been able to offset some of the earnings reduction from lower published paper prices and mix changes with continued improvements in both paper mill cost and productivity. During the second quarter, we also completed annual outages at the International Falls, Minnesota and Wallula, Washington mills. Wood costs were comparable to last year, while energy, chemical and freight costs were lower than last year's second quarter. I will now turn it over to Rick West.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Judy. As mentioned earlier, earnings improved by about $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of last year from a lower tax rate. Our second quarter 2015 effective tax rate of 35% was about 2% lower than the second quarter last year primarily due to an increased domestic manufacturers' deduction, resulting from having less tax net operating losses applied against taxable income that we had – the net tax operating losses were acquired with the acquisition of Boise. The third quarter tax rate is expected to be about the same as the second quarter of 2015. As shown on slide six, cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $196 million after deducting $78 million in cash tax payments for federal and state income taxes. Other uses of cash included capital expenditures of $86 million, common stock dividends of $54 million, share repurchases of $36 million and a scheduled term loan payment of $2 million. We ended the quarter with $164 million of cash on hand. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Rick. Before I move to the third quarter outlook, I want to update you on the progress in achieving synergies from the Boise acquisition. As we reported in our fourth quarter earnings call in January 2015, we realized $100 million in synergies in 2014. The remaining $100 million of targeted synergies consists of both capital project initiatives and other identified opportunities, to increase productivity and optimize operations. Through the first half of 2015, we've realized about an additional $30 million of synergies, with more in the second quarter than the first quarter. This brings our total earnings improvement from synergies to $130 million. At the end of the second quarter, our annual run rate realization of synergies is at about $170 million, or 85% of our $200 million synergy target. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher containerboard, corrugated products and white paper shipments, and lower mill annual outage costs and lower chemical costs. White paper prices are expected to be lower with announced price changes in industry trade publications. And finally, the September outage on D3 machine at DeRidder will result in about 13,000 tons of lost production. Considering these items, we expect the third quarter earnings of $1.28 per share. Finally, yesterday, we announced that our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $150 million of the company's outstanding common stock. Together with the remaining authority under previously announced programs, the company can repurchase $205 million of additional shares. This share repurchase program, together with our dividend increases announced earlier this year, demonstrates PCA's strong operating performance and cash generation, as well as our continuing commitment to return value to shareholders. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions please.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. And...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): ...congratulations to Rick and Bob on their transitions.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): On DeRidder, I was wondering if you could give some color on what work was completed maybe a little bit faster than expected in the quarter. And then following the installation of the dryers in September, it's principally all of the large work on DeRidder done and then the $60 million EBITDA contribution that you had guided to, I think, late last year, is that still intact on an annualized basis?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Anthony, if you go back to the April call when we talked about coming out of the March outage, we explained the problems we had had with the vendor-supplied equipment on D1. And so, we were essentially running a crippled to that period of time until we could get the corrected hardware. And also we're still ramping up D3 and working on overall cost efficiencies and productivity and continuing to fine-tune the grade mix. But we've learned very quickly on D1 how to overcome the vendor issues. And by the end of April, we had the corrected equipment supplied to us. We took the downtime and primarily changed out few of the components that had to be corrected and then came on strong with the machine for the month of May and June on D1. So, D1's proven to be very successful. We're very pleased with where we are with the work we did. And then D3, we talk on the call that we are – it's that basically 80% range in terms of 1,000 ton a day goal. And so, we moved up in productivity and efficiency and achieved our goals in terms of product trialing and also worked on cost. And so, D3 has proven to come on very quickly. And then we also identified during the same time, and this is going into your question about the September outage. We had mentioned that we're going to install probably four dryer cans during the September outage. We realized that with the benefits of the capability to produce linerboard that we had additional dryers available. So rather than just take an outage and then install four dryers, we have the ability to install additional dryers and rearrange the last section on a machine to achieve this. And so we're actually installing six new dryers, and we are rearranging some of the earlier section dryer cans, so that we have a full dedicated high-pressure section, which will ensure us that we have the ability to dry at 1,000 ton a day rate.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's very helpful. And the initial guidance on $60 million EBITDA, and I think the initial design capacity was 355,000 tons, are those two still unchanged?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're still standing by the $60 million EBITDA, which – or $0.09 per share per quarter basis. We still have that as our target. And the 355,000 tons a year is based on the 1,000 ton a day productivity on the machine.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Great. And just one follow-up on containerboard. During the quarter, Pulp and Paper Week lowered Western liner prices $10 a ton. I'm curious if that's something that you saw in the market and if there's any impact to PCA in the second half of the year?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Anthony, this is Tom. I would say that it's very little impact. That was just basically a reflection of what has taken place in the past. So it was no big impact. And of course, we're not big net outside sellers on the West Coast anyway.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone, good morning. Again, congratulations, Rick and Bob. Rick, really appreciate all the help over the years with the Investor Relations. I guess, the first question I had, could you give a bit more color, Mark, in terms of – or Tom, how you were able to get a richer mix through your efforts within the Boise system and then more broadly, within the legacy PKG system?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, let me start that off and then we'll turn it over to Tom. And if you think about the acquisition when we acquired Boise, there were few different parts of Boise. One of them is the Tharco business, which are really a stock-block business and the Hexacomb business which, at the time of the acquisition, were being run as separate entities within the Boise system. And so, we quickly identified the opportunities to integrate that entire system. I'm going to let Tom elaborate on it now.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah, George. What we've basically been able to do is kind of break PCA's DNA, if you will, to Boise. And you've heard us over the years talk about the kind of mix we run, the hard to do, the things we want to get paid for, et cetera. And so, we've been working hard on both the Boise legacy box plants, the Hexacomb plants and the Tharco plants to be able to do that. There are some segments of the business that quite frankly don't make some sense, and there are others that need to be enhanced. So, we work very hard on doing that. I'm not going to go into great details, but that's essentially what we've done and what we'll continue to do.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Was there any operational effort that you brought to improving the mix as well? So, obviously, you always focus on the hard-to-do content in the market. Was there anything that operationally you did different that allowed for that without getting into specifics? Or was it really just – which markets you targeted?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think from an operational standpoint, certainly one of the benefits comes in freight, and that's getting the business to run in the right place. So, businesses move back and forth depending on best locations. And in addition, we did have – this was seasonally stronger in the second quarter than we actually thought. I'll just add that especially in the ag business in the Pacific Northwest, with the record heat they had out there, the crops came in earlier than they expected. So that was somewhat of a lift for us as well.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that. The next question I had, again, just on pace of activity early in the third quarter, can you give us your normal review of shipments and bookings? Are you seeing any signs that back-to-school or things like Halloween are trending better than expected, quicker than expected or being pushed out relative to what your customers have traditionally pulled at?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Our early third quarter trends, and we've only got about 10 or 11 days of July to base that on, but we're up about 2% again over the previous year, which of course was a larger number and a good year than previous year. So we're kind of tracking about the same. Regarding some of these promotional trends and things like that, I think we saw a little bit of that a little earlier in the second quarter than we typically would. And – but I think overall, it's pretty stable.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last one, housekeeping, I'll turn it over. Both the D3 ramp and the Boise synergies in total, where would we see those if you – where would we see those in the 2Q-to-2Q bridge table that you provided? Thanks very much and good luck in the quarter.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: George, this is Rick. In the 2Q-to-2Q bridge table, if you look at the components that we talked about, it's really in all of the areas. We had said in our – in fact, in our second quarter 2014 conference call that the packaging mills, we were looking for productivity, optimization and cost reduction. In our white paper mills, we were looking for just basic improvement. In our box plants, we said in the second quarter of 2014, we were looking at optimization of box plant operations and also lower corporate overhead. And so, when you look at the 2Q-over-2Q, a lot of that is driven in each of the areas, as you can see, in the volume area, an optimization, and as we said on the call, productivity does two things for you, it's not just giving tons that makes it a cheaper mill cost per ton produced, and I think you can see that in our energy and chemical costs, somewhat in labor and benefit costs. So in terms of the synergy realization, it's coming in each of those areas as part of the bridge. We don't specifically bring it up because there's other things we do.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: And George, this is Paul Stecko. One real simple fact that substantiates what Rick said, once we got DeRidder in a position to make the optimum grade, not optimum for DeRidder but optimum for our system. All three mills, Counce, Valdosta, and DeRidder had all-time production records. And that translates into very good cost also. So...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the mix, I would imagine.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: The fact that we produced those – that level of efficiency on cost and volume is a testament of the integration that got put into place once DeRidder could do its thing.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Well, congratulation on the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Good morning. Congratulations, Rick. And Bob, good to be catching back up with you again.
Robert P. Mundy - enior Vice President-Elect and Chief Financial Officer-Elect: Thanks Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First question has to do with, I guess, D3. And you mentioned it added $0.06 in the quarter, so you annualize that, that's about two-thirds I think of the ultimate goal. And I was just wondering, I would imagine the other third should come from, I guess, about another 15% or so of production. And then, I would imagine the additional dryers would lower your cost there, especially as you make linerboard. Do you think those two activities, that is the additional dryers, plus the production, could actually allow that to exceed your original goal?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Where we are – we've committed to the fact that we know we're running the machine obviously better than we did at the beginning of 2Q. And as we ended up the quarter, we started 3Q. We're somewhere in that 90% of goal range. But more than that, we really worked on the quality and the cost input, the performance of the machine, it's running extremely well. And we fully expect that the financials will be there. The extra tons in terms of finishing up the incremental tons to get to the $1,000 (sic) [1,000 tons] (26:45) target, your overhead is already covered. And so, the contribution is very significant. So, going from the $0.06 2Q earnings contribution to the goal of the $0.09 is what we're planning on and we see that as achievable. Again, the machine's performing very well and its cost structure is very competitive with the rest of our system.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. I know it's early days, but do you see your CapEx edging down further next year, assuming no major obvious changes in your footprint since you won't be doing as much work at, say, DeRidder? And also, could you talk a little bit about downtime? I would imagine, I think you said in your comments, you're doing some things now that might have been done later. So, could that actually reduce the amount of downtime you take next year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Regarding the capital level for next year, until we have a better chance to really assess what the opportunities are, we're going to say that our CapEx for 2016 would be in the same range of $275 million to $300 million, and that's providing that we have opportunities, now which – obviously we've identified various things that we're analyzing. That being said, we plan on looking at a shutdown plan for next year. I mean, we saw the opportunity to move up some of these items that would have waited until next year, some boiler work, pulp mill work that will give us an immediate advantage in terms of operating efficiency at the mills coming out of September. So, again, that does change how we look at the outage plan for 2016. Hopefully, all the work we're doing at DeRidder allows us to get DeRidder going forward into the normal shutdown mode that we see in our legacy system. Don't forget, I mean, this year hasn't been just about D3, the mill. We've worked on over 300 various capital projects at the mill that was part of that capital spend for the year. So we're very, very aggressively going after opportunities to capture the benefits at DeRidder.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And, Chip, let me just add to that. DeRidder is a huge mill. The good news is – we have some problems at DeRidder. And the good news is, when we overcome those problems, that's going to get more money to the bottom line. Mainly, there's opportunities at DeRidder that we can capitalize down the road that were not in the original synergy plan. In other words, when we put our original synergy plan together to tell you what happens when you put the two companies together, immediately, what are the benefits? But after you do that, and we're pretty close to having that done, then you get into normal, continuous improvement-type activity. So, just because we'll be done with the $200 million in synergies, that does not mean – that was just an initial one-shot program, you get these synergies. But there'll be a long-term operations improvement program at DeRidder as exists in all of our mills, and we continue to want to take costs out of our system, and that will happen. And that's kind of reflective also on D3. We're highly confident that this dryer change will get us everything we want from that machine. What's really significant about that, in our original design, we contemplated making a lot more medium than we are. And we complicated the drying situation on that machine when we're making probably two-thirds linerboard on that machine. So, not only will we get to the 1,000 tons a day, we'll get to it a much tougher grade to make than we originally contemplated. Now, beyond that, looking down the road a year or two, I certainly feel that I'd be disappointed if we can't get more out of that machine in terms of lower cost and a little more productivity, but that's down the road a year or so until we get through with the first phase of this operation, and that's the point Mark made earlier. But I wanted to emphasize it.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. And last quick one is, I know you guys being so largely integrated (31:23) the market, you mentioned that you've reduced your purchases. And I sit here and you think on the linerboard side, especially the virgin quality, whether it's recycled that's made at a virgin level or virgin itself, there's just basically no capacity coming on because we know Pratt doesn't really fit that bill. And yet, the market's growing. So, I'm just wondering even with you all backing off the market, are you having any difficulty getting virgin board out there, or is that not a problem?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Well, Chip, this is Tom. I'll just say this, number one is that's one of the reasons why we're doing D3 in terms of the linerboard because we internally need linerboard in our system. And our purchases, you know, I mean, were very high before. We did the acquisition. We did the D3 conversion mainly because we needed to supply ourselves. And so, we're doing okay. We think we're definitely in a sweet spot, there's no question about that. And you're absolutely right, there is very little growth, if any, in terms of virgin capacity out there. And yet, there is still – that's the primary market. And there's a very large demand for that. And of course, as I think you've stated before, the outside market has shrunk dramatically. So, the integration in terms of demand, not necessarily with supply, but in terms of demand has gotten to the point where anybody looking at doing anything in terms of adding mill capacity, if you don't have it internally integrated, there is very few customers out there that are net buyers in the marketplace.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. One or two housekeeping, first off, can you give us an update on the EPS impact from outages as it rolls through the year?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Mark. Just to give you what we've said previously, we had said, of course, it was $0.15 actual in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we had guided to $0.16, we were able to pick up $0.01 with lower cost at our I-Falls mill, so the second quarter was an actual of $0.15. As we go to the third quarter, we were looking at $0.09, but that's up to $0.11 in the third quarter, the DeRidder outage for 13 days is an extra $0.04 per share. But we were able to reduce the Jackson outage by $0.01 per share, so the net difference would be $0.02 lower in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, we had said $0.19, and it's up to $0.20 with that. So we're now at $0.61 of annual outage cost compared to $0.59. So a pickup of $0.04 from DeRidder, but a reduction of $0.02 with the I-Falls second quarter, and the Jackson third quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then is that a number you kind of consider normal for a year, order of magnitude?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. As we said previously in the second – in our first quarter call, you'd probably look at a normal year of about $0.55 a share, $0.56. It's premature because it depends upon the amount of work you would do. But considering the fact that we had the extended outage at DeRidder in the first quarter, it'd probably be more in line still with about $0.55 or $0.56.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. Now, you'd mentioned the West Coast liner, really no impact, that there were some, also, shifts in medium pricing. Does that likewise have minimal impact in terms of your corrugated pricing, et cetera?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah, Mark. This is Tom. Yeah. That was – I mean, there is some impact. There is no question about it, but it's very, very small for us.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, you did pick up the pace of share repurchase in the quarter. And how should we read that? Is that being opportunistic on stock price or is that just a function of where your financial strength is right now and you would intend to continue at that type of rate, pretty much regardless of share price in terms of repurchase activity?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Primarily, that was based on an opportunistic situation when the stock started dropping.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Terrific. Thank you. And thank you, Rick, for all your help over the years.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations again, Rick, and welcome, Bob.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: A couple of questions for you. First, let me start with, just kind of taking a step back, it's been a couple of years since you bought Boise and you've done a lot of work. And it sounds like you still have a little bit more on the synergy side. You're working through particularly on the corrugated side. As you kind of take a look at the businesses acquired, getting back into the – or getting into the papers business that you hadn't done much in the past with, how do you assess that as you look today? I mean, you've done some work. You've got what you wanted mostly done there. Is that still something that you view as a long-term fit within the organization or something you're still kind of taking a look at or how do you think about it?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Without getting too far ahead of ourselves, we're continuing to make operational improvements. The business does not require an inordinate amount of capital to take care. And so, it generates a lot of cash. And we stated this on prior calls, in spite of some of the markets pressures, it's a good cash generator and it doesn't take a lot of our attention right now in terms of resources. And so that being said, we're going to continue just running the business for the time being. And – but we will obviously assess all opportunities that come along in the future.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: And, Chris, just to amplify on that, this is Paul Stecko. It's only, our EBITDA in the white business is about 12% of our total EBITDA. And that number will decrease over time as, if we grow the brown business as we like. But that 12% or 13% of EBITDA doesn't require a lot of capital support. And we like that free cash and we like having the ability to do something with it. And so, the white business has performed in line with our expectations and maybe beat it a little bit because of the synergies.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. The second question I had was, as you look at – you mentioned inventory as being a little higher with freight logistics and different elements there and then timing of outages. Is there a way to estimate, A, are you at a level that you're comfortable with, you're happy with as you look through your corrugated operations? Is there a way to estimate how much that's going to add? Is that the logistics, the freight, some of the other problems that'll end up staying with you? Is that two, three, four days? How do you think about that?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Let me go back and – last year, when we were into the full first year of integration of the Boise legacy systems and giving us a West Coast presence of Pacific Northwest primarily, but a bigger West Coast presence. And looking at how we supplied the system with tons, obviously, you're reaching out further on a transportation cost basis. And then with the transportation issues, with the trucking availability, trucking costs, rail availability, rail cost, we realized obviously it makes sense to reassess the overall inventory in our box plant system. And so, where we had assumed we would run it obviously was not an ideal situation. And so, we talked about this in the last October's call that we intended to move our inventories up to take that into account. And then as we work through 1Q and 2Q, I think where we are today, we're feeling comfortable that this is a manageable inventory at the year-over-year higher level. That being said, it's all being determined by what happens with transportation availability and cost. But again, I think where we are in today's world, our inventory is around a manageable level and a necessary level for us to service our customers.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks, couple of things. You've obviously talked a lot about optimization and productivity in the quarter since you did Boise. But as we think about D3 coming online, is it fair to assume that the re-optimization of the containerboard system that happens after D3 settles in is going to be similar order of magnitude opportunity of what you've already accomplished with D1?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: That's really speculative. We'll continue to focus and fine-tune on the great mix opportunities. And as Tom grows his business, it gives us that much more flexibility with how we supply the box plant's needs now. But truly, I'd only be speculating on anything regarding that question.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So if we come back to the question of outside board purchases being down, last quarter, you said, I think, that D3 could help you eliminate 200,000 tons of outside purchases over time. Can you give us a better sense of what period of time that might be?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are not purchasing basically at commodity grade outside linerboard. And we continue, as we always have, to purchase small amounts of specialty linerboard such as white top grade. But when you think about – the machine itself truly allowed us to cease being dependent on the outside market for ground commodity-type linerboard grades. And so – and we've done for years and we've always gone out and taken advantage of what was available for the specialty type linerboard. Tom, do you want to add to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Probably just say also, I mean, it's provided us an opportunity in the lightweight arena that we didn't have before.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Exactly.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: And that was an area where we purchased and we had a desire for a higher virgin content obviously. So these – the work we're doing on D3 is actually satisfying the demands that we have (43:04).
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: And Mark, to get to the bottom line, you mentioned the 200,000 ton a year number we gave you?
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The actual number for last quarter, which is one-fourth of the year, was 56,000 tons. So if you multiply that by four, you can see if we continue at that rate, we'll see the 200,000 tons. And the reason is we're growing. So not only do you have to add the 200,000 tons of outside, you're going to add the tons we'll need (43:38) growth, and you know, our growth this year is up a couple of percent, then a couple of percent on a big number gives you a fair amount of tons to add to that total. So, we'll be well over the 200,000 ton target.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. That's what I was looking for. And just one last simple question, what's driving the decline you saw in label paper? Obviously, that's a business Boise has put a lot of effort into building?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Judy?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Yes, this is Judy. So a couple reasons, Q2 of last year, we were still selling discontinued pressure-sensitive grades out of I-Falls as a result of both of the closure. Also, the strong dollar is impacting our international sales, as well as kind of having a weaker demand globally. We've also had some mix changes domestically. So we really think this will improve as we ramp up those new products on W3. It's a pretty long transition time because they're very technical, very – but we've got a lot of things in the hopper right now.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Super. Thank you, Judy.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Looking at the balance sheet, you've really de-levered since the Boise acquisition. Can you talk about what the appetite is to potentially look for other transformative type of M&A opportunities for you?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: You know, again, historically, we've always looked at opportunities, we've always been conservative. We consider what the value of an acquisition would be? What the returns would be? How much you're going to pay? What's the multiples? But, yes, to your point, we're obviously – the balance sheet's in good condition. And so, if the right opportunity came along, as we've said over the years, we'd be evaluating it.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I guess from a perspective, I just want to make it very clear because you raised an important point, we don't let the money burn a hole in our pocket. If we've got a lot of cash, that doesn't mean we're just going to go out and spend it. If we didn't have enough cash and it was a terrific M&A opportunity, we'd borrow the money. So, we look at an M&A not from a respect that we've got the money. We look at it strictly, is it a good thing to do? So, the fact that we have money, it's a consideration, but it is far from the main consideration.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That makes sense. And then in terms of smaller opportunities, you have been active in terms of increasing integration rate with box plant acquisitions. Can you talk about what the marketplace currently looks like in terms of opportunities to pick up box plant assets?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Alex, this is Tom. I would say that there are some opportunities. They're limited. Obviously, we were – we initially started this process quite some time ago, and a number of independents have been bought up over this time period that alludes to the fact there's very little outside purchases going on anymore domestically. So, they're not as abundant as they use to be, but there are some opportunities. And obviously, as Mark said, we're exploring any of them that make any sense to us.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And just last one from me, looking at your shipment number for the quarter, it looks like it's about 100 basis points better than where the industry is. Over the years, I think you've grown faster than that relative to the industry. And so, the question is, given the larger footprint, do you think it becomes more difficult for you to be able to really grow 3% above the market, which is where I think the business has been over the last decade?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Let me answer it this way. We plan on continuing to grow it in the manner that we've done over the last 15 years. And again, that's taking advantage of opportunities in terms of being mindful of the margins from the business. And looking at what that contribution is from each component of business you take. So, but yes, I mean, the plan hasn't changed, the model hasn't changed. And so we certainly have the – the bigger footprint actually gives us more flexibility and more opportunity to go out and continue doing what we've done. So, that's our plan.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, good morning and congratulations on a very good quarter. Mark, I just wondered thinking about D3, you're about 75%-25% kind of a liner-medium. What's the ultimate mix going to look like there?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: I think where we are right now, we're satisfying what Tom needs in his box plants. That being said, we have an enormous amount of flexibility on the machine because of the virgin capability on a machine making the high performance liner. But this 70%-30%, 75%-25% range that we're at is ideal for us right now, but reserving that condition as things change, we certainly have an enormous capability to move with whatever Tom needs.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I might add this, Mark. Your question is hard to answer until you know what the demand situation is out there. But in an ideal world, what D3 should make would be above 75% liner and 25% medium. And the only reason medium fits in there is that it would supply only a very low cost freight on medium. So it's a lot cheaper to ship medium into the Metroplex in Dallas from DeRidder than it is from Tomahawk, Wisconsin or Filer City. So that's a big freight savings when you can do that. And linerboard always wins over medium unless the freight penalty changed that equation. So, if the demand for liner gets higher, you might have to eat some freight. But again, in an ideal world, 75%-25% right now unless the marketplace changes.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Okay. Tom Hassfurther, where is your integration level right now?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: We're at 85%, Mark.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And you want to get that to north of 90% still, is that right?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah. Yeah. We want to continue to get it up, yes.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: That's still our goal, Mark.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. And then, the last question I had, Mark, and this isn't specific to PCA, but can you just address the issues of what would be required to convert uncoated white paper capacity over the linerboard? I mean, if we've got very little virgin capacity coming into the market, it seems like one of the things you could do is you can take an uncoated freesheet mill, where you've got a kraft mill, and you've maybe got big paper machines and look at a conversion there. Any thoughts on the difficulty of that?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm going to answer that a couple different ways. First, we don't have any plans to convert anything. But also, we talked on the last few calls about the complexity of that. And then, again, and I've stated this over the number of years that you can convert anything to do anything, but again, at what cost and about what opportunity. DeRidder was a unique example because we have the virgin kraft fiber that we made available to the machine. And so, it not only, not only made sense at the time to convert it to the medium production as originally planned two years ago, but because we had the virgin kraft availability, it was that much more compelling for us. But that being said, it takes a unique set of technical capability, a lot of what we did on the machine was our own in-house technical expertise. So, again, the degree of difficulty is great, the cost is great, and again, you have to weigh that with your opportunities. So, that's how I want to answer that.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. That's helpful. Thanks very much. Good luck in the third quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Quick question, price mix was awash in 2Q, certainly illustrating you're well insulated due to your integration level. But pricing was a lot more choppy in 1Q. So what I'm trying to figure out on a quarter-to-quarter basis, what's changed and in your 3Q guidance, are you baking any slippage on export prices or the West Coast price cut?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's pretty flat actually, Philip. But, we did, of course, tell you that exports were up about $0.02. So that was a bit of a headwind for us. But other than that, we continue, as we talk about, to manage our mix and continue to proceed forward with that and start to transition some of this – continue to transition this Boise legacy business, (53:02) into kind of what PCA's model, little bit more like PCA model.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. I guess it's that transitioning piece, right, because 1Q caught us by surprise in some of the volatilities on price. But, okay, that's helpful. And I guess a question for Judy. On the uncoated freesheet business, I know you took some downtime in 2Q. But with prices coming down sequentially in 3Q, do you expect margins getting back to that double-digit level next quarter? And just curious to get your thoughts on your outlook on uncoated freesheet prices now that the tariff should be starting to kick in in the back half of the year.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Philip, this is Judy. So, third quarter is a seasonally stronger quarter, so our expectation that that would still happen, that will help us. It usually has a typically a heavier mix to the office side of the business. And, of course, with no planned outages and no J1 turbine incident and our mills running better on costs and productivity, we would hope for that to improve. As far as the tariff situation, the preliminary ruling, cut size imports to date are down about 33,000 tons through June with about 21,000 of that being in 2Q. But we really haven't seen any of the effects of that in the market yet. But as customer inventory decrease, we expect to see some impact. How much? We're not really sure at this time. That remains to be seen. The short answer there, it's really too early to tell what's going to happen.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Very helpful. And just one last one for me. Glad to see the synergy ramp up, back on track. Appreciate the color you provided earlier. If we take the first half run rate and (54:47) a slower 1Q ramp, seems like you'd be able to realize most of that $200 million synergy target this year. Can you kind of help frame what the opportunity is for 2015? And is there some opportunity for upside going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Again, we've stated that the goal is $200 million of synergies. And we are quickly approaching that on a run rate basis. We've also mentioned in the past, we've got some discrete opportunities and the biggest opportunity that is looking at us right now is the International Falls turbine generator, which will come on line at the end of September. So, that's another example of how we get to the final run rate, $200 million goal in synergies. But as Paul mentioned earlier also, synergies typically associated with bringing two companies together and then integrating the companies. And so the goal of getting the $200 million by the end of 2016, we see us finishing up the integration into next year. And obviously, we're well on our way to accomplishing the $200 million run rate goal. And that being said, after that, the opportunities are just to continue to be accretive for the company as we go forward, as we've done in the legacy business. But I don't want to speculate on anything else on synergies except that we've got – identified a number of discrete opportunities that we're very comfortable with.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Appreciate the color, Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: To the extent you can, can you just talk about your customer exposure? Kind of – I know this is very broad based, but which customers would you say in the corrugated market are really either outperforming or underperforming? And then your exposure to the e-commerce, I realize it's hard to kind of estimate, but what kind of growth are you seeing or expecting in that market?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to start off and I'm going to hand it off to Tom. We're not going to get into specific customers. But across the board, we've seen growth in our system. Obviously, a little bit of weakness in the last few years with the West Coast drought. But other than that, I think again, it's across-the-board growth. Tom, do you want to add a little more color to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah. Debbie, we have thousands and thousands of customers. So, it's you know...
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We have 30,000 customers.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I know. I realize that. I thought just maybe more kind of housing-related versus e-commerce, like broader bucket.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, if you look at some of the – if you just look at some of the industry trends, obviously, e-commerce has been strong and continues to grow. The housing market, depending, if you're in straight building materials, that's – you can just go on housing starts and kind of dictate what kind of demand you're going to have there. I think remodeling and that sort of stuff has probably picked up just a little bit. Those are reasonably strong. But you can go through lots and lots of segments and come up with a lot of different answers here. So I would just leave it at that and just say that on an overall basis, I mean, you know what the demand is doing for boxes and it's tracking a lot closer to GDP and certainly very close to the non-durable numbers. And I think that will continue to be the same going forward.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And just one final question. When DeRidder is fully ramped up, what would you expect your OCC virgin fiber mix to be?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: That's something that we consider proprietary. But again, we have the capability with the pulp mill right now to supply again the current ratio is between OCC and virgin kraft. Again, it's no different than what we're doing at Counce. So again, we've got a lot of flexibility there. But I don't want to get into the specific ratios of virgin versus recycled in the sheets.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. But an important aspect of that question, and I'll add to it, is that we also want to pursue – we're not only working on paper machines. We're also working on pulping capacity at DeRidder because if and when, and I think it's more a question when, OCC prices start to go up again, and if they go up a lot, we like the fiber flexibility of being able to put in more virgin and eliminate OCC in the facility and not be dependent on it totally. And so, pulp capacity to us, virgin pulp capacity is another very important part of what DeRidder brought us. And that's the same model that we use at Counce, same flexibility.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And, Rick, congratulations on the retirement.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: And the next question is a follow-up question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Hey, George, go ahead.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: ...make it a quick one. As we look at historically what you've done with share repurchase, you've always said that you would be opportunistic. In fact, that's how you framed the second quarter repurchase activity, and we were certainly happy to see it. Considering, though, that a lot of the operating issues in the first quarter were from things that are usually one-off, Packaging Corp. tends to run very, very well. 1Q wasn't as good of a quarter. Would you have wanted to buy back more stock in the quarter given that you had gotten an opportunity in the market driven by a one-off factor that was operational? Or did you really acquire the stock that you would have liked in 2Q? If you can frame it anyway you can, that'd be great. Thank you and good luck in the quarter again.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'm going to let Paul get into that. That's a board matter, and we've discussed that in depth at the board level.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: Yeah. What we've said, George, is we're opportunistic. And if the stock is down and we think the reason is not a good reason. And my favorite comparison is every time for the past couple of years, there were problems in Greece, we got hit by it too, and we don't have any plans in Greece. We don't sell any paper to Greece. So, why are we being hit? And we used that opportunity to buy stock. So, we don't have a list of specific types of opportunities. You look at what's going on at the time and you make a decision. And at times, we have bought stock just to buy some and keep up with our buying program, but we mix that with opportunities. So, we just don't sit around and wait for an opportunity that may or may not materialize. We have a plan to buy so much stock over some period of time, but we'll accelerate or de-accelerate that rate depending on what we see in the marketplace. So, that's kind of a long-winded answer to your question.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: All right, Paul. Again, thanks for the thoughts and you have a good quarter. Talk to you soon.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. With that, operator, we're out of time, so I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today, and I look forward to talking with you on October for the third quarter call. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Kent A. Pflederer - Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman
Analysts: Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Result Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. And please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA. With me on the call today are Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our Packaging business; Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our White Papers business; and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our first quarter results, and then I'll turn the call over to Tom, Judy, and Rick, who'll provide more details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $91 million or $0.92 per share compared to last year's first quarter net income of $90 million or $0.92 per share. First quarter net income included charges for Boise integration and DeRidder mill restructuring of $9 million or $0.09 per share. Excluding these special items, net income was $100 million or $1.01 per share compared to last year's net income of $106 million or $1.08 per share. Net sales were $1.4 billion in both first quarter of 2015 and 2014. Excluding special items, the $0.07 per share reduction in first quarter 2015 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2014 was driven by increased annual mill outage downtime in costs for $0.08, lower white paper prices and changes in mix $0.05, lower export containerboard prices $0.02, and higher cost for wood $0.04, medical $0.04, labor and benefits $0.04 and depreciation $0.02. These items were partially offset by increased volumes for $0.09 and lower costs for energy $0.06, chemicals $0.02, and purchased fiber $0.02, and the state tax credit related to the investments at the DeRidder mill are $0.03. Lower earnings compared to PCA's guidance of $1.07 to $1.10 per share for the first quarter was the result of extreme weather conditions for $0.03, additional downtime to complete the DeRidder annual outage for $0.03 and lower prices from the retroactive price decrease by trade publications and mixed changes in white papers for $0.03. Extreme weather conditions resulted in higher mill cost and also lower corrugated product shipments with downtime at 20 of our corrugated products plants, including 12 plants with downtime of more than two days during the quarter. The DeRidder annual mill outage took about six days longer to complete than we expected. The additional downtime was the result of vendor design errors, which required equipment to be modified after it was received. Looking at more details of our operations, packaging EBITDA excluding special items was $222 million and net sales were $1,099 million compared to last year's packaging results, excluding special items of $244 million and net sales of $1,097 million. The $22 million reduction in EBITDA was the result of this year's extended annual outage at the DeRidder mill, which did not have an annual outage in 2014 as well as higher wood, medical, labor and benefits and freight costs and lower export containerboard prices. These items were partially offset by corrugated products volume growth and benefits from the DeRidder 3 machine converted. Containerboard production in the first quarter was 882,000 tons, up 61,000 tons compared to last year's first quarter, driven by tons produced on the DeRidder No. 3 machine. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventory down 3,000 tons from year-end levels. This was our first annual outage at DeRidder since acquiring Boise in October of 2013. The outage was extensive including major projects involving the turbine generator, pulp mill, recovery boiler, and paper machines. The outage is planned for 16 days due to the length of the time required for pulp mill work, but actually required six additional days because of the time required to resolve issues involving incorrectly manufactured equipment for the D1 machine that I mentioned earlier. The D3 machine ran well during the quarter at about 80% of capacity. This rate will sustain our current demand and in September, we'll be installing some additional dryers, which will give us the capability to run at 100% of capacity on both linerboard and medium grades. Current efforts on D1 involve continued product development and cost optimization. The No. 1 paper machine at our Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill was also down five days in March for an annual outage. In early April, we completed the Counce mill outage with the No. 2 machine down for five days. Other second quarter planned outages include five day outages at both our Filer City, Michigan and Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mills. Looking at changes in mill costs, the most significant increase was wood with costs up compared to both the first quarter of 2014 and also fourth quarter driven by weather conditions. Our Tomahawk, Wisconsin and Filer City, Michigan wood costs are higher primarily as a result of extremely wet weather during the second half of 2014 that did not allow us to significantly build our winter wood inventories. Wet weather at our Valdosta, Georgia mill and four weeks of snow, ice and rain, at our Counce, Tennessee mill in the first quarter, limited harvesting and drove up wood costs. Last week, there were record setting rainfalls in the south and the 90-day forecast caused for wetter than normal rainfall which could continue to impact harvesting and keep wood prices higher. At this time, we do not see wood costs coming down from the first quarter levels. We expect any improvement in wood costs at our Northern mills to be offset by higher wood cost at our Southern mills unless weather conditions improve significantly. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on PCA's containerboard and corrugated packaging sales and demand.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Thanks, Mark. Shipments for the combined PCA and Boise box plants were up 4.4% with one less work day compared to the first quarter of last year and total shipments were up 2.7%. Price and mix was down $0.03 per share, which was comprised of $0.02 per share in export linerboard and $0.01 per share for domestic, medium, and corrugated products mix taken together. Our outside sales for containerboard were up about 15,000 tons compared to last year's first quarter with domestic containerboard sales down 4,000 tons and exports up 19,000 tons. I will now turn it over to Judy Lassa, who will discuss white papers.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Thank you, Tom. Paper segment EBITDA in the first quarter of 2015 increased to $49 million on sales of $297 million compared to first quarter 2014 EBITDA of $40 million in sales of $309 million. Our office paper shipment, which represent about 70% of our volume were up about 400 tons compared to last year's first quarter. And printing and converting and pressure-sensitive shipments were down 5,500 tons compared to last year. Prices were down compared to last year's first quarter as a result of price changes by industry publications, which were retroactive to January 1 and also a less rich mix, which is driven by the timing of customer orders. Despite lower price and changes in mix, our earnings and margins improved as we benefited from operational improvements in synergy realization in our white paper mill. Annual maintenance outages are planned in June at our International Falls, Minnesota mill for nine days and the No. 3 machine for seven days. With these outages, we expect lower mill production, higher mill cost, and lower sales volumes in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. Also, on April 14, at our Jackson, Alabama mill, a severe thunderstorm caused a power failure and total mill outage, resulting in significant damage to the steam turbine drive for the No. 1 paper machine. This machine produces about 325 tons per day of specialty office papers, including colors, and is expected to be down about two weeks. The total cost of the outage including repairs, production losses and additional operating costs will be covered under our property and business interruption insurance subject to a $3 million deductible, or $0.02 per share. I will now turn it over to Rick West.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Judy. Looking at other costs, medical costs were up $0.04 per share over last year's unusually low first quarter costs, and labor and benefit costs were up $0.04 per share, primarily from annual wage increases and higher pension expense. Energy costs were lower by $0.06 per share due to both lower purchased fuel prices and reduced consumption. And chemical costs were down by $0.02 per share. Moving to first quarter, cash generation and uses. Cash generated from operations was $108 million, including a $4 million interest rebate payment on a portion of our bank debt, reducing first quarter interest expense. No additional rebate payments are expected until the first quarter of 2016. Uses of cash included capital expenditures of $56 million, common stock dividends of $39 million, income tax payments of $10 million, share repurchases of $8 million, and a scheduled term loan payment of $2 million. We ended the quarter with $126 million in cash on hand. Also in February, we announced an increase in PCA's common stock dividend from an annual payout of $1.60 per share to $2.20 per share, a 38% increase effective with the April 15 dividend payment. Finally, we do not have anything new to report on MLPs, except that the IRS lifted the pause on issuing private letter rulings and we are awaiting their further actions. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect earnings improvement from a full quarter of operations at the DeRidder mill, which will increase containerboard production and lower mill costs. We also expect seasonally higher containerboard and corrugated products shipment, and some weather related cost improvements. These items taken together are expected to improve earnings by about $0.11 per share. We also expect lower wage related benefit cost of about $0.02 per share. Cost from annual mill maintenance outages, including amortization of repair cost will be $0.01 per share higher than the first quarter. We also expect a higher tax rate of $0.01 per share, higher depreciation expense of $0.01 per share and the insurance deductible from the Jackson turbine drive failure on No. 1 machine of $0.02 per share. Finally, we will not receive the earnings benefits from state tax credits and the interest rebate in the second quarter, which together totaled $0.06 per share. Considering these items, we currently expect second quarter earnings of $1.03 per share. To put the $1.03 per share in perspective, I think it might be helpful to bridge the last year second quarter earnings of $1.16 per share. Based on current prices and expected changes in mix, earnings are expected to be $0.16 per share lower as follows; $0.09 per share in white papers price and mix, $0.03 per share in export linerboard prices, and $0.04 per share for medium price and corrugated products mix. Costs are expected to be $0.10 per share higher in total for wood, freight, labor and benefits and medical. In addition, annual outage costs are expected to be $0.04 higher, and the cost for our insurance deductible for the Jackson turbine drive is expected to be $0.02 per share. Taken together, these items lower earnings by $0.32 per share. Partially offsetting these items are projected higher volume of $0.09 per share, which includes additional production from the D3 machine at DeRidder, and lower cost of $0.10 per share for chemicals, energy, recycled fiber, and other cost items, or a total benefit from these items of $0.19 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. Statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions, please. Go ahead with the first question, please.
Operator: Our first question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First question is on – kind of shifting gears a little bit, could you just update us where we are in the process for the uncoated free sheet duties that I think you guys are involved in a petition with the Department of Commerce and my understanding is that there, the next, I guess, date is in June, but could you just update us on that? And it seems like that the preliminary determination from the ITC was, if I read it correctly, was pretty prohibitive in terms of hundreds of percent of duties they'd have to post if they can, if certain people kept sending white paper into the U.S.?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'm going to let Kent answer that one.
Kent A. Pflederer - Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel: Yes. Hi, this is Kent Pflederer, General Counsel of the company. We received a favorable preliminary ruling from the ITC in March in the case. The case is pending through Commerce right now against the producers in the five countries. Commerce is expected to make preliminary duty determinations in June, that's about all we're going to say about it at this point.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got you. And then, shifting gears – looking at DeRidder, obviously, this was the first full quarter that I believe the D3 conversion had been up and running and could you just talk a little bit about whether you are satisfied with the design of this reconfigured machine and what you feel about the progresses made so far?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Speaking of where we are, I want to remind everyone that when we originally conceived the conversion, the machine was intended originally to produce primarily medium. Early on we recognized the opportunities that we could actually produce linerboard and take advantage of the pulp that was available. So we shifted gears into the end of last year and to the first part of this year with lot of grade development and fine tuning the machine. So, quite honestly we're very pleased. The machine is primarily producing about 70% of its production at linerboard, but again we've learned a lot and we've achieved a lot. We've been working on the cost, but again it's machine that can produce quite a variety of grades from the light weight medium and liner and take advantage of the pulp mill. Paul, do you want to expand on it?
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Yeah, the only thing I'd add to that, Chip and Mark hit it, but I'll just amplify it. Most of these new spring conversions are somewhat limited, if they could only run pretty light weight grade mix, and with the things we did on the machine, we were figuring originally we'd probably run 70% medium, 30% liner. But some of the things have turned out better than we anticipated, a lot better, which is a testament through our technology and our people and we can make higher weight grades than we originally thought we could. And with the fact that the open market price of medium is now $70 over the liner and we can move up in higher basis weights, that gave us the opportunity in our system to make a lot more liner than we originally conceived. Now that's the good news. The bad news is, it takes some time, there are harder grades to develop on the machine, but we're well along on that development. And as Mark said, we're making well over half of our production now, in medium – in linerboard and that's going to pay dividends long term. So, that's one of the reasons that we're not quite up the capacity. We need a little more drying because of the heavier weight grade mix and during the annual outage, not annual outage, during a short outage we're going to take in September, we're going to put in four more dryer cans, which is at a minimal cost and we think we'll be at 100% when we do that on a much heavier grade mix.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got you. That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up to that. I know that when you all did the D3, I believe we were talking about $115 million, $120 million project that was going to create around $60 million in EBITDA on an annualized basis. And it sounds to me you still see yourselves getting there. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it's more like late in the year after the driers go in. And so when we think about the second quarter, with the $1.03, what kind of run rate would you say the project would achieve in the second quarter versus that $60 million target?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Without getting specific, we did a lot of work in the first quarter and also with the fact that March was truly an annual shutdown at the mill, which skews all of your input costs, and so even though D3 ran during the month, it wouldn't have been a normal comparison in terms of cost per ton produced. But again, we've been able to achieve a number of successes with the chemistry that would qualify to hit the target. Capital, we're probably going to be right at that $120 million all in. And as we said, we expected the $0.36 per share contribution. As time goes on, we fully expect to see that, again part of this year, the first quarter, we have that contribution that was impacted by the March annual outage. So we're more backend loaded, but what Paul just said and what I said about the success of the machine, we expect it to be there.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Yeah. Chip, just hang on – this is Paul. The only thing I'd add, the way the accounting system works here, we don't split the cost of No. 1 machine and No. 3 machine. We basically measure mill profitability and then we estimate what we think the costs are in both machines. And so it's not an exact science at this point. But I would say this, when you bring a machine, when you ramp up, you do two things. You get the machine up total capacity. And once you do that and at the same time, you try to work to optimize cost, because as you learn, you build in a lot of conservatism, the run on a machine with regard to chemicals and things of that nature. So you've got to do two things: you got to get up to speed and you got to optimize the costs. And we've complicated that a little bit by going to a more complex mix, but that's going to pay long-term dividends. And then the other thing you have to – we're running about 800 tons out of 1,000 tons, but when you get up to 1,000 tons, that brings your costs down a lot too, because those last 200 tons cover all your fixed costs, covers all your direct costs, they've already been covered. So you're going to get a nice bump on that. But our best estimate at this point is that by the end of the second quarter, we'll have a full quarter operation of that machine. We said originally this machine could make $0.09 a share when it was up to speed per quarter. So that's 36% a year. I think by the end of the second quarter, and this is a guess on our part, we think we'll be about halfway there. And that's the best way we can answer the question.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's very helpful.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: When we get up to speed and the new grade mix, I think we got some upside potential to those original numbers, but that remains to be seen.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Chip, just adding to that, and I commented on the first quarter earnings call, I believe the DeRidder No. 3 machine is, to our knowledge, the only converted newsprint machine producing virgin linerboard grades and so we are quite pleased with that. But also knowing what we know about the cost at our other legacy mills, we are very pleased with where we are in the total input cost on wetting chemicals and energy conversion costs on machine now that we've come through this first quarter. So, again, with the shutdown behind us and as the year rolls on, we feel very confident with where we are with the machine.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: And we've learned a lot. I mean, this has been a tough startup, it's a lot of new technology for us, and we've learned a lot and we think we'll apply that going forward.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. I appreciate that color on what's going on at DeRidder, that's very helpful and better understanding. And just two quick follow-ups on that. Will hopefully most of that $0.36 be achievable by 2016 with some of the additional work you are doing at the end of this year, or might it take even a little bit longer than that to get to those targets?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we're very confident again with what was accomplished in the – all of the chemistry fine-tuning. Now that the mill is back running and we're coming through getting the mill lined up, we feel comfortable that that's achievable through the course of the year.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: And Mark, just to amplify on that, as Mark said earlier, we thought we'd run primarily medium, 23-pound, and then when we got into it, we were amazed at how high we could get the basis weight. That's why we didn't put in those extra driers. There is spots for four more driers in the machine where there was an old breaker stack we removed. But our theory has been, don't spend the money unless you think you have to. We didn't think we have to at the beginning, but we didn't realize that we'd have this opportunity on heavy weight liner either. So when we popped those four driers in, in September, we're going to feel pretty good about getting where we need to get by the end of the year for certain.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. So presumably, when you say you are at the end of the second quarter, you'll be at halfway, that means during the second quarter, you are at that level or lower so we have a lot more yet to come once all this is put in place.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Correct.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then if we were to try and assess Boise synergies, second quarter versus the year ago, could you give us a sense of how much benefit you are seeing there and what the progression or the trajectory on the Boise synergies has been as maybe there's – has there been anything that's made that to come in a little bit more slowly or a bit more quickly than you might have been thinking coming into this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Rick, why don't you go ahead and address that?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Last year, Mark, there was a lot of synergies upfront that we were able to take, probably in the first three months, with the corporate overhead, that was in place. We also were able to significantly improve the earnings in the white papers business, absent price dramatically in the last year with all of the improvements made at the mills, et cetera. In the Boise converting side of the business, Tom and his team was able to take certain actions across all of the plants. It's a little bit more of a in-depth longer process to optimizing the Boise converting plants than in the paper mills, which are more evident upfront. But to put the numbers somewhat in perspective, and I think this is what we want to get across the synergies that we achieved last year and that what we are achieving now are offsetting the inflation and the price difference year-over-year. We gave the bridge from the first quarter year-over-year and the second quarter year-over-year. But if you look at what we made in the first half of last year, it was a total of $2.24 per share. If you look at what we have in price differences and mix in the first quarter and then add to that what we had in the bridge for the second quarter for how much earnings has dropped as a result of price and mix, that's $0.23 per share. Then compare to the first half of last year, annual outage costs, which would include having DeRidder this year and no outage last year for the entire year, was a $0.12 hit compared to the first half of last year. So combining price and annual outages alone before any synergies and we did have synergies in the first half of last year, so I said earlier what we achieved upfront, we would be at $1.89 per share of our earnings. So what we've been able to achieve were the synergies that we are continuing to get and what we got last year is to offset that $1.89 to come back to our guidance of $2.04 with synergies being partially offset by inflation. And we said inflation – for the year, we said that – we expect that to be 1% or 2% of cost of sale. So, the synergies are coming through, but in the first half of the year it's the fact that the outages were more with DeRidder and we've had the significant impact of price and mix.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: And Mark, this is Paul. Just to add to that. What we said is that we achieved 100 tons in the first year and we expected a total of 200 tons, so that's another 100 tons to come. But we said we'd get that over the next two years, because they were not quick hits like head count reduction where we got basically $30 million, $35 million in corporate overhead up right away. A good example of that is we have been working at DeRidder to increase pulp-making capacity, because that's a pulp limited mill and it's taken us a year, but we feel we're about to the point where we think we can produce another 300 tons of pulp a day. I have a pulp mill, which again is the synergy that's baked into our numbers. The complicating thing, and I don't want to make this too complicated, is how do you evaluate what's the value of 300 tons. Well, today the value of 300 tons comes from the fact that you could buy less OCC, and you eliminate your highest OCC, you also can make more linerboard because you got more virgin fiber. So right now, the price between liner and medium, open market, is about $50 to $70, that's a synergy, but the real big bang for the synergy is if you improve the productivity at DeRidder over the next couple of years, and increase its capacity and sell those tons, you're talking $250 a ton or so in synergies. So some of the synergy numbers you get, you get a bump upfront but then you get a bigger bump later when you get a better use for what you've created. So it's a fairly complex thing.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Another example that capital contribution is the IFalls turbine generator that will come online, again, that's a distinct capital project that we identified well over a year ago, that will be coming up in September, but that again is a significant example.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Helpful. And so and recognizing it's very complicated, if we were to think of where we are on that $200 million targeted run rate, say, in the first half of 2015, are we closer to the $120 million range now, or we might be closer to the $160 million range, just trying to see the pace of how we go from that $100 million to $200 million?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Anything I'd say would be speculative of – let's say – it's back-end loaded. We're confident that the numbers are there. So as the year goes on, there will be falling to the point bottom line, but again, with all the shutdown activity and then with distinct project related contributions, it's really difficult to try to quantify that.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: And, Mark, when you got machine down, when you're down at DeRidder for basically 22 days in a month, you don't get any synergies when you are down. So we need to get up, we need to get our system up and running before we could put together our estimates that are what you are talking about. So we're going to have to wait a while before we do that, but we'll certainly talk about it on our next earnings call. We'll have it hopefully a full quarter of steady operations on the containerboard side of the business behind us.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And also when we said, back at the end of last year that by the end of 2016, we expect to achieve the extra 100 ton. Another item, the end of this year, we'll be taking Jackson Mill down, another capital project that we have slated into the capital this year was the rebuild of the recovery boiler that was badly needed. So, that's two examples between the turbine at IFalls and the rebuild of the recovery boiler that will contribute nicely to these efficiencies.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question. Next question, please.
Operator: Next, we have Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Judy, I wondered if you can talk a little bit about sort of interplay of price and mix, because you identified both of them, but you do it together and I wondered if you could particularly talk about sort of the mix side of things and the impact of that and also the impact of foreign exchange right now as you see it in the white paper business.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: And are you talking first quarter?
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yes. First quarter, if there is going to be – if you foresee any changes as we move into the second quarter?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Certainly. If you look at the price and mix piece for first quarter, again, the cut size index is down about $10 per ton, which we have a lot of index business which we've mentioned before. And then, within that office business, we had a pretty big swing in commodity versus premium mix. So that's a big piece of it right there. The P&C, our printing and converting index is also down by about $20 and offset that has impacted us. Pulp price is down as well and this will impact both quarters, it's about $50 domestically down in RISI (35:44) and about $70 to China. And then, if you look at our entire business mix, office is about flat in first quarter, we are down about 5,500 tons, like we said, in P&C and pressure sensitive, not too much in P&C. The pressure sensitive is driven heavily by the fact that last year we were still shipping products out of inventory from IFalls to our customer. I mean, also we've had some impact of internationally of the port slowdown that we're still working through. If you look at Q2 it's actually more of the same. Again, the cut-size index is dropping about $25 per ton. We expect that we still have a higher commodity mix within that business. Offset is going to be down, year-over-year $20 a ton. We also have a mixed within our printing and converting business such that we have more offset than envelope business and so that it takes a little bit of a price away as well. And the pressure sensitive side of things in Q2. We have couple of new contracts that are going to impact us in Q2, which are down in price, and also it's been very price competitive in South America. Again, pulp is going to hit us with the $50 domestically and $10 to China, and again overall business mix is going to be more printing and converting, we basically use that as a flex grade to balance our asset, less pressure sensitive, we do have some more comp against last year as far as selling out of inventory on the IFalls grade, and then we have a little bit more pulp.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And, Judy, can you just expand a little bit on what you just said about Latin America? Is that a currency related issue is you said?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Yeah. I did. like I said, our currency as well is pretty competitive, I mean, it's one of the higher margin areas of business and there have been a lot of, again, because of currency a lot of exposure from Europe in there.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. And then Tom Hassfurther, any thoughts on sort of how you're seeing kind of converting volumes across the country relative to expectations both from the first quarter and as you move into the second quarter?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Mark, I can just really comment on what PCA has done. And....
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. It's all I'm asking.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah. Coming out of the first quarter, of course, our numbers were good in spite of the fact we were very much impacted by weather especially in the South and the North East where we have a large footprint. Looking at just April and I gave you an indication of what's happening so far in April. For the first time shipping days, PCA legacy box plants, bookings are up about 7.5%, shipments are up about 4.2%. Now, keep in mind, on the shipment side, Good Friday did fall early in April and we did have a number of plants working on Good Friday. So the shipment number maybe just a touch high. Now, of course, the Boise box plant represents about 20% of our shipment and they're not in our numbers yet. Beginning in May we'll have those fully converted to the PCA systems. So, we'll have daily data starting in May and we'll be able to update you much better starting in July of this year. But overall, we're off to a good start. And so, I think, demand remains very steady.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And can you give us any sense Tom on what you're seeing in terms of just export conditions, say where we're today versus where we were during the first quarter?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Well, I think exports still remains good. I mean, it remained strong. In terms of our opportunities, we do have some currency headwinds of course and seeing some pricing variances around the world but RISI (39:33) just announced Europe was up 25%, that's a positive.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Your volume is mainly in export, mainly SKUs to Latin America, is that right?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: It's Latin America, South America primarily, yeah.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Last question I had is just wood costs. I just wonder in the Southern U.S., is there any impact from these pellet plants, which have been opening up? Is that, in addition to weather, incrementally putting any pressure on fiber costs?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Mark. We've seen definitely the trend over the last couple of years that the pellet plants, particularly in southeast have been a competitor within the wood basket, so you combine that with wet weather and the overall harvest conditions. So, it definitely has put pressure on the ability to distribute that wood out of those wood baskets into the traditional mill needs.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Very good. I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup – excuse me, our next question is from George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I guess, I want to try one more crack at the bridge-type question specific to the packaging segment to the extent that you can answer, any of the details will be appreciated. So when we look at the $20 million reduction year-on-year in EBITDA, would it be safe to say that roughly half of that was the variance in maintenance outage expense versus first quarter 2014, the rest was the price mix issues that you enumerated and that the various cost factors, labor cost, wood cost, energy and so on were more or less a wash, just trying to put in bigger buckets if that's possible. And, you didn't get much synergy because of the fact that you were down so much in the first quarter. Would that be a fair summary of the packaging segment?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, it would, Mark (sic) [George]. If you look at last year, we had about $0.07 per share in annual outage costs and that was all in the paper mills and then we had $0.08 per share more this year, which would equate back to about $12 million. Then you got the second item would be, what you said with export containerboard prices, plus inflation, and I would point out especially in our packaging side and legacy, we have an unusually low medical cost in first quarter last year and just in that side alone, we were up about $6 million in medical. So you're correct in what you've said about the drop and that also applies to going from 4Q to 1Q, I think you had read where the drop was. We made about $250 million in 4Q and you take off the annual outage cost from that, it was an incremental $12 million off of that. So that's the key bucket and you're correct in your assumptions.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: And George, this is Paul, a little bit of technicolor around that number. We did not have an outage at DeRidder last year. We had our huge outage this year, fixed a lot of things that needed fixed for a long time. And when we look at our – in total maintenance cost, outage cost year-over-year, including amortization, loss production etcetera, we're going to be up year-over-year, because the addition of the Valdosta outage -
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: DeRidder outage.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Excuse me, because of the DeRidder outage, we're going to be up $0.11 year-over-year and of that $0.11, DeRidder is $0.13 and they hit all in their first half of the year.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, Paul thanks for that. Rick thanks for that. So, you segue to my next question which is as we try to again bridge given that there are number of moving pieces, I remember that last year if our maintenance expense was roughly $0.48. So, we're running then, if I take that $0.11 closer to $0.59, $0.60 year-on-year would you confirm that and then assuming normal operations, I know there is no way to define normal, but we'll give it a shot. Is there a way to take a crack at what the maintenance expense might look like in 2016 versus 2015?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, I will take the first shot, from the standpoint of where we're at right now, for total annual outage costs, this is Rick West...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hey, Rick.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Annual outage volume loss is direct expenses and repair amortization. The numbers in the first quarter will be $0.15 a share, in the second quarter $0.16 per share. It drops down to only basically $0.085 per share in the third quarter because we have very – of the only outage we have in the third quarter is on the D3 machine a short outage to replace the dryers. So, then in the fourth quarter, it goes back up to $0.19 per share because you have to add additional outages in the fourth quarter that we have planned plus all the remaining repair job amortization. So, that should equate to a total for the year up $0.59 per share. Now, we have not done anything to really look at 2016, this year for example, we don't have the Valdosta outage, next year we will have to have a Valdosta outage in one of the quarters, but in terms of trying to determine at an annual outage cost, it's going to be a moving target based upon what we have to take each year, but I would say the DeRidder outage, which is by far probably our most expensive outage, especially with the extended part of it, would cause you to probably have – and I don't want to speculate to the any extent, but I would think that it's going to be a little bit lighter than next year.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Just adding some color to that. Through the course of last year, we've recognized these opportunities at DeRidder. And if you go back to the legacy history of PCA, we decided based on the fact that we understood what we needed to do. We have the manpower to do with the technical resources. We identified number of these opportunities that historically if you went back into a Counce mill or Valdosta, we took a number of years to correct. We corrected in this one outage in March, a number of items that probably would have taken five years worth of outages 10 years ago in our legacy business. So we accomplished a great deal. We took on a great deal, but it's behind us theoretically. And so, that's where we'll obviously get the benefits, but again, if anything going forward is speculative next year in terms of what cost would be.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And just to qualify what Rick said on Valdosta, with the energy project at Valdosta, and other things we've done, we have been able now to go to an annual outage every year and a half instead of every year and so that's why Valdosta has one year, but then it skips, and so you work to a year-and-a-half and that's the reason there is no Valdosta shutdown next year.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Paul, I will turn it over here, but would an average Valdosta be $0.06 a share roughly in a year?
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Not sure. Well, we don't want just throw a number out right now, George.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Probably closer to a nickel than $0.06.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just to follow-up on George's question. If we take your 2Q guidance, your first-half earnings are down year-over-year by about $0.20, as you look into the back-half of the year, assuming flat product prices, would you expect earnings to be flat or higher or lower versus the second-half of last year, and I understand you don't give full year guidance, but with DeRidder ramping up and some of these synergies flowing through and lower maintenance outages in 3Q. Is there a reason to think that second-half earnings wouldn't be higher year-over-year versus last year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Again, sticking to tradition, we only give guidance one quarter at a time, so I'm not going to speculate.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, okay. And regarding the vendor design errors, is there an insurance recovery associated with that? Are you seeking compensation from the vendor? And then, regarding the dryer installation is there any incremental CapEx on that in the second half of the year, and can you just refresh our view on full year CapEx?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: On your first question, we've been working with the vendor to obviously correct what needs to be corrected and so rather than get into any legalities or implications there, I'd rather not comment. But again, we're confident that we've been able to rectify the problems that we encountered in a timely manner and take care of the machine. And the second part of your question, refresh my memory – yeah, cost of the dryer; that was baked into the capital when we said $275 million to $300 million. So, that's not additional capital.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And just a last one, how much free cash did you generate in this quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Rick.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, we generated cash from operations of $109 million and we had $56 million in CapEx, so about $55 million.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I'll just point out, this is a quarter where we have a lot of working capital hits in the first quarter, and our cash...
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: ...generally gets better through the rest of the year.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Ovshey from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I wanted to go back to the input costs side. We didn't really talk about freight. So diesel prices are down very materially year-over-year. Are you not seeing any benefit of the decline in diesel prices on your business?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: The issue has been not just the diesel costs, but it's been the availability of truck and rail, and obviously rail rates haven't been coming down. And truck rates, because of the demand for the truck fleet that's available in this country, prices have remained high and are going higher because they have the ability to command price in terms of the trucking industry. So even though diesel's come down, in general we're not seeing the benefit of it.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, Mark. And maybe thinking about the balance of the year, is it fair to think about freight as more of a push on the cost side?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's just, yeah, speculative on my part. So I really don't want to comment.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then, just going back to D3, wanted to clarify a couple of things that you said. So you said you'd be running at about 80% of the stated annual capacity in the second quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We are actually – we've run at the 80% rate year-to-date and, obviously, part of that was because again we made the conscious decision to shift the machine over to predominantly linerboard machine. And so the drying rates are a little more demanding in terms of the heavier weight mix we have on the machine. So we'll probably be in this 80% range until we add dryers in the September outage to take advantage of the incremental dryer opportunity.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. And so the mix currently right now is about 70% linerboard and 30% medium?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Correct. That's a good number.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, got you. Very helpful. And then, last question. So on the export side, can you just remind us again what your export position is, kind of a rough number of how many tons you expect to put into the export market on an annual basis and how that breaks out between the different regions around the world?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'm not going to break out the various regions, Alex, but I will say that we're about 5% export, so it's a fairly small piece of our total revenue and total output. We are more concentrated in Latin America and South America, and Asia to some extent and less in Europe, but that's kind of – that's about the best color I can add to that for you.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Yeah, let me just clarify that a little bit. It's around 5% of our tonnage, but since paper sells for, pick a rough number, half of what a box costs, it's really only 2.5% or 3% of our sales.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, okay. Thanks for everybody's input. I'll turn it over.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Two questions. First, Tom, are you making any significant changes in your existing box plant converting capacity to accommodate the new D3 volumes or should we expect you to be spending some money there? I'm just wondering how much your existing system can handle of new tonnage. And second, a question for Judy. Does the decline in tonnage in white paper help or hurt margins? I'm just trying to get a sense to – it's specialty volume that was lost, but then you have the offset of the purchased pulp.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Mark, this is Tom. I'll take the first question. Let me remind you that we have been purchasing outside 200,000 tons. So...
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Right.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: ...the D3 output will go into our box plants and that's why it's so vitally important that we were able to produce linerboard as opposed to just lightweight mediums, because that's where the important need is in our box plants and, of course, in the conversion process you use two liners to every one medium. So we will absorb this D3 output right into our box plants as a result of the outside tonnage that we currently purchase and the growth rates that we've had on a pretty consistent basis.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So that rebalancing process is more or less eliminating the issue for you?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Right.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Well, it's eliminating the issue of having outside purchases.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Right, exactly.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: And being able to consume internally, yes.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Right. Perfect. Okay.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Again in the first quarter, we did not purchase any outside tonnage except for specialty grades, which is what we've traditionally done.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Perfect. Okay.
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Okay. So the second half, if I understand your question correctly, it's around the impact of pressure-sensitive and market pulp on the margin. If you look at it, the pressure sensitive is a pretty small business. And so it's not a huge – it does – I mean, like I said, it does take the margins down a little bit as well as pulp, but again it just kind of piles on to the bigger – what's going on in office.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So on balance, it was probably a net positive overall then, just those two items, right?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question, please?
Operator: Next we have Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. You've highlighted export prices as a headwind. How much of that is tied to you selling more tons into the export market post-D3, or is that just a function for the erosion in export prices? And ultimately, what are you guys baking in into your 2Q guidance for export prices?
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Well, again, we're not – the D3 production is staying within our own system. So that is not being produced for export. So where we are in terms of any export/domestic sales is just balancing out our system quarter-to-quarter.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President-Corrugated Products: Mark, do you have anything to add to that?
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, I don't have anything to add, no.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then can you provide some color more on the mix headwind that you guys called out? It's a bit more pronounced than I would have expected.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Rick, go ahead.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I don't – I think Judy, in terms of price and mix, we calculate it all together. When we gave the numbers in the bridge, $0.09 per share year-over-year in white papers and Judy explained all the components, and then we gave $0.03 in export liner prices year-over-year in 2Q. And then in domestic medium and corrugated products mix, we had $0.04 per share, which gave us a total in 2Q to 2Q, and then you had the amount in the bridge, Phil, for the first quarter. So it's a combination of price and mix; it's predominantly more price than mix, but it's – in general, it's been through the different product lines that Judy expanded upon in white papers.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. I mean on the corrugated and medium side, I guess it was – it is a big – larger hit than I would have expected since most of your business is integrated. So were there any dynamics, just the way you're selling in terms of boxes or is it just a function of more – I'm just curious, because it seems to be more pronounced than I would have expected, the white paper part, I could appreciate it.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Phil, it's just more a function of when the specialty products happen to ship in a particular quarter, something like that. So it was a little lighter in the first quarter than in comparison to the same timeframe a year ago. So it's just more timing more than anything else. It's a small number. Medium, obviously, those published prices dropped, now up to $20, so – and as Paul alluded to earlier, there is quite a spread now between liner and medium. So that's a larger portion of the $0.04 that Rick's talked about.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess I'll just take a crack at what Anthony was trying to parse out earlier. I mean if you – can you help us frame what the headwinds – how much of the headwinds that you saw in the first half would dissipate in the back half? And I'd appreciate, a big chunk of that to D3, weather and then perhaps adjusting for maintenance, but can you kind of help us quantify what can roll off in the back half?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, it's – again it's too speculative.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: No problem. And just one last one for me, then I guess on capital employment. I appreciate you guys raised your dividend. Historically, you guys have been very opportunistic when your stock sells off. Do you kind of viewed the recent pullback as buying opportunity, how should we be thinking about stock buybacks this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, again, we talked before CapEx, acquisitions, dividends, and share buybacks, so again those are – it remains those four talking points. So, again, we'll consider all of that and that's generally a board matter.
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Just to amplify on the dividend, because we did announce a dividend increase. We thought in this low yield environment that we're in, that yield would be important to our investors, because it's – you get that while you wait for better things to happen if you will. And so, we think having a good yield to import and then our story on share buybacks has never changed. We tend to remain opportunistic in share buyback and if something happens in a world like group debt causes things to happen that we don't think should affect us, that could create a buying opportunity and we've been fairly successful in doing that over the past three years or four years. And we're going to continue that sort of philosophy as opposed to just steadily buying a little bit every day.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks for that.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question. We'll take one more question if anybody has anything.
Operator: Next, we have Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up and that we really appreciate the bridge that you laid out. You did in the second quarter really explicitly talk about the synergies year-over-year. Are you netting those synergy benefits against inflation so that underlying inflations actually higher than what you have in that bridge? I'm just trying to understand where the synergies fit in the second quarter bridge that you highlighted to us. Thanks.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Al, this is Rick West. You're absolutely correct. Our accounting systems don't allow us to really bridge the two, some you can, but you're definitely right. If had there not been synergies and that's what I alluded to when I did the first half of the year comparison, the bridge numbers would have been worse. So there is an embedded benefit of synergies in those numbers.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that Rick, that helps. And then just my last or follow-on question is just on DeRidder and it sounds like we're at 80% production. We are at well below that in terms of expected run rate to full earnings. So is this just higher costs until you optimize it and where, specifically, you mentioned the dryers, but again just bridging the gap between the 80% production levels and the earnings contribution, where that gap really lies and again confirming that you think you're going to get there at the end of the year?
Paul T. Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman: Well, again, if you go back to a normal startup curve on the paper machine or any paper machine whether it's a new machine or a converted machine, first quarter, we're still on the curve of learning, but also when we shift to the grade mix, significantly to liner, liner inherently has a higher input cost wetting chemicals, et cetera. And so, we very quickly were able to address the input cost, chemicals and so, again, we feel going forward we have a very competitive cost position, but I think you also said there's inflation at play. And so, inflation is there, but just summarizing, we feel confident the machine is going to contribute what we've been saying and it's more back end loaded obviously.
Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But, let me just add to that. You're right on cost. Our costs are higher than they will be when we optimize, but don't forget the thing that I mentioned earlier on the call, we're running at 80% of capacity. The last 20% that we get is probably has a cost of $150 a ton lower than the first 80%, because all your fixed costs have already been absorbed, all your labor is already been absorbed. So as last 20%, the cost is really low and that will bring down your costs a lot because the incremental margin is so high, because you've already absorbed all these other costs on the first 80%. And then, in the meantime, as we develop these grades and learn to make them better, the costs are coming down. But you're right, our costs are disproportionately high to the production rate because of the reasons I just gave you.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That's really helpful. I appreciate that. Okay, last question for Judy. Just on the white paper side, the office papers, you guys markedly outperformed the industry in the first quarter, and I wondered if you could talk to that and sort of – if that outperformance you think is sustainable?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: So (1:05:36) shipment piece of the office papers business, we have just seen strong performance with our key customers and we'll continue with those key customers and hope to see that going throughout the year.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. All right. But, I mean, any sense of just that level of outperformance, Judy, like you said being up in a down market is pretty notable. So I don't know if that's something you think you can continue to do or is there some timing variances in there?
Judith M. Lassa - Senior Vice President-Paper: So the bulk of our performance in Q1 is synergies and that will continue. And, again, from a standpoint of our strong office business, performance by our customers and we expect that to hold.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Got it.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just to add on that, we've got a lot of synergies in a white paper business on a much smaller volume than is in the brown business. So synergies really made a big difference there because they are substantial and they're on a lot smaller business than the brown business.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That helps. It's good to see. All right. Thanks and good luck.
Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. With that, operator, the time is up, and thank everybody for joining us today, and we'll talk to you on the 2Q call in July. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer Paul Stecko - Chairman Richard West - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Tom Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Packaging Judy Lassa - Senior Vice President, Paper
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Anthony Pettanari - Citigroup Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Philip Ng - Jefferies Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities Scott Gaffner - Barclays Al Kabili - Macquarie Mark Wide - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter and full year earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our packaging business; Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our white papers business, and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and then turn the call over to Tom, Judy and Rick who will provide further details. I’ll wrap things up and then we’ll be glad to take questions. Yesterday we reported fourth quarter net income of $98 million or $1 per share. Fourth quarter net income included charges for the Boise integration and DeRidder mill restructuring of $16 million or $0.16 per share, including cash charges of $13 million or $0.13 per share and non-cash charges of $3 million or $0.03 per share. Excluding these special items, fourth quarter 2014 net income was $114 million or $1.16 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2013 net income of $102 million or $1.05 per share and third quarter of 2014 net income of $124 million or $1.26 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1,434 billion compared to fourth quarter 2013 net sales of $1.264 billion and third quarter 2014 net sales of $1.519 billion. We also reported record full year of earnings excluding special items of $459 million or $4.66 per share compared to 2013 earnings excluding special items of $325 million or $3.33 per share. Net sales in 2014 were a record $5.9 billion compared to $3.7 billion in 2013. Full year earnings including special items were $393 million or $3.99 per share compared to 2013 earnings of $441 million or $4.52 per share. Excluding special items, total company EBITDA in 2014 was $1.144 billion compared to $751 million in 2013. Details of special items for both the fourth quarter and full year were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release. Excluding special items, the $0.10 per share reduction in fourth quarter 2014 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2014 was driven primarily by higher annual mill outage costs $0.07, lower white paper prices and mix $0.03, a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products $0.03, lower corrugated product shipments with three less shipping days were $0.02, and higher wood costs $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher containerboard volume driven primarily by the production on D3 machine at the DeRidder, Louisiana mill for $0.04, and lower taxes $0.04 related in part to the passage of the federal tax extenders package in December. In total, fourth quarter results came in where we expected except that White paper prices and mix were lower and taxes were better. Looking at more details of our fourth quarter operations, packaging EBITDA excluding special items was $250 million on sales of $1.122 billion which equates to a 22.3% margin. For the year excluding special items, packaging EBITDA was $1.015 billion and sales were $4.54 billion which equates to a 22.4% margin. Containerboard production in the fourth quarter was 927,000 tons, up 69,000 [ph] tons over the third quarter of this year. The higher production was primarily from the DeRidder Number 3 machine which produced 58,000 tons during the quarter after starting up on October the 17. As a result of the D3 production, we were able to reduce the outside purchases of containerboard which averaged about 17,000 tons per month through October down to 4,500 tons in December. In 2015, we plan to eliminate all purchases except for speciality grades that we do not produce. During the quarter we did increase our containerboard inventories by 45,000 tons. We need the addition of inventories during the first half of 2015 to help offset reduce production with four of our five containerboard mills down for their annual outages. In the first quarter our two largest mills, Counce and DeRidder will be down and together with these two outages will reduce production by about 40,000 tons. The Counce outage will continue into the second quarter and will also have our Tomahawk and Filer City media mills down for their outages. In addition, in the first quarter there are two less mill production days than in the fourth quarter with February being the 28th day month, so that is an additional 20,000 ton less production bringing the total loss production to 60,000 tons. Fortunately we will have the D3 machine available for the full quarter so that along with our other mills running well should offset some of the loss production. I now would like to turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on PCA’s containerboard and corrugated packaging sales and demand.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Our corrugated products demand was strong and steady throughout the quarter. With the partial quarter of Boise shipments after the October 2013 acquisition. Corrugated products shipments were up 11% over the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding Boise, PCA’s fourth quarter shipments were up 5.4% in total and per workday with the same number of workdays each year. The acquisition of Crockett Packaging in April 2014 contributed about 1.5% of the shipments increase. For the year, PCAs corrugated product shipments excluding Boise were up 4.7% in total and 4.3% per workday with one more workday and about 1% of the increase came from the acquisition of Crockett. Including Boise, PCA shipments for the year were up in total 25.5% and per workday 25%. Prices for corrugated containers were essentially flat during the fourth quarter, but mix was seasonally weaker in the last half of the quarter maybe a little more than normal as we are seeing some customers moving more of their display and other value added business earlier in the year. Our outside sales of containerboard were up 5000 tons compared with the third quarter and down about 7000 tons compared with the fourth quarter of last year including Boise tons in both years. Pricing for domestic containerboard sales was flat with the third quarter. Export prices were down a little in the quarter with reduced earnings by about a $0.01 [ph]. Looking at current corrugated shipments data for the first 13 days of January PCA bookings for corrugated products are up 5% over the same period last year and shipments are up 7.4% so we were off to a good start in the first quarter. I should note however for comparison purposes the shipments numbers are probably overstated by about 2% because January 2nd was not a recognized FDA shipping day but about half of our box plant operated that day. I will now turn it over to Judy Lassa, who will discuss white papers.
Judy Lassa: Thank you, Tom. Our paper segment EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2014, was $45 million on sales of $284 million, which equates to a 15.8% margin. Our white paper mills ran well, producing 287,000 tons in the fourth quarter. We did have our Jackson, Alabama mill down seven days in November for its annual maintenance outage, which reduced production by about 10,000 tons and increased operating costs. Office paper shipments during the fourth quarter were down 6% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. During the past year, we elected to exit some business which reduced our shipments. Printing and converting and pressure-sensitive paper shipments were down 12,500 tons compared to last year’s fourth quarter, driven by the International Falls Minnesota machine closures in the fourth quarter of last year. Industry publications reduced office paper prices by $10 per ton in November and an additional $5 per ton in December. The November price reduction did impact our fourth quarter office paper prices. Our overall mix was unfavourable and we saw slightly lower prices for both printing and converting and pressure sensitive papers. Excluding special items, 2014 EBITDA was $186 million, up $53 million or 40% from 2013 full year EBITDA which included two periods owned by Boise and PCA. Sales were $1.2 billion in 2014. I will now turn it over to Rick West.
Richard West: Thank you, Judy. PCA generated cash from operations in the fourth quarter of $179 million and for the year $736 million. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter were $165 million and for the year $420 million. Common stock dividends of $39 million or $0.40 per share were paid in the fourth quarter and we made $78 million of cash tax payments Total debt reduction since the acquisition of Boise on October 25, 2013 is $300 million, and our long-term debt is now at $2.355 billion. We ended the quarter with $125 million in cash on hand. As we normally do at the beginning of each year, PCA provides estimates for certain 2015 [ph] items. We expect total capital expenditures to be between $275 million to $300 million. DD&A is expected to be $345 million, up $5 million over 2014 recurring DD&A which excludes accelerated depreciation for the DeRidder restructuring. Pension expense is expected to be $30 million, up $5 million over 2014. We expect to make minimal cash, pension payments. The combined federal in state effective in cash tax rate is expected to average about 35.5%. Based on our current long term debt with current LIBOR rates, interest expense in 2015 would be about $90 million and cash interest payments would be about $86 million, up $9 million over 2014. Based on current plan annual maintenance outages at our mills, the total earnings of these impact of these outages including loss production, the direct cost that could increase is associated with the outages and repair cost during the outages is expected to be $0.55 per share. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2015 is $0.13 per share in 1Q, $0.16 per share in 2Q, $0.08 per share in 3Q and $0.18 per share in the fourth quarter of 2015. In terms of MLPs we do not have anything new to report on our MLP deliberations other than we are continuing our modelling and tax analysis efforts as we await action from the IRS on our request for a private letter ruling which was filed in November. Before I turn it over to Mark, beginning with reporting our first quarter 2015 results in April, we will return to reporting our year-over-year results rather than sequentially quarter to quarter. We now have a full year’s operation with Boise, which for comparison purposes will allow us to go back to our traditional method of reporting results. I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. In summary, 2014 was a very successful transitional year for PCA with the integration of the Boise acquisition and the completion of the redesigned, rebuilt and start up of the DeRidder number 3 machine to produce containerboard. All areas of the company worked hard to accomplish these objectives and it shows in our reported results, with earnings per share up 40% and EBITDA up 52% excluding special items. As you know we raised our synergy estimates after the Boise acquisition from $105 million at the time of the acquisition to $175 million on July 22, 2014 when we reported second quarter earnings. During 2014, synergies of $100 million or $0.65 per share were realized. Over the next two years we are now estimating that our total synergies will increase from $175 million to $200 million. Looking ahead, our earnings in the first quarter are normally lower than the fourth quarter and that is again the case this year. We expect loss containerboard production of about 60,000 tons and higher operating cost from annual maintenance downtime at our two large containerboard mills and two less production days compared to the fourth quarter. This will be essentially offset by lower amortization of annual outage repair cost. Corrugated product shipments are expected to be seasonally lower and white paper prices are expected to be lower with a full quarter’s impact of published price decreases. Seasonally colder weather will increase wood, energy and chemical cost. In addition, labor and benefit cost will be higher with annual wage increases and timing related benefit payments. These items will be partially offset by the higher production on D3 paper machine and lower interest expense from an annual interest rebate on a portion of our debt. Everything considered, we currently expect first quarter earnings of $1.07 per share to $1.10 per share. With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you some of the statements we’ve made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, Operator, I’d like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America
George Staphos: Congratulations on the year and thanks for the detail. My general line of questioning is aimed at either trying to bridge into first quarter or look at year-on-year trends. I guess the first question I had is, you know if we look at the impact of Boise both in terms of synergies and the add from D3, is it possible to isolate how much EBITDA that contributed in fourth quarter and/or into the first quarter when we look back at prior year period?
.:
Richard West: Okay [ph] George I’ll take a shot at those questions. Let me start first with looking at 1Q 2015 earnings guidance you know versus last year’s first quarter the $1.08 per share. And you know if we look for things it should improve last year’s first quarter earnings of $1.08 per share compared to this year’s first quarter earnings, we do have additional synergies of $0.16 per share compared to last year’s first quarter. And that equates to about $100 million more work. We had $25 million annual run rate in the first quarter of last year with all of the things we did immediately after the acquisition. We now have the additional $100 million in the first quarter of this year so that adds $0.16 per share. Secondly, if you look at our corrugated products growth for last year and our mill production that adds an additional $0.10 per share so a total of $0.26 per share compared to last year. There is three items that offset that. The first item is that we do have higher annual outage cost in this year’s first quarter compared to last year’s first quarter up $0.07 per share and last year’s first quarter we only had the Counse mill down, and which was about 22,000 tons. In this year’s first quarter we have both the Counse and DeRidder mills down. The DeRidder mill was not down last year, it was a year that we did not have an outage, this year is the more extended outage and if we do have some additional direct cost in buying purchase electricity because we have the turbine down for a seven year inspection which does make the number higher, so that’s $0.07 per share off. In addition to that, a normal inflation and other cost increases after taking into account the positive impact of natural gas and some other what I would call deflationary items. The net of the inflation is $0.10 per share year-over-year, so that’s a hit turning to $0.10 per share. Finally, and looking at price and mix compared to last year’s first quarter, that down about $0.10 per share and is primarily an export containerboard in white papers. Now in terms of the bad weather last year if I recall correctly we did say some of that showed up in the first quarter, some of it showed up in the second quarter. In terms of this year, one of the reasons that we gave the range of $1.07 to $1.10 is the factor of whether not knowing what will occur for the remainder of the quarter, and so that’s what is represented in the range. So that’s basically year-over-year a lay out of our earnings. And as Mark said earlier in relation to your other question with Boise, contribution to PCAs earnings and I’ll just say for the full year he said, we did realize a $100 million of synergies plus the EBITDA that we purchased, so they were a major part of our increase in earnings year-over-year.
George Staphos: Thank you, that’s very helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub: And following up a little bit more on that, and trying to understand, so the additional $0.07 outage, you had previously mentioned that in total there is $0.55 for all outages this year. Was that a similar apples-to-apples number being used there? It says the outage, the $0.07 you were talking about does that include lost production that's not included in the $0.55, all outages numbers you had talked about previously?
Richard West: It’s a comparative number for all periods in the first quarter of last year. Our total outage cost was about $0.07 per share and this year it’s about $13.5 per share and that does include all three components. In the press release we did say and looking at 3Q to 4Q when you take into account all of the items that make up the difference in the 60,000 tons which includes the outages plus the two additional, the two days of less production driven by February, that’s really offset by the lower repair cost amortization which does go from the fourth quarter from $0.14 to zero. So you’re getting a $0.14 positive, but that’s going from 4Q to 1Q. But in terms of the overall impact for the year with the DeRidder outage we’re going from a total annual outage cost in 2014 of about $0.48 per share to about $0.55 as I said earlier for 2015 and all of that is being driven by the DeRidder outage in the first quarter of the additional $0.06 so we are absorbing that entire increase in the first quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: And Mark as Rick said earlier the reason for that big difference is we had no annual outage at DeRidder last year. And we have an extra one and its – it’s now our largest mill.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, that’s very helpful. And just quick follow up if I could, on the, the synergies I think you indicated that you’re at -- at about $125 million run rate expected for this quarter your target is now for $200 can you give us a sense of the timeline of when you would expect to get to that $200 million run rate?
Richard West: Yes, Mark you know we are anticipating over the next two years 2015, 2016 we should achieve that and again as the year rolled on last year we continued to discover little opportunities. One example of that is the new turbine generator that we are currently installing currently International Falls mills so that’s just an example of our internal project that we’ve gone after very quickly to bring to the bottom line, reduce energy and efficiency of the mill.
Paul Stecko: Yes I guess another one Mark, this is Paul Stecko that we can mention and Mark and his people have done some outstanding work at DeRidder which is a pulp limited mill. We’re out of pulping capacity there that’s why we buy purchase OCC for D3. But we have come up with some very good ideas to debottle neck the pulp mill and get more pulp production and we’re making some changes as a matter of fact they will get some of that on its annual outage here in the brown stock washing area, but that is a fairly good part of the reason we’ve increased the synergies because of the additional pulp capacity we can bring on in a pulp limited mill.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon from Vertical Research
Chip Dillon: Yes, good morning. Could you talk about the DeRidder ramp-up? I know you started that in October and you usually take some time before you get the full benefit. I think you were saying you expect it to have a net benefit of about $60 million of EBITDA. And I know some of that is from the forgone purchases. So could you tell us sort of where we stand with that and how much more is left?
Richard West: Yes, when we started off in October we talked about the anticipated curve and at this point we are very pleased with where we are. We did realize about $0.04 I believe on the fourth quarter benefit from the production of that machine. And as you would expect you know during the start up period, start up expenses costs are going to be higher. So that would impact the benefit and you know again net benefit is down initially. And as time rolls on your cost reduced, your efficiency is improved. And again we did take advantage of the time in the late November, early December to do a lot of great development which we had not anticipate, and not anticipated being able to take advantage of until later. So that was some of the costs that was incurred, but again it help to get ahead of the curve and prepare the machine to supply necessary tons into our system. So again with the numbers that we did layout for the project, we still standby the numbers and again, I think you’ll see that as the year goes on, that the machine has been performing well, I think if you look at the machine performance on efficiency basis the DeRidder 3 machine is running as well as any other machine in our legacy system, so quite pleased. And again what Paul has said about the work we’ve been doing with the pulp mill we have been able to free up more virgin capacity and that has allowed us to undertake the great development sooner, and so we’re pleased there. So again we’re still holding with the numbers we had thought. 
Richard West: Yes. Let me just add one thing. When the startup of the machine, this is a very difficult conversation, we’re doing some things that haven’t been done before and we’re in even for our own self and some uncharted regions. And we have had a few problems along the way, minor in nature that will rectify during our outage at DeRidder in the first quarter. Mark said our efficiencies are very good and they all are, but we’re not able to run that machine full speed yet because of some modifications that we have to make, and we will make. So we’re been held back little bit on top end in terms of making a lot more tons until we correct a few things. But the good news is we’re excited about that of what this machine can do and what we’ve found in our great development activities, now we just got to make some modifications. That’s the first point. And that will be completed by the end of first quarter. Secondly on the startup you have two types of startups. One is on production. Can you ramp this machine up from nothing to 1000 tons a day and that’s one objective. But when you startup a new machine you also experience higher cost for a lot of reasons, everything new and [indiscernible] run and once you get up to a speed and while you’re doing that you also have to work on a lot of things to reduce the cost of production. We expect two things over the next three to six months on this machine, production will go up and cost will come down and those two together will drive the productivity, that kind of numbers that we think this machine is capable of. So I just want to amplify a little bit on that point.
Chip Dillon: Got you. That's helpful. And then just one quick follow-up, we've seen in the last few months a number of other players, if you will forward integrate into box plants, and that's been a strategy you guys have had. And could you, I guess, update us on where you see your integration level right now? And secondly, do you feel you want to continue to move that up and is it getting more challenging to get attractive box plant assets given the competition for them out there?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Chip, with the startup of the DeRidder machine, we brought our integration level down from the low 90s into the mid 80s and from full year the integration were been 90%, but again with the capacity that DeRidder 3 is delivering again we’re back down into that mid-80 range. So it presents an opportunity for Tom’s side of the business to continue to grow. Tom you want to add to that.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would say that we continue to have a target that’s 90 plus in terms of our integrations. So, we’ll be looking obviously to continue grow our business organically and we’ll take advantage of the acquisitions that present themselves when they come along.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettanari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettanari: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettanari: If I look at your EBITDA per ton in corrugated, it was significantly lower year over year. And you indicated containerboard prices were mostly flat. You also talked about the DeRidder startup and some of the mill outage expenses. Paul, you reference getting out some of the kinks in DeRidder. As we go to 2Q, 3Q, assuming prices are flat, would you expect your EBITDA per ton in corrugated to kind of get back to the levels that it was for most of 2014?
Paul Stecko: Well, as Tom said earlier that the biggest change in corrugated in the fourth quarter was mix. And Tom elaborate if you recall on our last call that we had a surprise and our mix was richer in the third quarter and he speculated that time that some of the people in order to make sure they get all their product that in time were move into display business and some of the high end stuff earlier in the year. And that turn got to be the case, because our real high end business displays, et cetera were less in the fourth quarter than we anticipated. For the full year they were about where we thought, but they move them earlier in the year and then we had one accounting change that affected the EBITDA margin which will go away. But Tom you want to comment on that mix thing first.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would just say exactly basically what you say Paul, when we were on the third quarter call if you recall, our mix was significantly better and a lot of that was due to the fact that our value added business was significantly. And we speculated that at that time that many of our customers were moving those Christmas orders up, as an example, and that’s just because seasonally this Christmas season and this push keeps moving up earlier in the year. And that held true to perform in the fourth quarter and that’s why our mix was a down a little bit on that value added business. And now you just kind of see the Christmas season as it evolves its I think much more oriented towards the big box and the department stores earlier in the year and then as the year winds on the internet sales really pick up. So that’s the cover I had.
Paul Stecko: And Rick you want to comment on the accounting item.
Richard West: Yes. You know, right now with the integration of the Boise we’re still operating in two different basis in terms of systems and more so on the pay roll system, their payroll system and our existing methods of paying product. So at the end of the year you try to look at everything to ensure that you have it in the proper bucket. So we had to move about $3 million of labor-related costs from the corporate segment back to the packaging segment in the fourth quarter. So you took a full year hit in the fourth quarter whereas it should have been about $500 million, you know $600 million per quarter, $600 million to $700 million per quarter. Excuse me, $600,000 to $700,000 per quarter versus the $3 million in the fourth quarter. So that $3 million also affected the margin in containerboard and that should have been spread across the year. So, the first three quarters were over stated, just a touch and the fourth quarter caught it up.
Anthony Pettanari: Okay. That’s very helpful detail. Then maybe just a follow on for Judy. You know you’d spoke about potentially exiting some white paper business. Is that continuing in 1Q, or is there any color you can give us around that?
Judy Lassa: No. I mean, I think it was just the changes that we made in 2014 and part of that was due to reshuffling our system with the I Falls reconfiguration.
Anthony Pettanari: Okay. So that process is largely over.
Judy Lassa: Yes.
Anthony Pettanari: Okay. I’ll turn it over. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey: Hey, good morning everyone.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Alex Ovshey: I wanted to go back to the earnings bridge on a year-over-year basis for the first quarter. You talked about $0.10 of higher costs with labor, other costs being partly offset by impacts of lower energy. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on some of the cost buckets that you're seeing that are inflationary? And maybe thinking about the full year, is that $0.10 sort of something we can annualize and assume that there is sort of $0.40 of cost inflation the business will see on an annual basis? Or is it a high $0.10 number in the first quarter and then potentially tapers off as we move through the year?
Richard West: It’s a couple of both, you know, if you look at the first quarter, there’s a coupe of things that hit you all with sudden compared to the fourth quarter. The first is that for the most part of all our salaried employees received their annual waging freeze on January 1st. So that’s an immediate increase in fourth quarter to first quarter. Also the majority of our union contracts for all hourly employees move up in January. So that’s an immediate increase. The third item that’s an immediate increase in fourth quarter to first quarter is the fact that certain statutory benefits such as FICA are paid out earlier in the year and they start backup in the first quarter and then they wind down. And then there are certain benefit-related payments that come in the first quarter and then they go down. So in terms of the labor inflation there’s a portion of it that winds down, there’s portion of its fits more so in the annual wage increases. In terms of – and that’s probably the biggest item that you see in a negative inflation. We’ve also had some in freight year-over-year and everybody is aware of that, the continuing problems with rail and truck availability that’s driving up the costs into large extend offsetting the positive benefits of oil or diesel prices. You do get a really good benefit in natural gas. We do burn more natural gas than we use to with the additional white paper mills and the DeRidder mills, so that is a benefit. But if you think about it on a overall standpoint it’s very difficult. You can predict to some extend the inflation for annual wages which are generally 2.5%, 3%. Your other benefit primarily medical you’re aware of how much that goes up every year. But in total you have to realize that when you look at our cost to good sold and our SG&A, excluding depreciation and you can take it right off the 2014 press release, its about $4.5 billion. So you’ve got to put enough percentage to that what you think a lot of the factors would be and I’ve talked about a few, but it is a large number. And so I can’t predict the inflation to any great extent of the overall year, but there are certain things of course that we had last year’s you can see by the year-over-year comparison for 1Q to 1Q, but that will be a number that we will have to overcome in the 2015 by whatever we can do and we have some positives going into 2015.
Paul Stecko: Yes. I’ll add to that. We don’t give full year forecast. We give quarter over quarter forecast and Rick did say that we’ll taken a more of hit in labor this quarter than we will the other quarters. But coming up with inflation for the year its anybody’s guess we got roughly $4.5 billion if we have 1% inflation overall. That’s $45 million. If we have 2% inflation that’s $90 million. So my guess this is going to be in 1% to 2% range. Where? I really don’t know. And we cannot speak up on that quarter by quarter.
Alex Ovshey: Okay. That’s fair. And then just D3 now that it's running, can you just update us on what you expect the operating capacity of that machine to be on a full-year basis – not necessarily production, but just what the stated capacity would be and whether it's changed since the last time there was an update? And, then, what's the expected fiber furnish for the facility and what percentage if it is Virgin versus OCC based?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. When we announced the project, we said, our believe its going to be 355,000 ton a year type projects in that’s what we're looking at right now. And the fiber furnished, again the opportunities we have, depending on whether we choose to make medium or liners, we can utilize the OCC plan we can go 100% recycled fiber all the way up to a blend of say 70% Virgin and 30% OCC. So, we have a tremendous amount of flexibility on the machine and with were coming up a month from now on the, mill, we will enhance that capability and ensure that we have that mix of 70/30 if we choose to make liner on the machine.
Alex Ovshey: Okay, great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Good morning, guys. Quick question on prices on the export front. Have you seen it stabilize a bit? I know in the trade publications, it seems like it has taken much of a decline. Have you seen a further decline in January? And can you talk about what your thoughts are in pricing or starting to see it stabilizing in Q1?
Tom Hassfurther: Phil, this is Tom, I’ll take the first question on export prices. They came down a touch and they basically had stayed there. We don’t speculate going forward on what we expect prices to do, but that’s all I can tell you as where it is at this point. Judy to want to take the other question.
Judy Lassa: [indiscernible] Tom.
Tom Hassfurther: What paper prices going forward again, we don’t forecast where prices are going. As Judy mentioned, trade publication which we tied to throughout the prices, $10 in November, $5 in December.
Judy Lassa: $5 in November and then $10 in December.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. I said it backward. I’m sorry. So, we only hit – we only got a partial quarter hit on that. We’ll get the entire quarter hit in the first quarter and we’re white paper prices are going are going to depend on a lot of things, the economy is it going to get a little more robust with all the cash available what that you’re saving on gasoline. That’s a positive. Where our imports going to go in terms of up or down or in that regard, so its something that remains to be seen there, we’re not offering any forward price estimates at this point.
Philip Ng: Okay. And I appreciate the color you provided earlier about your 1Q guidance with 1Q seeing a larger to normal hit with the maintenance expense in some inflation. How should we think about the $0.06 hit on maintenance if 1Q been spread out in a more favorable fashion in remaining quarters? Is it pretty evenly spread out or it is more 2Q centric?
Richard West: Well, I gave the numbers. We took the year-over-year increase totally in the first quarter and when I gave the numbers for the $0.55 per share in 2015, the overall cost of outages in the first quarter is $0.13 per share. The overall cost for outages in the second quarter that we see is $0.16 per share, because we’ve got additional time at Counce, Tomahawk, Filer City and we begin to amortize repair costs. In the third quarter, it goes down all the way to $0.08 per share because we essentially have very little downtime in the third quarter. And then, in the fourth quarter it goes up dramatically because there are outages as well as the full recognition of repair cost. So it goes up to $0.18 per share. So in terms of the increase year-over-year it is all in the first quarter.
Philip Ng: Okay. That’s helpful, Rick. And just one last question, I know, if you guys can talk about this, it still pretty early. Any update on how we should be thinking about anti-dumping case as it relates to white paper and how that kind of impacted to you in a positive or negative way in coming quarters?
Richard West: You know, again what you’ve seen in the press with the announcement of the case, its in the hands of the government in terms of the Department of Commerce and International Trade Commission to go and do their investigation, so that’s really will say at this time.
Philip Ng: Okay. Thanks guys.
Richard West: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones from Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Thanks You did a pretty commendable job outpacing the industry in the corrugated demand growth. I was just wondering out of the Boise acquisition, should be continued to see PKG outpace industry in 2015? Or do you think you’re being more normalized with the industry trend? 
Mark Kowlzan: Debbie we would expect to grow our businesses like we’ve always grown our business both organically and through acquisition. So, I would – I think it would be pretty obvious that we will continue to outpace the industry or that’s certainly is our expectation.
Paul Stecko: And it’s Paul Stecko. Debbie add to that, that’s our goal, goal is different than performance, so the only performance data is, we’re up a bunch the first half of January and so we’re off to a good start, so the rest of the year we hope that continue that trend but two-thirds of a month data doesn’t make a trend yet, but we’re off to a good start.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thank you. Yes. I think it make sense year-to-date you’ve been better but I’m just wondering, so I kind of looking out what you’re hearing from your customers seems relatively positive and that’s helpful. I’m also knowing if you’re….
Paul Stecko: They keep telling us they like us. So, that's all about I can tell you there.
Debbie Jones: All right. That’s good to hear. I’m also wondering if anything is change over the last month kind of impact your thoughts on capital allocation, dividend, share buybacks or debt pay down, the goals that’s you kind of already stated?
Paul Stecko: No. We do have the positives of having our debt refinancing down that took us out of the way and takes away some of the urgency to pay down debt and our balance sheet is in very good shape. So we’ll continue to look to return cash to shareholders and whether it would be dividends or whether it would be share repurchases and we think we’re in a good position going into 2015 to do that with lower capital expenditures as I said earlier today. And we’ll be looking at that as the year progress.
Richard West: Yes. We’ll still pay debt off, but we won’t pay as much as we originally thought and that hasn’t changed.
Debbie Jones: Thank you very much. Good luck in the quarter.
Paul Stecko: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: Good morning, gentlemen.
Paul Stecko: Good morning.
Chris Manuel: First question I want to ask was as we look at that the new DeRidder machine, 355,000 tons, let’s call it roughly a ton a day. It looks like you are bit below that in the 4Q?
Mark Kowlzan: Ton a day is not right, you got to carry the three desks [ph], you got to carry three zeros.
Chris Manuel: Okay. I apologize, so -- but I guess from what it is when you look at your per day rate it look bit late in 4Q where you’re running. However you talked about getting some of the improvements in some of the different elements experience running a machine and something that cost out et cetera. As you’re running it today, are you close to rated run rate on the machine or you still running a bit below?
Mark Kowlzan: You know again we talk to earnings calls in October, we expected to make about 50,000 tons. We made 58,000 tons. We exceeded the startup curve period for the 4Q. And then again as we ran the machine and learned about the capabilities of machine, again, in order to produce some of the liner grades that we had not expected to produce until later we did run slower and we were taking advantage of the virgin crafts fiber which became available, and again, identifying opportunities on how to utilize that virgin craft. So again for 4Q we actually exceeded the curve expectations on tons per day. And then again with current mix of linerboard and media being produced on the machine, we are still going according to the curve and we will take advantage as Paul said with the shutdown coming up a month from now with some modifications in some equipment that we’re installing and that will better enable us to take advantage of craft fiber and then theoretically move the speed up and move the productivity up to a higher level.
Richard West: For the quarter you know Mark just said we made 58,000 tons, you divide that by the number of days we ran to get about 600 tons a day of the 1000 and we’ve move that up over the quarter. So 600 [ph] was the average, we obviously exceeded the year at a higher number than that if you average 600 [ph] but we started out at zero and we’re not at the 1000 and we need to a little bit of work on the machine we’ll get up to the 1000 but we’re fairly close.
Chris Manuel: Okay. That’s helpful. My second question was and Rick, thank you much for running kind of to the bridge on a quarter-over-quarter basis or how we think about that, but I guess the one element that I was unclear about or wanted to get a little bit more color on was when you think about your rolling assumptions, you talked about thus far through quarter you were up mid single digit, upper single digit depending on how you looked at your extra day thus far. But where were that fit with in the bridge. It would seem as though – maybe have you bake that in somewhere and I just wasn’t aware of it – a higher volume performance?
Richard West: I think that when we do a bridge year-over-year we bridge it representative of what we’ve been able to accomplish and that’s even when we go from 1Q, 2014 to 1Q, 2015 where we’re basically expecting the same type of growth as Tom said in his call and what we’ve experience historically. So we have built that number into our first quarter number year-over-year.
Chris Manuel: Okay. So you are embedding up somewhat low single digit sort of number in there. I’m with you then. Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Absolutely, because I saw what you can do it looking over year-over-year as to how did you do last year and what are envisioning for your growth this year to help to offset the inflation that normally occurs.
Chris Manuel: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Hey.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner: Just going back to your prior question on your growth versus the market as you continue to grow you get to be more of a proxy for the entire market I would think. Historically my understanding as you grown through going after some highly profitable niche business, I guess my question is more centered on, how long do you think that can last? Is there plenty of that highly profitable niche type business out there for you to go after? Is it couple of years to get to be more like average or do you think there’s longer runway than that?
Tom Hassfurther: Scott, this is Tom. You know, I think one way to answer this, to take a look back first and to kind of look at our performance and we’ve got a long track record grow on the business certainly more than the industry has. And we’ve done in a lot of different ways and I’m not going to disclose all those best kept secrets here on the call. But I can tell you that our expectation is that we will continue to do that. We see plenty of opportunities to do that. We positioned ourselves in a way with our customer base and with type of customers and the type of products we produce and that’s – so you know, it’s been good to us and we continue to see those opportunities.
Paul Stecko: And this is Paul Stecko. I want to add to what you said. We’re selective in the type of business we want to pursue and we can be selective because we’re only 10% of the market. It’s not like we’re 50% to 60% of the market. We still have the other 90% of the market that we can be selective and so we’ve got a lot of room to grow. And if we increased our volume by 50 more percent now it took us roughly a decade to increase 50% go through about 6.5% to 10%, that’s a 50% increase. If we increased another 50% that would only take us through a 15% mortgage share, so we’ve got a lot of runway when we get to a much bigger number I think that question may come into the play. But that’s going to be quite a way out.
Scott Gaffner: Fair enough. And then on the demand trends within the quarter, I don’t know if I missed that or not, but can you talk about how things – you talk about the mix through shifting as the quarter when on, but how were the sequential sales trends within the corrugated market throughout the fourth quarter?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, the fourth quarter was very good and the demand was strong and steady as I mentioned. And then I also shared with you what the bookings look like so far in the first quarter, which were up 5% over the same period last year and shipments were about 7.4% which probably will equate something to closer to about 5.5% ones we compare actual days.
Scott Gaffner: Okay.
Tom Hassfurther: So, we’re off to a very good start.
Scott Gaffner: Right. But no meaningful difference say, October, November, December of the fourth quarter, any one month, okay?
Tom Hassfurther: Pretty steady.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And then just last question you did mentioned ecommerce really picking up late in the quarter and sort of taking the growth manual away from or taking over for the display business. Any idea now how much ecommerce represents of the total business, means, is this enough now to really move the needle within the Company?
Richard West: We don’t really break that out and talk about exactly about what portion ecommerce is and quite frankly it still a hard number to get your arms around because lot of customers do both. They are in both segments. So it’s tougher to get your arms around. But I don’t think there’s any question that the needle doesn’t get move on ecommerce and that’s become a growth area certainly for the industry.
Scott Gaffner: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Al Kabili: Good morning. I wanted to just clarify the year-over-year headwind on the price mix of $0.10 per share that I think Rick mentioned in the first quarter. If I think about paper prices, they were trending up early last year. And, so, the year-over-year variance, I wouldn't think, is too much on the paper price side. On the export side, clearly dollar prices are down. But fortunately you expert a lot less than most so I wouldn't think that's hugely material. So I'm struggling a little bit with what drives that large of a $0.10 price mix hit year over year?
Mark Kowlzan: Judy you want to take whitepapers.
Judy Lassa: Yeah. I mean, again we are up year-over-year, but as Paul mentioned before in Q1 we do have some headwinds with the publication prices dropping?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. To recall last year there were announcements, but it took trade publications forever to recognize them and they all didn’t go up in January, it took through into the second quarter before they got fully realized and both them didn’t get totally realized anyway. So, there’s a lag in prices than went up and now they fallen back. So its kind timing issue that you didn’t get that price increase effective all January 1st. Most of it was not in the first quarter in terms of realization. So that’s one and of course export prices have fallen as you mentioned and then the trade publications move the price to medium down over the year. I think $20 on a West Coast and $10 in the East, so that affected us to and so that’s basically the major movers that changed them.
Al Kabili: Okay. Because the point on the pricing, right, so the year-over-year variance, because there was the lag, I guess that's what I was trying to get at, that wouldn't be so much of a negative year-over-year variance because of the lag. If anything, it may even be slightly positive. And so medium is a small factor, open-market medium prices for you. So I'm just struggling. Is it mostly mix that's driving that year-over-year kind of headwind? Is there something going on with mix that we are not appreciating? And do you see this type of a headwind? I know you don't give guidance, but do you see this kind of a headwind continuing throughout the remainder of the year, as well?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, let Judy take the mix question, but on price, the price is down year-over-year for the reason I just went through. We didn’t get most of the price until the second quarter and so then it went up and then down, so our price at until December over December were down compared to last year. So it’s a negative because of the timing of when it went through and Judy you may talk about mix.
Judy Lassa: Yes. On the white paper side of thing we do have a mix issue in first quarter in addition to the publications moving. We actually, if you look at our office in our TMC [ph], we actually are ahead and there is just a mix with pressure sensitive and pulp that are making it lower.
Al Kabili: Okay. All right. And on the containerboard side, I mean, is there any notable mix change year-over-year we’re assuming in 1Q or is mostly the mix is on the paper side?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. There is a just a slight variance in mix for us on the containerboard corrugated side in Q1. But the two best quarters for mix in containerboard in the second and third quarters. And the two weeks is to the first and the fourth.
Al Kabili: Yeah. Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: But year-over-year we expect that to be about the same.
Al Kabili: Okay. All right. Thank you for that. On the – I guess just final follow-up question from me, Rick, just on total outage expense, in totality I believe the $0.55 will be pretty similar to 2014, so its just a matter of sort of the timing of the total maintenance outage expenses when it hits in the quarter, is that fair? Maybe its up $0.03, $0.04 year-over-year in total?
Richard West: No. I said it was up about $0.07 year-over-year, and its all in the first quarter that we have the additional hit because of DeRidder. In terms of the outages year-over-year in last year in the first quarter we have $0.07. This year we have $0.13. Last year in the second quarter we had about $0.11. This year we have $0.16. Last year in the third quarter we had $0.12. This year we had $0.08. Last year we had $0.18 in the fourth quarter. This year we have $0.18 in the fourth quarter. So the $0.06 per share increase, $0.6 to $0.07 is in the first quarter and then you have some shifts between the second and the third quarter with the third quarter this year being lower based upon the timing of when the outages occur.
Al Kabili: Okay. Got it. All right. That's what I was trying to get it. That helps a bunch. I appreciate it. And yeah, good luck the rest of the year, here. Thanks.
Richard West: Thanks. Operator we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wide from Bank of Montreal.
Richard West: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wide: Outside your business we have had a lot of currency movements including some pretty big ones in Latin America?
Richard West: I’m sorry Mark, we missed the first part of your question, could you repeat that?
Mark Wide: Yes, Mark, I’m just curious about the impact of FX on both sides of your business and in particularly FX down in Latin American places like Columbia and elsewhere?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, Mark, the strong dollar obviously is impactive to us and that does effects some of our decisions relative to our export business and will impact the margins somewhere as we’ve talked about. But I would say, Mark, that some of the regions of the world that have been more impacted than others where export prices were lowest. We don’t participate in those regions and its even get worst in those regions because of the strong dollars. So you’re very perceptive in that regard.
Mark Wide: Okay. The second question I had just, can you talk about wood cost and wood supply issues in any of your markets where it looks like it might be an issue?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark, when you look back at 2014 with the wet summer we had in the upper Midwest, the unrelenting rain through the Minnesota Wisconsin area impacted us particularly at Tomahawk through the fall the winter wood build that normally were taking place didn’t occur, so that’s been one particular area that’s wood cost have definitely impacted us. And then the Southeast, the Southern Georgia, the Panhandle region we had a weather call and that impacted the ability to move some wood in so, so that area along with the pellet plant activity again just the ongoing demand on wood basket, but the moisture in the fall definitely impacted some southeast and the upper Midwest.
Mark Wide: [Indiscernible]
Mark Kowlzan: With the better winter conditions now we are just starting to recover and keep better logging conditions.
Mark Wide: Okay and the last question I had Mark was just if you look at these machine conversions that have been done in the containerboard over the last few years it seems like the track record has been pretty chequered [ph]. And I just, I wondered what kind of lessons you guys have learned from doing D3?
Mark Kowlzan: I agree with your comment and I have said before in the last few years you can convert anything, it’s a matter of how much capital you are willing to spend and also the knowledge that they could put into it and we have a unique set of capabilities and we identified the necessary capital to achieve what we needed but we are doing some unique things on a machine that others don’t have the capability to do and/or choose to spend the money on but part of that again is just our in house expertise and being able to take advantage of a unique situation at DeRidder.
Richard West: And obviously Mark we don’t want to share that technology with competitors, so that’s why we are kind of tight lipped about that. We think we know how to do some neat things and we want to keep it to ourselves.
Mark Wide: Okay, fair enough thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, with that, Operator, thank you for participating in the call today and we will look forward to talking with you in April. Have a good day, bye bye.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kowlzan – Chief Executive Officer Paul Stecko – Chairman Richard West – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Tom Hassfurther – Executive Vice President, Packaging Judy Lassa – Senior Vice President, Paper
Analysts: Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Chip Dillon – Vertical Research George Staphos – Bank of America Anthony Pettanari – Citibank Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly – CLSA Philip Ng – Jefferies Debbie Jones – Deutsche Bank Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo Scott Gaffner – Barclays Al Kabili – Macquarie Steve Chercover – DA Davidson 
Operator:  Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s third quarter 2014 earnings results conference call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and thanks for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s third quarter earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our packaging business; Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our white papers business, and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom, Judy and Rick who will provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up and we’ll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday we reported third quarter net income of $104 million or $1.06 per share. Third quarter net income included after-tax charges for the Boise integration, debt refinancing, and DeRidder mill restructuring of $20 million or $0.20 per share, including cash charges of $6 million or $0.06 per share and non-cash charges of $14 million or $0.14 per share. Excluding these special items, third quarter 2014 net income was $124 million or $1.26 per share compared to the third quarter of 2013 net income of $89 million or $0.92 per share and compared to the second quarter of 2014 net income of $114 million or $1.16 per share. Details of special items are shown on the schedules that were included with the press release. Third quarter net sales were $1,519 million compared to third quarter 2013 net sales of $845 million and second quarter 2014 net sales of $1,468 million. Excluding special items, the $0.10 per share increase in third quarter 2014 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2014 earnings was driven by increased sales volume and improved mix for $0.12, lower fuel costs $0.02, and lower chemical and recycled fiber costs $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher annual outage costs of $0.03, higher electricity costs $0.02, and higher medical and workers’ compensation costs $0.02.  This was our eighth consecutive quarter of record earnings, excluding special items, driven in part by strong sales volume, record mill productivity, and mill cost reductions. The integration of Boise Packaging continues to generate significant synergies and operational improvements in the white papers that resulted in lower costs and higher margins. At the end of the third quarter, realized annual synergies were at a run rate of about $110 million, up from about 85 to $90 million at the end of the second quarter, and we continue to expect synergies of at least $175 million by the end of 2016.  We have also achieved a significant strategic milestone on October 17 with the completion of the Number 3 newsprint machine conversion at the DeRidder, Louisiana mill to produce containerboard. This work was completed two weeks ahead of schedule and the start-up of the machine is on plan with no major production or quality issues so far. In addition to providing needed capacity, we’re excited about the grade optimization potential and freight savings that the D3 machine will bring going forward. Looking at the details of our third quarter operations, packaging EBITDA excluding special items was $262 million on sales of $1,176 million, which equates to 22.3% margins. Containerboard production was a record 858,000 tons, up 12,000 tons over second quarter of this year. Our Valdosta mill was down seven days during the quarter for its annual maintenance outage, reducing containerboard production about 11,000 tons. In addition, we completed planned boiler and (indiscernible) repairs at our DeRidder mill and also in the fourth quarter our Wallula, Washington No. 2 medium machine will be down for five days for its annual maintenance outage, which will reduce production by about 2,000 tons.  Containerboard inventories at the end of September were down 7,000 tons compared to the end of second quarter but up 21,000 tons since the beginning of the year, including an increase of 4,000 tons with the April 2014 acquisition of Crockett Packaging. The remaining 17,000 ton increase was the result of our decision to increase our containerboard inventories, some at our box plants to improve and optimize supply assurance and transportation costs. The rail and truck issues that we spoke about during our second quarter earnings call in July did not improve during the third quarter. Fortunately with our inventory adjustment and our day-to-day management of the situation, we’ve been able to limit some of the impact on transportation costs. Our integration level in the third quarter was 92%, and to meet our total containerboard demand we purchased 47,000 tons of containerboard from the outside market. Our year-to-date purchases of containerboard were 147,000 tons. With the start-up of the DeRidder No. 3 paper machine, most of these outside purchases will be eliminated and we will only purchase some specialty grades that we do not produce. I’ll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on PCA’s containerboard and corrugated packaging sales and demand.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Our containerboard and corrugated products demand was strong and steady throughout the quarter. With the acquisition of Boise, overall corrugated product shipments were up 33% over the third quarter of last year. Excluding Boise, PCA shipments were up 6.2% in total and were up 4.5% per workday with one additional workday in this year’s third quarter. The acquisition of Crockett Packaging in April of 2014 contributed about 1.5% of the shipments increase. Industry corrugated product shipments were reported last week and total shipments were up 1.7% and shipments per workday were essentially flat for the third quarter. PCA prices for corrugated products increased slightly compared to the second quarter, driven in part by a richer mix.  Our outside sales of containerboard were up 8,000 tons compared to the second quarter and down 19,000 tons compared to the third quarter of last year, including Boise tons in both years. We reduced both domestic and export sales and increased our integration level from 88% in the third quarter of last year to 92%. Pricing for domestic sales of containerboard was essentially the same as the second quarter. Export prices were down about $10 per ton on average, but pricing stabilized and began to increase late in the quarter. For the first 10 days of October, PCA bookings for corrugated products are up 5.6% over the same period last year and billings are up 4.5%, so we are off to a good start in the fourth quarter; however, we do expect corrugated product shipments in the fourth quarter to be lower than in the third quarter with three less shipping days and some seasonal slowdown in demand that usually occurs during the Christmas holiday period. I will now turn it over to Judy Lassa, who will discuss white papers.
Judy Lassa: Thank you, Tom. Our paper segment EBITDA in the third quarter of 2014, excluding special items, was $56 million on sales of $313 million, which equated to about an 18% margin compared to just over a 15% margin in the second quarter. This margin improvement was driven primarily by higher volume and improved operations, and lower costs in our white paper mills. Our white paper mills ran extremely well, producing 296,000 tons. We had no annual maintenance outages in the quarter. We will have our Jackson, Alabama mill down for seven days in November for its annual maintenance outage, which will result in lower production by 9,000 tons and higher operating costs. We did build some paper inventories at the end of the quarter, up about 6,000 tons compared to the end of second quarter, and that’s primarily related to the planned outage at Jackson.  Office paper shipments during the third quarter were up 7.3% over the second quarter this year and were down 5.4% compared to the third quarter of last year. During the past year, we elected to exit some business which did reduce our shipments. Printing and converting and pressure-sensitive shipments were up 3,000 tons compared to the second quarter and down about 22,000 tons compared to last year’s third quarter. That is as a result of the fourth quarter 2013 paper machine closures at the International Falls, Minnesota mill.  Finally, white paper prices were essentially flat in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, and looking at the fourth quarter we expect to see seasonally lower white paper shipments and higher fuel costs at our International Falls, Minnesota paper mill with the onset of winter conditions. I will now turn it over to Rick West.
Richard West: Thank you, Judy. Looking at other company-wide cost and earnings change items from second quarter results, amortization of annual outage repair costs and direct outage costs increased $0.03 per share, which was in line with our expectations. We saw expected seasonally higher prices for electricity of $0.02 per share and our medical and workers’ compensation costs were up $0.02 per share. Moving to cash generation and use for the third quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $223 million. Capital expenditures were $107 million during the quarter, and year-to-date capital expenditures are $255 million. Common stock dividends of $39 million were paid or $0.40 per share. We made $53 million of cash tax payments, and we also paid off $75 million of long-term debt. Total debt reduction since the acquisition of Boise on October 25, 2013 is $300 million, and our long-term debt is now at $2,357 million. We ended the quarter with $154 million in cash on hand. To reduce the earnings risk of potential interest rate increases on variable interest rate debt, we issued $400 million of 10-year notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.65% in the third quarter and used the proceeds to pay down a portion of our bank term loan debt.  I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan:  Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, with the DeRidder conversion we expect higher mill production which will allow us to reduce our outside purchases of containerboard. Corrugated product shipments are expected to be lower with three less shipping days compared to the third quarter, and we also expect seasonally lower white paper shipments. Amortization of annual outage repair costs will be about $0.07 per share higher than in third quarter and we expect seasonal increases in fuel and transportation costs. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $1.16 per share excluding special items.  With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you some of the statements we’ve made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, Operator, I’d like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. 
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Thank you, good morning. Two quick ones. One, the September refinancing, so when you had originally completed the Boise transaction, you talked about paying down a billion dollars of debt subsequently. I think with this refinancing where you took advantage of very low rates, does that change your thinking on the need to necessarily pay down a billion dollars in a specified time frame?
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, regarding that, we took advantage of that opportunity with the interest rate to give us flexibility, but also I think the timing of our plan is still to pay down the billion dollars of debt over the next couple of years, so that target hasn’t changed but we did want to take care of some of the uncertainty. Rick, did you want to add anything?
Richard West: No, except Mark, we still have over $700 million of variable rated debt, so we can continue to pay down our term loans until they are completely paid out with this refinancing.
Paul Stecko: And I’d add – this is Paul, Mark. This does give—as Mark pointed out, flexibility is the key word. We wanted to get our debt down because it was variable and you never know what will happen, but we just took $400 million off the table that just put us at risk, and so paying down a billion in three years is still a goal but if it took 3.5 or 4 and we had a better use for the money vis-à-vis dividend or share buyback, we’re in a position that allows us to do what is the best thing and not be totally tied to this commitment to pay down a billion in three years. So we’ve built some flexibility for ourselves that allows us to take advantage of whatever happens in the marketplace.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Thank you, makes a lot of sense. There has been a lot of talk on MLP, and is that something that you guys have had a chance to take a look at, and do you have any thoughts at this stage?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah Mark, we’ve spent a lot of time on this and we have a good appreciation of its merits, both financially and strategically. We’ve engaged legal and financial assistance to provide the information that would allow us to submit a request to the IRS for a private letter ruling, but obviously the big unknown is when the IRS will lift this moratorium on the MLPs and more importantly what are the rulings and the substance of any private letter request. I think again this information will impact if and how we proceed with any MLP consideration. Paul, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Paul Stecko: The only thing that I’d add is that I’ve been looking at this, along with Mark and Rick and Kent Pflederer, our General Counsel, but I’ve kind of just tried to stay focused on the strategic aspects and the shareholder value creation, as opposed to the mechanics and the structure of setting one of these things up. They’re kind of interesting – you know, MLPs can create shareholder value from my perspective in a couple ways. The first is the traditional way, related to the value arbitrage, if you will, that results in selling a cash drain that’s tax advantaged for a higher multiple than your stock is trading, and the multiple that you end up getting is going to be a function of how the MLP investors view the security of that cash flow stream and what ability you have to increase distribution of that cash flow by puts down of additional cash flow from the parent company to the MLP over time, so that’s how it basically works. But there’s a second and very important way that you could also create value, and that’s referred to as third party growth. This growth is in addition to simply pushing down a larger percentage of your existing cash flow to MLPs. This new growth results from what value you get from redeploying the proceeds that you receive from the MLP investors, and as you know, this redeployment could be pay down debt, increase the dividend, buy back shares, or reinvest into the business. In this regard with regard to reinvesting into the business, I think PCA has generated a track record over the last 10, 15 years of judiciously applying capital and obtaining superior returns for the shareholders. Our recent energy projects at Counce and Valdosta and our Boise acquisition are good examples of this. We think that our ability to redeploy assets should resonate well with any potential MLP investors, and this can create a lot of value for both the MLP investors and the PCA shareholders. So this thing is very attractive, especially if you can generate value in both ways, and it’s something that we consider to learn more and more about each day, but as Mark says, we can’t do anything until we hear what comes out of Washington.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: That’s tremendously helpful. So recognizing you’ve got to wait to hear something from Washington, it sounds like you’re relatively comfortable with whatever complexities that the structure would entail. Is that fair?
Paul Stecko: Let me turn it over to our structure man, Rick.
Richard West: Well Mark, we’re basically in the preliminary evaluation phase. As Mark said, we’ve engaged auditors, legal and other advisors to look at what we would need to do for setting up the initial MLP IPO for carve-out audited financials, but we’re also beginning to look at the changes that would be needed with an MLP reporting structure, but we’re really in the early stages of that work and we’re continuing to look at each of the aspects of what we would need to do to operate on a daily basis with this type structure. So that’s where we’re at – the preliminary evaluation phase, but we’re taking the time and effort to effectively look at it as how we can best operate in the future if that were to take place.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research : Yes, good morning. First question is just on the state of the market. A big dilemma we’ve all faced, and I’m sure you all have too, is the sort of decoupling of box demand with GDP that we’ve seen in the past few years with the outsourcing that seems to have come to an end. We got, I guess, a hint in September that maybe we’re recoupling, and I know it’s hard to say with just a few months of data and finally seeing the economy get some life, but what are your thoughts about that? As you look at your current customer mix, do you think you’re going to see at least the industry tie its shipments more closely to the growth in GDP than we’ve seen in the last 15 years?
Tom Hassfurther: Chip, this is Tom. Let me see if I can take a stab at this. I think where we are, at least in the short term here, is as business has grown, manufacturing has improved somewhat. A lot of that has been in the durables area, and some of those industries don’t use a lot of corrugated; but the indicators are going forward that I think you’re going to see a little more in the non-durables area, and especially in light of the fact that the employment levels are improving, wages are going up, gasoline prices of course are coming down quite significantly, which puts a lot more money in consumers’ pockets, and therefore I think that will start to really begin to drive the non-durables area, which is much more tied to corrugated demand. So I think that when you look at a total GDP number, it can be a little misleading from the standpoint of it depends on where the growth is coming from and how much use happens to be in the corrugated area. But when you look at non-durables, that’s very much tied to corrugated and I think we’ve got some definite upside there.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, let me just build on that. Tom said something very important here about non-durables. If you go back, Chip, it has to be at least 10 years, though my memory is failing me there, but one of the first real tips we had in corrugated demand was the first time gasoline prices spiked up a lot, and that sucked a lot of disposable income out of the economy. That disposable income was maybe $100 a month for everybody that drives a car, and so they weren’t going to buy a big non-durable—a big durable good with that money, they were going to spend that money on things packed in a corrugated container and not on gasoline, because as you know, we don’t ship a lot of gasoline in corrugated containers.  So if getting gasoline prices—if they can fall in the short term, that’s a big plus for corrugated because that disposable income will go somewhere, and wherever it goes, most of it is going to be packed in a box. So we also root for lower gasoline prices at PCA – it helps transportation expenses, too.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research: Got you, that’s very helpful. I guess shifting gears a little bit, I know you guys certainly—of late certainly have shown a great alacrity in adding to shareholder value. I’m just sort of looking here at—you know, the net debt is down to $2.2 billion, you’re roughly a third of the way through your debt repayment plan that you had discussed after the Boise deal. But it’s interesting – when you look at your EBITDA is arguably going to be less than two times—I’m sorry, a little more than half of that net debt level, so you’re less than two times leveraged already as we look at next year. I just wanted to sort of take a temperature and see, would that at least allow you to consider the dividend as a potential increase candidate, and also given your success in making acquisitions, are you considering that you’re still open for business or do you still want to get that debt down even further before you’d consider that?
Mark Kowlzan: You know, I think it goes back to the word, flexibility, that I used earlier. I think where we are right now, we’ve got these options to consider and that’s something that as time goes on, we’ll be discussing with the board. The fact that we have paid down $300 million and where we are with the business, it gives us a lot of firepower to move in different directions, whether it’s dividend increases. I think on the acquisition side right now, obviously we’re still focused pretty heavily on the completion of this integration, so that’s less of an interest to us immediately but that doesn’t say that going forward, if an opportunity came along, we certainly would have to consider that. But again, I think right now we’re very comfortable and we’ve got tremendous flexibility to move that cash and best deploy it. Paul?
Paul Stecko: Chip, we mentioned on the previous caller – you probably didn’t hear it, but you were holding on the line – we also refinanced $400 million in variable debt and got very attractive rates on 10 years. That gave us a lot of flexibility to put us in a position to consider the things you’re talking about.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research: Got you. Real quickly – could you talk a little bit about the increased integration we’ve seen? I mean, you guys are buying box plants. We saw another big deal down in the southwest. How much of the non-integrated business is left, and do you think that could discourage new capacity aimed at the independents, since it seems like there’s not that many left?
Tom Hassfurther: Chip, this is Tom. I think you were getting at getting a real handle on what’s going on in the marketplace, and certainly see it very much like we see it. So I think that our strategy to get to 90%-plus integration, which is where we are and we intend to even do more, is a sound strategy and certainly given what’s going on in the rest of the marketplace. And of course, you know have even—if you observe if you’ve got some direct mill owners who had no cut-up at all who are now—have now actively pursued some acquisitions, so it’s a bit of a change in the marketplace.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
George Staphos – Bank of America :  Thanks everyone, good morning. I wanted to go back to MLPs, just a couple of questions. Remembering that flexibility is one of your bigger watch words at Packaging Corp, would it be safe to say that until you ultimately come to a decision on MLPs and for that matter get the appropriate signals one way or another from Washington, that bigger capital allocation decisions might be on hold, or will you look at these are parallel and independent decisions that you need to look at?
Mark Kowlzan: I think the latter part – you know, we will continue in parallel and look at opportunities as they come along. Obviously we wouldn’t want to pass up on something that was a good opportunity for the shareholders anticipating something out of Washington. I think the key right now is for us to be prepared and understand what the implications are of a private letter ruling, which we are; but in the meantime, we’re going to continue running the business and provide value to the shareholders in the ways that we’ve done historically.
Paul Stecko: Back on that flexibility, we’re going to sound like a broken record and we’ve said this for 10 years. We’re not smart enough to predict the future, but we’re know we’re not smart enough to predict the future so we take another way out – build in flexibility, and that allows you to capitalize on the future, whatever it may be. Again, paying down or converting this debt we had, $400 million, to fixed rate gives us some flexibility to pursue, in your term, a parallel and independent course. So we’ve got the firepower, we think, now to do a lot more different things than we had six months ago.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Paul, another question, and maybe this is somewhat preliminary. Again, as you’ve studied MLPs and what the investor base and investment MLPs values perhaps somewhat differently than traditional, if you will, paper and forest investors might look at or value, do you envision any changes in the actual business model? I’m not getting into mechanics now in terms of what assets might or might not be in an MLP or (indiscernible) and what would remain with the parent, but more in terms of the integrated containerboard business, do you perhaps run it differently if it were part of an enterprise that had MLPs than what you’re doing currently? If so, what would those changes maybe look like?
Paul Stecko: Yeah, that’s a very easy question to answer. The answer is no, we wouldn’t run it any differently. We have a business model that works and no matter what vehicle you have for transferring value to shareholders or creating value for shareholders, in the end it comes down to your primary business model. If you’ve got a lousy business model, there’s nothing you can do to improve shareholder value. As they say, cash is cash, and our business model, as you know, has been performing at a very high level for a long time. That’s the last thing we’d change.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Understood. I appreciate that, Paul. Two last ones and then I’ll turn it over, both on operations. Can you comment at all in terms of how D3’s start-up might be built into your guidance for fourth quarter? You obviously mentioned it will be more in the way of production, obviously, but what should we factor in perhaps for start-up costs or incremental EBITDA, if that’s possible to comment on? And the down time in the third quarter in packaging was 11,000 tons, I think you said in total; initial guidance was 13,000 tons. Obviously it was a good operating quarter – you already said that, but were there any specific things that really went well in bringing back up Valdosta? Thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: On the first part regarding DeRidder, we’ve only been running for four days; this will be our fifth day of running, so it’s early. We’re obviously pleased with what we’re seeing so far, but we’ve got just—like I say, we’re in the start-up phase. But we’ve been conservative in building contributions to fourth quarter earnings. I think a better way of looking at that is to understand going forward, if you assume we get through the start-up curve with no problems and we’re producing according to the original plan, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, Rick, you can build that for them, and I understand it was $115 million capital and about 30% returns, so that would give after-tax contribution of--?
Richard West: Yes, Mark. You know, with that what we’ve said previously with the 30% return at the capital, you’re looking at a project that’s going to generate on an annual basis when fully operating rough numbers about $60 million of EBITDA or about $0.36 per share on an annual basis. So of course, that would be about $0.09 per share per quarter, and if you look at the fourth quarter, the machine is not operating essentially the first month, October, and you’ve got start-up costs as you mentioned, so that’s what Mark was alluding to. What we’ve put into the guidance is something—you know, you’re almost guessing at this point.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah George, let me just amplify on that. When you start up the paper machine, and you know of examples where others have done this, it doesn’t go well. You actually lose money the first quarter you start it up because you don’t run very well, and all that overhead that the newsprint machine was covering, and although you were only breaking even with newsprint, it covered a lot of overhead. So this machine doesn’t run well, it could actually hurt fourth quarter earnings. Now, we don’t think that’s going to be the case. We’ve been running for five days and there’s been no showstoppers, but we’ve got a long way to go. Depending how well this machine ramps up, depending on a lot of things, we’ll make money in the fourth quarter. It’s a tougher guess than normal because it’s easy to make a forecast on a machine that you’ve run for 10 years – you know how it behaves, you know what cold weather does to it, you know a lot of other things. But with a start-up like this, it’s plus or minus 50%, just to grab a number. So we’ve put a number in. At the end of the quarter, we’ll see if we were close. We’re hoping it’s better and we’re hoping it’s not worse, but we really don’t want to give guidance. We don’t want to throw that number out, because there is so much uncertainty around it. Throwing out a number tends to validate it, and it tends to maybe mislead investors that we’re overconfident in something. Right now, we’re in a learning phase – so far so good, but so far is the operative phrase.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Understood.
Tom Hassfurther: Then regarding the last part of your question on tons, the difference in the containerboard, we had originally planned to have the Wallula No. 2 machine outage in the third quarter, and that was moved into the third quarter so that’s a couple of thousand tons of difference.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay, thanks. I’ll turn it over. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettanari of Citi.
Anthony Pettanari – Citibank: Good morning. I was wondering how volumes trended over three quarters—sorry, the three months of the quarter, and then the industry data for September shipments seemed incrementally positive. You talked about bookings and billings being up 4 to 5% in October. Are you seeing sort of an acceleration of box demand, or has it been mostly stable, or was it stable throughout the quarter or is there any kind of color you can give us there?
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, this is Tom. The volume trend through the quarter was relatively steady. We kind of built up into this September time frame somewhat because of the holiday season and our specialty graphics business does come up a little bit at that point in time. Box demand though overall, I would say is pretty steady and we’ll see the same thing in the fourth quarter, with the exception of the end of the year when we have a little bit of a holiday slowdown.
Anthony Pettanari – Citibank: Okay, that’s helpful. Then maybe just turning over to MLPs, Rick, you indicated that you’re at a preliminary stage of investigation. I’m just wondering, assuming that the IRS pause or the government was not an issue, how long do you think it will take you internally to really make a decision or to feel that you’ve completed your analysis on the MLP front? How long do you think that would take?
Richard West: I really can’t comment on that right now, Anthony. You need to go in and look at—you know, there’s a number of things you have to do in terms of auditing and carve-out financials. We’re in the preliminary evaluation of that phase, and you always want to have a look at what do you want to do in advance and what do you want to wait to do until you have more clarification on what a potential MLP could look like. So we don’t want to waste a lot of time doing things until we kind of know a structure of what one could look like, but there are some things you can do in advance to prepare yourself.  But at this point, I couldn’t give you a time frame that we could be ready or how long it would take, but I can tell you that we’ll be in a much better position to do so in the next few months.
Mark Kowlzan: The only real broad calibration we could give you – you know, it won’t be in terms of days or years. It will be in terms of months.
Anthony Pettanari – Citibank: Okay, that’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning guys. A couple of questions. So in terms of the IRS moratorium, do you have any visibility on the timing around when we may hear back? Do you think we’d hear something before the end of the year, or do you have any visibility around that at all that you can share with us?
Mark Kowlzan: The latest is that they’re saying by the end of the fall. The problem is, the fall ends in December, so that would be government’s latest.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Fall of ’14, Mark?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, that’s what—but again, you know, two months ago they were saying August and September, so the number, the date keeps shifting with the government. Our ability to handicap when that happens is approaching zero.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Understood. Appreciate the honesty there. Then just on D3, so it’s being ramped into the seasonally slow part of the year. The market participants that sort of have a really good feel on what’s happening are characterizing it as a very sloppy market now, so how do you balance bringing on new supply, at the same time continuing to manage price costs in an efficient and effective manner?
Tom Hassfurther Mark Kowlzan: Well again, as we talked about through the second quarter call, we had a home for the tons and basically the tons are already sold to our system, so we’re in the process of reducing outside purchases. We plan to build some inventory during the quarter and get ready for the annual outages in the first quarter of next year – we’re going to have our Counce and DeRidder No. 1 machines down in the first quarter of next year. So essentially again, we have a home for all the tons we plan on making, and as usual we plan on running to demand.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Got you.
Paul Stecko: To build on that, we have two—we’re up and beginning the first quarter downtime at this point, but we’ve got our two biggest mills, DeRidder and Counce, will be down in the first quarter, so our challenge with D3 is not to sell the tons. Our challenge is to make enough so that we can supply our current demand and build a little bit of inventory to support our first quarter shutdowns. So the pressure is on the mill to produce. Tom Hassfurther does not have nearly as much pressure in selling the tons because we need them, we’ve got a home for them.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Got you, Paul – okay. If I could just ask one more real quick one, do you guys have a net debt to EBITDA leverage target in mind below which it wouldn’t make much sense to pay down debt from an official capital allocation perspective?
Richard West: You know, everybody asks that question, and we really don’t because you can control the debt side of it but you can’t control the EBITDA side of it. You know, you could look at—we’re at about 2.1 right now debt to EBITDA. Some would say that’s a very good number, but it’s not good enough for us because the flexibility we want, if by some unusual chance, as it did in 2008 and 2009, that EBITDA dropped. So we like the flexibility. Could you put a number out there? Maybe 1.5, but that’s not something we hang our hat on. We keep the flexibility, as we’ve said previously.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Good stuff. Thank you very much, everybody.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Thanks. I wonder if we could go back to Tom’s comments about integration. Containerboard is pretty profitable right now and building new capacity seems pretty profitable, too; so might it make sense to get short and stay short for the next couple of years, and then think about your integrated strategy longer term than that?
Tom Hassfurther: You know, Mark, I’m really not going to comment on that. I would just stay with the previous comments that I made and then you could draw whatever conclusions you want to on that. We’re in an industry that’s running 97.7% operating rates, so it seems at this point in time obviously whatever is produced primarily has a home. You’d be hard-pressed to find any other industry running at this kind of rate. We’ll just leave it at that.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Okay. So can we switch to white paper for a second? Your revenue per ton was off a little bit. Was that price or was that mix, and can you tell us what’s happening in the mix?
Judy Lassa: This is Judy. Our mix is shifting around a bit just because of our change in customer mix, but we are basically on track with where we were planning to be.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: So prices are flat?
Judy Lassa: Flat pricing for third quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Third quarter essentially was flat, Mark.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng – Jefferies: Hey, good morning guys. DeRidder is coming on pretty nicely, but as you pointed out, there’s a ramp-up start-up cost and all that good stuff. How should we think about the impact, the incremental tons going to ’15, on your mix and margin, especially in the first year?
Mark Kowlzan: Well again, as Rick pointed out, on a going forward basis in an ideal world, what was that, Rick – about $0.36 on an annual basis of contribution on earnings per share?
Richard West: That’s right.
Mark Kowlzan: And then again, understanding that we think we know what the machine is designed to do, but we’re learning about that every day right now. So our plan is just what it’s always been with the rest of our legacy system – we’ll run to demand.
Tom Hassfurther: We don’t give projections for the full year. We give guidance a quarter ahead, so every quarter you’re going to learn more and more about that machine.
Philip Ng – Jefferies: Okay, that’s helpful. Then in terms of capital investments on the horizon, you guys have obviously done a great job on the energy projects and the D3. But part of the attraction, as you pointed out earlier on the MLP front, is potential investments of that cash flow that you would get from an MLP event. Would that be more geared towards acquisitions, or you still do see a good amount of capital reinvestment opportunities down the road in your business?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, both. We’ll continue to take advantage of opportunities and acquisitions of the box plant businesses, and also keep reinvesting in the existing assets in terms of energy and productivity improvements. Again, I think if you step back and look at the margin gains in the white paper business, a great deal of that margin gain over the last 11 months came from operational improvements and efficiencies in the white paper mills through hundreds of investments in fixing assets and new bolt-on technologies. So the answer is both, and a myriad of opportunities.
Philip Ng – Jefferies: Okay. I know exports are not a big part of your business, but you did give some color on prices ticking back up. Where are you seeing export prices move higher, and how should we be thinking about just demand overall? It’s actually been quite strong on the export front, but we’ve seen the U.S. dollar tick up and there’s some concerns about global growth slowing down a bit.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah Phil, this is Tom. Regarding exports, again I’ll just say we’re a small player, getting limited markets, and we’re very specialized in exports. So for me to give you a broad perspective of what’s going on in exports is a little bit difficult. As I mentioned, our prices have started to tick up again a little bit and primarily in the Europe market, but we have currency issues. There’s a whole myriad of things that go on in that export market, and the strength of those markets tends to move around the world. Europe was strong; they're a little bit weaker now. South America has picked up, so it’s just—you know, on any given day it can look a little bit different.
Philip Ng – Jefferies: Okay, good luck in the quarter, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. Just wondering, looking at the bigger picture in paper, what your thoughts are on how the industry or PKG will manage the continued decline in white paper going forward, and then if you have any thoughts on the impact of imports over the next six to 12 months and the ability to sustain prices in this business. 
Judy Lassa: This is Judy. So I’m going to decouple demand with shipments. In looking at demand, they fall in between that 3 to 5% range that we thought we were, so we think we’re right in line with where we think demand is. I can’t comment on impact on the industry on the import piece of things, but we think—we believe that it’s having maybe some impact on the market, but we are not impacted as much because of our customer mix.
Debbie Jones – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful. If I could just get in my MLP question, is it possible with your preliminary analysis, could this type of structure could be potentially applied to your papers business? I’ve heard a few opinions that this could also be applied to recycled containerboard, which seems like a stretch, but I was wondering if you think either of those options could be on the table if the moratorium is lifted.
Richard West: I think it’s too preliminary. I think everyone needs to wait until we have better indication from the IRS about what would qualify or if anything would qualify. So I really would not want to speculate on the products that could potentially be within an MLP structure.
Debbie Jones – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks very much.
Paul Stecko: Yeah, we just want to stay away from sheer speculation. If we knew something, we’d tell you; but you’re in the area of sheer speculation and we really just don’t like to do that.
Debbie Jones – Deutsche Bank: No, and I appreciate that. I think that part of the problem is there is a lot of speculation out there, so just getting an idea of maybe what’s off the table could be helpful. But anyways, thank you very much and I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo: Good morning, gentlemen. I promise I don’t have an MLP question for you. Anyway, I did want to go back to DeRidder for a second and the D3 start-up and some of the elements there. Could you maybe walk us through what a typical experience might be bringing one of these machines on stream? I think you mentioned the first month or so, it really doesn’t produce a lot of paper. Is this typically a six-month process until you get to the roughly 90,000 tons a quarter run rate? Is there a typical phasing that these go through?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, let me just again put a little color on this. Three weeks ago, the paper machine down at DeRidder was nothing more than just framework. I’m talking about just press section framework, forming section framework, the driers – there wasn’t much left in the drier section and the winder was completely gone. So in three weeks’ time, that was all reassembled and started up last Thursday, so we’re pleased with what we’ve seen. We’re obviously on a curve. We’re making good quality—well, we’re making medium at the time. We also have to qualify our linerboard product on the machine as time goes on. So we really are not going to speculate in terms of its capabilities and the timing of that. There is a lot of uncertainty in terms of what could go wrong; on the other hand, we have tried to and we believe we have engineered in best practices and have the right people managing the business. So again, our plans for the quarter would produce roughly 50,000 tons for the market to demand, to supply our system, but other than that we’re just going to take it day by day.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo: That’s helpful. One more follow-up question, if I could there. How do you—how difficult is it to flip back and forth between linerboard medium that you make there? Is it a complicated process? How do you think about that balance within your system?
Mark Kowlzan: It’s complicated. It involves the chemistry on the wet end of the machine, so it’s not just a simple matter of turning a switch. You have to consider the various chemical additives that are used to produce medium characteristics as opposed to linerboard, so there is a period of hours, say, that are involved and then getting the machine started back up and lined back up on the various grades. So there is a degree of difficulty there, and again we have to learn how to do that and go through that experience.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo: Thank you. Just two other quick ones. Rick, one of your favorite questions about 2015 that I know you love to answer – could you give us maybe a sense as to early thoughts about capital spending? I mean, obviously this year was a big year as you went through this conversion at D3. I’m anticipating ’15 probably comes down. Is something in that 3 to 350 range something that’s probably reasonable, or how should we kind of think about ’15 at this point for capital?
Richard West: Well, we’ve already stated that we were going to drop our capital from 2014 to 2015, and we said we were going to be in around 400, 410 for this year. So I think first thing you should do is back off the D3, which was about 100, 110 for this year – that gets you down to 300, and then you don’t have (indiscernible). So just without a lot of strategic projects, you’re below 300, and we’ve said we plan to be below 300 – you know, in the high 200’s range somewhere – and we’ll give more clarification on that in January. But unless there’s major strategic projects that come up that Mark talked about with very high returns, we would plan to bring our capital below 300 next year.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, and just the qualifier on that – you know, with the acquisition of Boise, there’s obviously more opportunities to deploy capex into high return projects, and if you’re willing to reduce your hurdle rate, you still could have a lot of pretty good projects that you could spend capital on. We haven’t done that – we’re keeping our hurdle rates where they were, and that means that there’s some projects that even though they have attractive returns, we’re not going to compensate on hurdle rate. So that will limit more than anything else how much capital we spend. Now, if we find some big project that meets the kind of hurdle rates we’ve historically wanted, then we would increase that number; but we’re not going to break our discipline just because we have opportunities for some pretty good projects if they’re below the hurdle rate.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo: Okay, that’s helpful. Just a last quick question is as we see some of the efforts in China now to step up collection of OCC, that’s put a little bit of pressure here on OCC domestically. How do you view the balance between some of the more virgin grades that you’re making and some of the recovered grades? Is that something that—how do you process that, how do you think about that? Is that something that you’re worried about?
Mark Kowlzan: Just the opposite. We think long-term, the world is going to run out of recycled fiber because virtually all the capacity added in the world for the last 10 years has been recycled. Had the recession not happened in the fourth quarter of 2008, there’s the chance that we’d have run out of recycled fiber then, the line we’re about to cross. So in the short term, unless China gets going, recycled fiber we think will probably stay where it is; but if economic activity begins to improve in China, there’s going to be pressure on OCC again in our opinion, and we’re glad we’re primarily a virgin operation.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo: Thank you, good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays: Good morning. My question’s really around the demand that you’re seeing so far in 4Q. Are you seeing anything that looks more like September, or is it looking more like the rest of the quarter where things were maybe a little bit slower for the industry?
Mark Kowlzan: I would say that our demand—as I mentioned, we’ve only got a few days to really look at, about 11 days, and it’s been pretty solid starting in October. We will of course trend down some by the end of the year, which is pretty much the norm for us, but right now the quarter is pretty solid from a demand standpoint.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays: Okay. Any thoughts around sort of the increase in ecommerce as we move into the fourth quarter? I think you guys mentioned it the last couple of years, but is it something that you’re looking at as something that could improve demand in the fourth quarter again this year?
Mark Kowlzan: I don’t think there’s any doubt about that. You just look at the numbers – that arena is growing very, very fast, and of course you know that’s heavy corrugated use. So again, we experienced an increase last year and I think some of that is going to occur in the fourth quarter this year as well.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays: Okay. When you look at your inventory levels, you seem to think that everything was—you know, you were comfortable with your inventory levels. Is there any reason you would need to take those higher, meaning if that freight cost built on rail and truck hadn’t abated, is there any concern that maybe that gets a little bit tighter again in the fourth quarter and you might need to take your inventory levels up to account for that? 
Tom Hassfurther: You know, as we talked about on the second quarter and we reiterated today, we’d intentionally moved that inventory up because of the transportation issues and with the fact that going into 2015 1Q we have the Counce mill down and the big D1 DeRidder machine down. So our intention is to build some inventory and take advantage of that, and again not seeing a significant improvement in transportation issues.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays: Okay. Just lastly, I think I might have heard you say that you had positive mix in your corrugated business in the third quarter. If I heard that right, what was driving the positive mix shift?
Tom Hassfurther: The positive mix is primarily the graphics-related business that relates to the Christmas season and even going into next year’s season, depending on when those customers begin to develop those products.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays: So more just a positive seasonal mix shift, nothing out of the ordinary?
Tom Hassfurther: That’s correct.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to circle up on DeRidder and clarify if in your adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter, if that included any headwind from some of the start-up costs, as you indicated.
Mark Kowlzan: No.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: Okay, that’s helpful. And then secondly, Rick, on the capex on the high 200’s, would that include box plant, necessary sort of box plant investment, because I know sometimes that can change depending on whether you acquire or invest organically in box plants. Just a clarification on that capex, factoring in the box plant, necessary box plant expansion. 
Richard West: Yes, other than some of the things that we have periodically done strategically in the box plants to put in major pieces of equipment all at one time, that number does include environmental, maintenance, some cost reduction in the mills as well as growth in the box plant. So it’s the normalized base that we’ve always had, just including now the white papers business and the packaging business of Boise now that we have some of the major strategics ahead of us—behind us, excuse me.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: Okay, thank you very much. Then on the inflation front, last question is just what are you seeing on wood costs, and any view over the next year as perhaps pellet demand continues to increase? And conversely, any thoughts on if oil prices stay here, what that might mean to you from a savings perspective across transportation, other kind of oil type derivative costs that you might have.
Mark Kowlzan: I think on the wood cost question, the only issue we’ve seen this year was the summer rains that occurred in the upper midwest that affected the Wisconsin area for us and also the Minnesota region. But that’s stabilized, so the rest of the North American wood cost system has been pretty flat.  As far as pellets, we continue to hear of some additional pellet plant activity in the southern region. That has—currently, it hasn’t been a significant impact this year. As far as oil, obviously lower oil would portend to indicate a lower diesel price, but we haven’t seen that yet. That’s a potential opportunity you’d have to anticipate. Other than that, I really don’t have anything.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: All right, I appreciate that, and good luck. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: All right. Operator, I think we’ve got time for one more question and then we’ll wrap it up. I think it’s after 10:00 our time.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with DA Davidson.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson :  Good morning, thanks for fitting me in. A lot of things have been covered, but it seems like packaged food has really hit a rough patch recently. Do you believe there’s been a permanent shift in consumer behavior?
Mark Kowlzan: Can you repeat the question again, Steve, real quick?
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Sure. It just seems like packaged food has hit a rough patch, according to some of the retailers. I’m wondering if there’s a permanent shift in consumer behavior, and if so, would a shift to local food offset that?
Mark Kowlzan: I don’t really have an answer for you on that. I’m not aware of this most recent study. I can tell you that obviously food is a big part of the demand in corrugated, and it’s just moved up modestly this year. The beverage sector has been kind of flat as well. But to my point earlier regarding consumers having more money in their pockets, we would expect those areas to move up going forward as consumers have a little more money to spend.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Agreed. Is it safe to say that your $1.16 guidance for the fourth quarter is incorporating flat pricing?
Mark Kowlzan: We don’t give price guidance in advance. We don’t do that. We only talk about historic prices, not forward-looking on pricing for legal reasons.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, with that, Operator, I’d like to thank everybody for participating on the call today and look forward to seeing everybody and talking to everybody in January for the fourth quarter and full-year call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer, Director Rick West - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Tom Hassfurther - Executive Vice President - Corrugated Products Judy Lassa - Senior Vice President - Paper Paul Stecko - Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Analysts: Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Philip Ng - Jefferies Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research George Staphos - Bank of America Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Mark Connelly - CLSA Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Scott Gaffner - Barclays Al Kabili - Macquarie Steve Chercover - Davidson Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Garo Norian - Palisade Capital
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2014 earnings results conference call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon the conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and thanks for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, our Chairman, Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our Packaging business, Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our white papers business and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. I will begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom, Judy and Rick who will provide more details. I will later wrap things up and we will be glad to take any questions. Yesterday we reported second quarter net income of $100 million or $1.01 per share. Second quarter net income included after-tax charges for the Boise integration and DeRidder mill restructuring of $14 million or $0.15 per share, including cash charges of $2 million or $0.03 per share and non-cash charges of $12 million or $0.12 per share. Excluding these special items, second quarter 2014 net income was $114 million or $1.16 per share compared to the second quarter 2013 net income of $71 million or $0.73 per share, and first quarter 2014 net income of $106 million or $1.08 per share. Details of the special items are shown in the schedules included with our press release. Second quarter net sales were $1,468 million compared to second quarter 2013 net sales of $800 million and first quarter 2014 net sales of $1,431 million. Excluding special items, the $0.08 per share increase in second quarter 2014 earnings compared to the first quarter 2014 earnings was driven by increased sales volume $0.07, lower energy costs $0.07and improved price and mix $0.05. These items were partially offset by higher annual outage repair costs of $0.04, a higher tax rate $0.02, increased depreciation expense $0.02 and higher inventory consumption costs from extreme weather that were capitalized in inventory in the first quarter for $0.03. We had an outstanding quarter delivering record results that were better than expected driven by strong corrugated products volume, higher prices and lower cost than the first quarter. Synergy realization of both our mills and box plants was also ahead of our projections as we continued to implement a broad range of actions to improve productivity and reduce costs. We estimate that we realized annual run rate synergies of about $85 million to $90 million and we are well positioned to achieve at least $175 million in synergies by the end of 2016. Looking at more details of second quarter operations. Packaging EBITDA, excluding special items, was $259 million on sales of $1,145 million, which equates to 22.6% margin. Containerboard production was 846,000 tons, up 25,000 tons compared to the first quarter of this year, driven by two additional production days for 16,000 tons and also by higher productivity, 9,000 tons. A key synergy with the Boise acquisition was moving lightweight containerboard production from both our Counce, Tennessee number one linerboard machine and Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mill to the DeRidder, Louisiana mill. The production shift is complete and as a result, we set an all-time productivity records at both Counce number one machine and the Valdosta machine. Productivity on the DeRidder number one machine has also improved even with a lighter weight grade mix and we achieved record production on the Wallula Washington corrugated medium machine. We had our Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mill down for six days in May for it is annual maintenance outage which resulted in reduced production of about 9,000 tons. Containerboard inventories were up about 24,000 tons compared to the end of first quarter this year. Of these 24,000 tons increase, about 7,500 tons came from shipments that we could not get out at month-end due to rail and truck availability issues at our Counce and Valdosta Mills and about 3,500 tons of the increase came from our acquisition of product packaging during the quarter which Tom Hassfurther will discuss later. The remaining 13,000 ton increase was the result of our plans to optimize containerboard inventories at our box plants to improve supply assurance and reduce transportation costs in light of continuing rail and trucking issues that we are seeing our Mills. As most of you heard on the new, U.S. rail industry is facing both rail car shortages and also longer shipping times. This has caused delays in scheduled shipments from our mills to our box plants. At times, we have had that to back bill rail shipments with higher cost shipments by truck in order to meet the needs of our box plants. The trucking industry, however, is also facing service issues driven by limited availability of truck drivers and new regulations governing hours of service. With low cost of money, it is much more cost-effective for us maintain a slightly higher containerboard inventory at our box plants rather than increase transportation cost and run the risk of not having enough inventory on hand at our box plants to adequately serve the customers. Our integration level in the second quarter was 91% and to meet our total containerboard demand, we purchased 58,000 tons of containerboard from the outside market. Our year-to-date purchases of containerboard are approximately 100,000 tons. In the third quarter, our Valdosta mill will be down eight days for its annual maintenance outage reducing production by about 13,000 tons. Also, the Wallula number two medium machine will be down for seven days for its annual maintenance outage reducing production by about 3,000 tons. In addition, we have planned boiler and limestone repairs at our DeRidder mill which will increase purchased energy and chemical costs during the third quarter. I will now turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on PCA's containerboard and corrugated packaging sales and demand.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Our containerboard and corrugated products demand was strong throughout the quarter with corrugated product shipments up 4.8% over the first quarter. With the acquisition of Boise, shipments were up 30% over the second quarter of last year and up 32% per workday. Excluding Boise, PCA's corrugated products shipments were up 5.5% per workday and up 3.8% in total. On April 29 this year, we acquired Crockett Packaging, a corrugated products manufacturer, including a corrugated plant and a sheet plant in Southern California. The Crockett acquisitions was important for us strategically, giving us a larger presence in the growing Los Angeles and Southern California markets. Excluding the Crockett acquisition, PCA shipments per workday were up 4.3%, while the industry was up 1%. Prices for corrugated products were up slightly compared to the first quarter driven by a richer mix. With strong internal containerboard demand needed to supply our box plants, we reduced our outside sales of containerboard, both domestic and export, a total of 8,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. During the second quarter, total export shipments of containerboard, including Boise were down 2,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. Export pricing remained steady throughout the quarter. The domestic containerboard market for us also remained steady throughout the second quarter, both in terms of demand and price and our total company domestic containerboard shipments were down 6,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. I will now turn it over Judy Lassa who will discuss white papers.
Judy Lassa: Thank you, Tom. Our papers segment EBITDA in the second quarter of 2014, excluding special items, was $45 million on sales of $295 million, which equated to a 15.2% margin compared to 13.1% margin in the first quarter. Our white paper mills produced 275,000 tons with productivity up almost 3% over the second quarter of 2013. Annual maintenance outages were completed during the quarter at our International Falls, Minnesota and Wallula Washington paper mill. These two outages resulted in reduced production of 14,000 and higher operating costs. In addition to normal outage work at the Wallula mill, we also upgraded the head box and rebuilt the forming section of another three paper machine which will increase machines (inaudible) range and overall paper quality. It will improve efficiencies and lower operating cost. The mills started up well after the outages and all three of the paper mills were realizing productivity improvements and cost reductions through better operating efficiency. Our office paper shipments were down 2% compared to last year's second quarter, and printing and converting and pressure sensitive paper shipments were down about 26,000 as a result of the fourth quarter 2013 paper machine closures at International Falls, Minnesota mill. Paper inventories were up about 2,000 tons compared to the end of the first quarter of this year. White paper prices were up in the second quarter as a result of previously announced price increases for office papers, premium printing [ph] paper and pressure sensitive paper. Looking at the third quarter, for the white papers business, we have no planned annual maintenance outages. Our Jackson, Alabama paper mill will be down in the fourth quarter (inaudible). We do expect evenly higher white paper shipments in the third quarter and further cost improvements in the mills. I will now turn it over to Rick West.
Rick West: Thank you, Judy. Looking at other companywide cost and earnings change items from first quarter results, we did see significant improvements in our energy costs with warmer weather, driven by both lower consumption of purchased fuels $0.04 per share, and also lower fuel prices $0.03 per share. Our effective tax rate was up in the second quarter to a more normal rate of about 37% which reduced earnings by $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter. Amortization of annual outage repair cost and direct outage costs increased by a total of $0.04 per share in line with our expectations. Depreciation expense was up $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter. Finally, we consumed weather-related higher cost containerboard inventory, which was released in the first quarter that reduced second quarter earnings by $0.03 cents per share. Moving to cash generation and uses for the second quarter. PCA generated cash from operations of $185 million. Capital expenditures were $97 million. Common stock dividends of $39 million were paid or $0.40 per share, and we did not repurchase any shares of PCA company stock. Cash tax payments of $56 million were made and we paid out $50 million of long term debt. Our total debt reduction since the acquisition of Boise on October 25, 2013 is $225 million and our long-term debt is now at $2,432 million. We ended the quarter with $162 million in cash. I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Before I move to the third quarter outlook, I want to comment briefly on the DeRidder mill conversion project. As you know, on March 26 we announced plans to convert the number three newsprint machine at DeRidder to produce 355,000 tons annually of lightweight linerboard and corrugating medium and exit the newsprint business. The D3 machine project is on schedule with startup expected by November 1. The total estimated capital for converting D3 has not changed with $15 million spent in 2013 and $100 million to be spent this year. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher sales volume and lower operating costs from both higher synergies and less scheduled annual mill maintenance downtime. These items will be partially offset by higher amortization of annual outage repair costs, higher electricity prices, higher freight and chemical costs and increased depreciation expense. Considering these items, we do expect third quarter earnings of $1.25 cents per share. With that, we would be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: On the synergy side, the realizations continue to come in very impressively. Would you be able to tell us how you guys are trending in the packaging business in terms of the realization versus target as well as what the trend is in the paper segment?
Rick West: Alex, this is Rick West. In terms of the overall synergies, we are getting a number of synergies in the packaging business as well as the white papers business in our mills and our box plants. If you look at our total synergies, they are basically coming from three or four basic areas. Productivity and optimization at our mills, cost reduction in our mills, lower corporate overhead, improvement in our white papers business and also optimization of our box plant operations. So it's basically coming from both sides.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Okay, Rick. That's helpful qualitative color. And then, in terms of how the realized numbers so far breaks up between the segments, would you be able to share that? Or are you not willing to give us that breakout?
Rick West: No, we do not. There's so many moving things, where you are getting improvement, if you could classify synergies, also general improvements that you normally have in the business. So it's very difficult to try to break it out and we are not going to do that.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: That's fair, and just one more for me on the white paper segment. I am estimating that the price moved up about $17 per ton sequentially. Can you confirm that number first? Then second of all, is there incremental pricing that we should be thinking about in white papers in the third and fourth quarter of this year?
Judy Lassa: Well, first of all, we have achieved significant price increases on a significant amount of our business. Some of that which is tied to the increase [ph], but the exact amount is competitive information and we won't comment on that as well not being able to comment on board frankly.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Hi, yes and good morning. I just want to make sure I got that debt number from Rick. What was the quarter in total debt for the company?
Rick West: $2,432 million.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Does that include the short term debt as well?
Rick West: That is correct.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay, got you. And the final question is --
Paul Stecko: And Chip, the rest of that, however this is Paul, we have got $160 million or so cash on hand too. So if you want to do a net debt number, you have got to take the $160 million too off.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Got you, and the one thing that we have gotten a lot of questions about was this move by RISI on the weekend where they took $10 out of the semichemical medium price and I know the writer mentioned that this was an adjustment for things he had seen, I guess, since last fall. And I didn't know if you had seen a net reduction in the semichemical side over that period or is all the weakness really just in recycled and I guess that's how he tried to capture that.
Tom Hassfurther: Chip, this is Tom. I will take that question real quick. I can tell you, that my personal reaction was nothing short of shock when I saw that because we have an advantage quite frankly in terms of being able to get a good look at what's happening overall in pricing because we both buy and sell and we have seen absolutely no change in semichem medium prices. In fact, if you look at what happened last month and you look at the medium operating rates of 100.1% and yet inventories fell 22,000 tons, it correlates very closely to what we see in the market which is very tight medium supplies. So needless to say, we were quite shocked by the number. Obviously trying to capture something that's, the price depends on the quality. I think it has lots to do with that as well. And we are having a difficult time securing enough quality medium ourselves in the marketplace. So that's the best color I can give you on that question.
Paul Stecko: Chip this is Paul Stecko. I think what you said is probably the case that over the last year, they had some startup tons primarily in the recycled side and quality varies, and we are not big, we don't purchase very much recycled medium. We purchase primarily semichem and that price has remained stable. This is similar with pulp and paper. It is correct that some recycled medium has moved from 20 to 30, it's really as you characterized that a catch-up event and the only vehicle they have to catch that up as that's part of the market is to throw it into the semichem price even though, in our opinion, semichem hasn't moved at all. So we understand that. We are not really troubled by it, but you have got to understand the fact that this is not a recent happening, it's a one off event that happened over seven months that they are choosing to reflect and as much more so than a recent event that, hey, this just happened yesterday. Well, it just got reported yesterday to capture something that's related to the price of semichem. So that's kind of a long winded explanation, but I think that's what your question really started to getting at.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: That's helpful, and one quick follow-up. I remember in the 80s and 90s, five and half to six and half weeks of supply across the mills and box plants was a normal inventory figure and in recent years with just-in-time technologies, it seems like we have gotten down into the four week and yet in the last year, we have seen that edge back up, maybe from another several tons a week higher. Is there some reason that, would that just be that people have too much inventory? Or do you think there is something going on, given the increasing freight and some logistical challenges that you mentioned earlier?
Mark Kowlzan: Chip, if you look at just the trucking industry, well late last year legislation was passed. It's under the United States Department of Transportation Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, but it's in our service laws that are going to effect that very complex regulation regarding how the truck drivers have to account for their time spent behind the wheel each day, how many hours they are allowed to drive between breaks and so that has added a complexity. Again, there is approximately probably 2.7 million trucks on the road which means 2.7 million truck drivers having to deal with this new legislation. So that's been a big complexity. And also on the rail side of the equation, if you think about just number of tanker cars that are in service today compared to three years ago, the number has tripled just over the last three years in terms of just the number of tanker cars that are in there. Primarily they are handling oil of the North Dakota region. And so the amount of traffic congestion now in the rail lines has significantly increased due to that. And also with some of the accidents that occurred with oil tank cars, the speed and this is across the nation, the average speed on the rail is down 10% this year alone. So those few items have compounded this whole issue of just in time and what the optimum amount of inventory needs to be.
Paul Stecko: And Chip, this is Paul Stecko. Just to build on that and something you said, I have been around that long when six weeks was the norm. And you are right, there has been a structural change in the industry, and that was driven by industry consolidation where lot of companies reduced the number of box plants they had. And so you get the economy of scale there and over that time period, those inventory level that were required by the industry dropped. There used to be a magic number at which time people considered it a tight market and I think over the last 10 years that number has dropped little bit. So that that number would be that most people look at it in terms of what is tight has dropped. And I think that's primarily related to the fact that a lot of box plants has closed. But we think it's about the turn, at least in our business because the logistics situation is such that it's a lot cheaper to carry a little more inventory in all of your box plants than incur a huge freight premium for emergency shipment. So our feel is, this thing has bottomed out, the number box plants is fairly stable and where inventory levels go our plants are going to be affected by how efficient a logistics system we have to support our box plants. So there has been quite a change over the last 30 years.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Very helpful. Thank you.
Paul Stecko: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Good morning, guys. D3 appears to be coming on quite well. But the market seemed a little choppy at this juncture. Any thoughts on pushing to ramp up at a later time? And just can you give us a little feel for how full do you think that plant will be running in year one?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, if you look at where we are, year-to-date, we have already purchased 100,000 of board on the outside market. We anticipate 200,000 tons of outside purchases this year. We had stated, I believe it was on the first quarter call that for 2015, we would probably need 255,000 tons or so on the outside market. So if you look at where we are going with the machine, we expect to start the machine up on November 1 and we will ramp the machine production to full capacity over time. Most of the tons will go to our own box plants, as we pull back on our outside purchases. In addition, we will be better able to supply a few of our long term export customers, but again as far as the ramp up, if you think about the fact that the box plant business continues to grow at that 4% rate, we will have a home for these tons in our system. So we are not concerned about ramping up the demand at this point.
Paul Stecko: Only thing that I would add, I don't know what your definition of choppy is, but the industry ran at 97% last quarter -- last month. So that's still a pretty high operating rate.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Got you, and that is helpful. And with D3 winding down this year, can you help us peg a CapEx number for 2015?
Rick West: That's something that we will need to get the machine started out and we will need to look at towards the end of the year and we are not prepared to give estimates at this point.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of the export market, I know it's a smaller part of your business but with D3 ramping us, just what's your view on the export market? I know you said prices have been stable for you. Is there a price increase in the marketplace by European producers? Just wanted your thoughts on Europe in general? Do you think that's going to stick and how are market conditions in general on the European market?
Tom Hassfurther: Phil, this is Tom. Number one is, we can't predict what prices are going to do and we don't give those kind of projections going forward. I can only tell you that what's happening in export prices. We have got we got some markets that are trying to move up in price. We have got others that have some small amount of price pressures. Our advantage obviously is the fact that if prices don't agree with what we think we need to sell for, we can always pull back and move them back here into the domestic market. So I think it's moving around the world depending on what's going on in those various economies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Okay. All right. Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. Rick, I just wanted to clarify, I think you had mentioned that you had achieved roughly $85 million to $90 million in synergies to-date or that was kind of a run rate at this point and that you are anticipating to be at $170 million by the end of 2016. Did I hear that right?
Rick West: That is correct.
Paul Stecko: No, I don't think that is correct. It's $175 million, not $170 million.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay.
Paul Stecko: You said $170 million. I think you meant $175 million, because that's what we said.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, and just so that I understand, and that is independent of other types of operational types of improvements that you might get or is that kind of an all-encompassing number, the way we should think of it? Because you had made that point about how it is difficult retrospectively to look back and can differentiate. Is that though kind of an assessment of the extra value from synergies? Or is it more an all-encompassing number?
Paul Stecko: I will give you a great answer. Some of each. And by that, I mean we will capture some of the things that we concluded. This was really a synergy but if we make a standalone improvement at the Counce mill or the Valdosta mill, that's not in the number. The DeRidder project is a standalone project. So the return that we published about that project, that's not a synergy. We bought the company but we said upfront, that doesn't count as a synergy. That's all over and above. But basically, when you look at these things, and it gets complicated. That's why when you report these numbers, you have got to give that disclaimer, some of these things are hard to separate and we do the best we can, but if it occurs at a mill that had nothing to do with the combination with Boise, that doesn't count. If we move paper from Counce to DeRidder and we say freight, that does count. But what's complicated is we have got hundreds and hundreds of these items, and we don't want to make the accounting more work than the money we are saving. So some of these things are estimates and it's just a pretty a gray area, to be perfectly frank.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, and just one other small one, if you comfortable with it. I think you had Wallula and I-Falls down in the second quarter. The old Boise used to give a indications on how much the downtime in the different quarters would cost. I don't know if that's something that you are not planning to do or is that some color that you could give us just in helping as we do quarterly modeling?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, as we said last quarter, Mark, the one thing that's going to change a lot for us is repair job amortization, if we take the outages throughout the year and then amortize the total cost of the repairs over the remainder of the year. And if we look at that and second quarter, the repair job amortization was $0.03 per share. It's going to go to $0.07 per share in the third quarter and then up to $0.13 per share in the fourth quarter. Now, if you look at the other impact of the outages, the production losses, direct cost associated, the inefficiencies you have in an outage, we are going to pick up a little bit in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, and it will pick up a little bit more in the fourth quarter in earnings compared to third quarter. So those two items will be going down some if we progress through the two quarters, but it will need the repair job amortization that is increasing that is the predominant factor in the rest of the year.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: That it is very helpful. That was for total company, though? Is that correct?
Mark Kowlzan: It was total company, including the VA Mills and the previous Boise Mills, white papers and packaging.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. A couple of questions, if I could. Back to the synergy, and I realize it's a long ways from 2016, but given the progress that you are making already with synergies and run rate that you have achieved, given that the progress that you have been seeing at the mills at Counce and Valdosta, which is being helped by the synergies and the acquisition of Boise, does there come a point, potentially, where maybe have an opportunity to reassess the synergies and perhaps see that there might be additional amounts that you benefit by? Or is that run rate $175 million by 2016, that's the number going forward, no matter what?
Rick West: George, at this point, we said at least $175 million. This is Rick West.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Hi, Rick.
Rick West: Which implies there is a potential for more, but we prefer to give you an update on the total number at the end of the year as we continue to assess things. In terms of achievability and timeframe before the end of 2016, it may be possible, but it's too soon to tell. We would like a little bit more runway because a number of the synergies you get upfront, we had a plan to get the productivity objectives done in terms of synergies and the corporate overhead and now we are working through the other items. So it's really two soon to tell.
Paul Stecko: Yes. Let me add just a little technicolor on that. We just recently had one where we made some changes in the way we run our recovery boiler at DeRidder and we saw some savings. We saw some productivity and that number is in our second quarter earnings. The question you have is, can we sustain that. In other words, did we just create another bottleneck someplace else, but eventually it's going to wipe out that savings. So some of these things, you just can't run them off and claim them right way. You have got to make sure that you are continuing this thing for three, four months that, hey, this things permanent. It's just not a one time thing that another bottleneck eventually wipes out. So you can't claim victory too soon in some of these things, and that's why we won't give updates quarterly on this. We want to make sure that the number is a good number and then we will release it.
George Staphos - Bank of America: That's fair and we appreciate the technicolor, as you said Paul, on that. Two additional questions, and it will turn over. First, as we look out to early third quarter, could you give us any update on bookings or billing on an adjusted basis? There has been some evidence from some of the other companies that we track, not necessarily in corrugated, that there are some destock that occurred in the second quarter. Any effect you are seeing in your numbers? And then mechanically speaking, and to the extent that it makes you can feel comfortable talking about this, does that $10 drop in pulp and paper week really affect much of your business? Mechanically, how much effect would it have at all on your outlook? Thanks, guys and good luck in the quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: George, this is Tom. I will take the first part, how we look in early the third quarter. This is going to be a little tough comparison in this particular month because we have got 11 days but last year of the FBA recognized two holidays, this year one holiday. So I think the best way to look at it is, on a total basis our volume is up 9% but we are flat on a per workday basis, obviously because of that extra holiday. So probably I would estimate that the month is probably going to come out somewhere in between. Probably 4.5% is probably where we were really tracking on a per workday basis by the time that the month ends. The $10 drop in medium is very little effect, less than half a penny share at this point is what we would project. And it could be even less than that, quite frankly.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Regarding the acquisition in Southern California, I was wondering if you could quantify or give us any color on the size and maybe multiple paid? And then maybe just more broadly as we look towards second half of the year and 2015, how do you think about bolt-ons? Do you have a certain amount of money that you have budgeted for bolt-ons that you try to ramp up your integration rate? Any kind of color you can give would be appreciated.
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, this is Tom again. The only thing we really disclose on acquisitions is the purchase price, which was $21 million. But Crockett, again, these acquisitions have to meet the criteria, as we said forward. We have got be able to have a great customer base, a great management team, as well as being accretive to earnings. Crockett meets all of those objectives. And you know it happens to be in a market where we definitely had some capacity constraints. So it fills a lot of need for us. Regarding acquisitions going forward, it will be the same strategy we have always had. When they come along and they are a great fit and they meet all our needs, we move forward. But as I said many times, these are not acquisitions that come along every day. We look at many, many acquisition opportunities throughout the year and quite frankly very few of them meet the criteria because our bar is very high. But we will continue to make them as they come along and as it fits into our needs and we are getting up there to a reasonably high integration level and we will keep moving that forward.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay, that's helpful. And then, given the success you had with Boise and the investor response to that, is it fair to say that mill acquisitions are also at least on the table? Or do you have to wait to deleverage further before you would consider something like that?
Mark Kowlzan: Right now, we have got plenty of opportunity with the integration activity going on with the optimization that's going on a daily basis within the mills that were part of Boise fleet. So we have got plenty of runway opportunity with these mills that we have got right now. So we wouldn't actively be looking at any other mill assets.
Paul Stecko: And just to amplify what Mark said, this is Paul Stecko. We have never had a goal to get bigger. We have always had a goal to make more money. And so right now, we think the Boise acquisition is a good vehicle to do that and that we have got a full court press on those activities. Once we are through that then other possibilities could arise but we are not going to put the cart before the horse.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay, that's helpful. Turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Thanks. Just two quick things. First, Boise improved your liner medium mix. Is that having a fast impact or are we going to see that show up over time in efficiency? And second, can you tell us whether the white paper system is still short pulp after all the changes that we have had over last year or so?
Mark Kowlzan: Judy why don't you take the white paper one.
Judy Lassa: So, from the standpoint of being full short, we still purchase pulp at our Jackson mill.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: And I think with regard to the first part of your question regarding containerboard, again, there is a big benefit we have seen being able to utilize the assets at DeRidder on D1 machine and optimizing grade mix and also taking advantage of the West Coast where the Wallula media machine has proven to be very beneficial to us.
Paul Stecko: And what you said about the Boise being heavier and the lines of the medium is certainly true. That did improve our balance. It actually maybe improved a little too much. And that's why the D3 conversion will put us right where we need to be. So that's how we get back to the perfect balance.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Okay. So you have already gotten a significant part of the benefit but there is more coming with D3?
Paul Stecko: Yes, absolutely.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Perfect. Thank you.
Paul Stecko: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to ask, correct me if I am wrong, but I think your total corrugated shipments increased 4.8% quarter-over-quarter. It's a bit lower than the industry, which grew 5.3%. And if I back into your legacy growth, its actually a little bit higher than the industry. So I am just curious you are shipping some of your Boise business into the PKG legacy pants and if we should expect that going forward?
Tom Hassfurther: What you are seeing in those numbers, we are just reporting the PCA legacy plants right now because it's very difficult for us to get our arms completely around the Boise plant because we are shifting business back and forth, and I would not necessarily conclude that the PCA legacy plants are a big beneficiary of that.
Rick West: The one thing I would to what Tom said, this is Rick West, our numbers for (inaudible) from the first quarter of the second quarter do include the entire shipments of the company, but when making year-over-year comparisons, so that you can reflect it compared to the industry, it is only the PCA numbers.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: That's helpful. Okay, and then I guess my second question is, I think you had said that the Boiler MACT spend (inaudible), is going to be about $25 million. And I just didn't know if you had given any timing on that?
Rick West: Yes, the spend is still around range right now and we are on track. We are currently working on the Tomahawk boiler. So we don't see changes there.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Rick West: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a couple quick ones. Most might have been asked but with respect to some of the new capacity you have got coming online with D3, I think you still talked about how you would have been short but with what's coming on stream you would still have a little more than maybe what you needed. Industry practice has been, something came on last year that some of those tons get discounted a bit in the marketplace until they get filled for a period of time. Can you maybe talk about a couple of different things? One, what might contribution look like from DeRidder, November 1, when that comes on stream? Does that take six months to get all the way up to speed or how that works? And two, how do you have to go to market with those extra tons?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again just reiterating. If you think about 2014, we will anticipate that we are going about 200,000 tons on the outside market. We start the machine up as we are planning in November. We currently have the home moving those tons out into our own system and then the original plan calls for curtailing the outside purchases as time went on. So we have got immediately that on that balance we have got a home for a significant portion, if you thought the machine was going to ramp up very quickly. And then if you look at our growth rate on the corrugated box cut up, on a 4% per year is about 90,000 or 100,000 tons of more requirements. So very quickly through 2015 you would be consuming the vast majority of these tons coming off the machine to our own box plant.
Paul Stecko: Yes. And to say it another way, we are our own market. So, how do you go to market to yourself? It is a lot easier than going to the open market. And with regard to projections on the ramp up, we are going to ramp up first and report about it. We are not going to forecast how a ramp up is going to go. That is a lot less predictable and other things. Although we are pretty confident. So we are going to skip the second half of that question.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: Fair enough. Second question I had was, as we look at some of the data through the quarter that we view, it looked like it was a bit choppy, obviously some months better than others. I think April better, May a little softer. Could you comment on, did you see any changes in trajectory through the past quarter? Were there any differences between categories? Maybe between food and different elements that nature within your customer sets? Some that were better, some that were worse that we should be mindful of?
Tom Hassfurther: Chris, this is Tom. Our shipments were pretty steady throughout the quarter. There was not a significant amount of change. We might have had a little bit more in April, just as we catch up with some of the weather-related things that we mentioned in the first quarter. But for the most part, it was very steady. Now regarding market segments, we never break out by market segments and report on that. So I am sorry, I can't tell handle that question for you.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: Okay, that's helpful. And good luck, guys.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. You talked about the synergy realization, but I didn't catch the number on the cost to achieve. I think before you said $70 million to $80 million cost to achieve? Is that still a reasonable number on the synergy side to achieve?
Rick West: Yes. That's still a good number.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Okay, and then on DeRidder, the $100 million of CapEx that you plan to spend in 2014 where are we on that process? How much have we spent to-date? And then how much -- what's the timing of that capital spend for the balance of the year?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, for an annualized run rate, that's just, by the end of the year, we will have spent $100 million dollars to complete that project and bring the D3 on to containerboard machine.
Rick West: I would only add one thing. We do have a lot of capital in second half of the year. We have done a lot of work preliminary at shutting down the machine. We have made a lot of downpayments, but I would say we will have more capital in the second half of the year than the first half of the year.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: And is there anything you see with that project or anything in the market that you see that would affect the after-tax? I think you said after-tax DCF [pf] would return to 30% to 35%. Is there anything that would make that either lower or higher?
Rick West: No. Again, we still feel good about that number. As Paul said, we make our own market and those tons are spoken for.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Sure, and then just lastly on the office paper shipments. You said they were down 2% in the quarter. I think they were up 5.5% in the first quarter. Anything that's shifting within your business there, as you move through the year, other than the market?
Judy Lassa: No, and our second quarter shipments were lower than first quarter but that's really strong first quarter and we needed to rebuild the inventory going into our outages at I-Falls and Wallula.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Great. Thank you.
Rick West: Great. Then, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Hi, thanks a lot. I would like to circle back on the inventory discussion and just for perspective, is there a sense you could give us on maybe how much additional inventory in tons you might be optimally wanting to take carry more, given some of the logistical and transportation items you talked about?
Paul Stecko: Yes, this is Paul. We think we are at the number now. We had to bump it up roughly 10% and we think it's the right number. We think we can service our business optimally at this number where our inventories up about roughly 10%. And we will see. As logistics get better and better, we will pull that number down and hopefully we don't have put any more in there because that would be indicative of even further exacerbated transportation problems. So we made about 10% adjustment. We think that's going to hold. Time will tell.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that, Paul. Second question is just along the lines of some of the recycled startup tonnage and any thoughts as far as kraft liner versus recycled liner spread and if there is any additional appetite or risk for some customers to, that are currently using boxes with virgin for kraft liner going to recycled?
Tom Hassfurther: Al, this is Tom. I think really what the requirements from the customers are revolved around quality and their ability to move their products safely and efficiently from point A to point B. So the other recycled startup are going to have to meet a high criteria, I think, to really compete the marketplace, and that requires a lot of capital to get there. So instead of the -- I think there's markets for each to some extent, but the majority of the market will still revolve around the quality of the sheet and the quality of the box you provide to customer.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Then I wanted just, Rick, and thanks for the commentary on the amortization of maintenance and as far as production pickup in tons, is there any way, I know you had mentioned third quarter and fourth quarter we will see a little bit of that from this maintenance schedules, but is there a way you could sign this, put this, and quantify this for us as far as number of tons picked up in third quarter and fourth quarter sequentially?
Rick West: No. We do not have project tonnage. There's a lot of factors there. I would say, as we did earlier, we said higher sales volume, but we are not going to get into that, how much we are going to produce the next quarter.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Okay, and I am not talking about produce but just from a maintenance schedule perspective. How much pickup you get just from your maintenance? I am not asking for the --
Rick West: We don't give the exact tons that we are going to take out the next quarter. But I would tell you as I said earlier, with the fact that we have our Valdosta Mill down and our Wallula Mill down, there is not that much difference in production losses between the two quarter. But I am going to be able to give you the exact number.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Okay. All right. Well, thanks for that additional insight anyway. Okay. All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Steve Chercover - Davidson: Thanks. I am at the tail-end here too. So thanks for the color on the semichemical news and you guys have long been proponents of the importance of virgin. Do you think that this could be the beginning of a true schism between the pricing of the two products?
Mark Kowlzan: No.
Steve Chercover - Davidson: All right, and that's a brief answer. With respect to DeRidder, I think you said that your costs are going to come down, but should we be modeling any startup expenses in the fourth quarter? Or is it just kind of accretive because you are exiting newsprint?
Mark Kowlzan: We are not giving fourth quarter guidance on startup expenses at this point. We will give more of a protection of the D3 machine in the total picture with our third quarter, well really after we startup. It's something that you have to wait and see.
Rick West: Yes, and on that previous question, we do give maintenance downtime numbers for the upcoming quarter. So we told today how many tons we would lose at Valdosta and Wallula, but we only do that one quarter in advance. We don't give it full year. We don't do two quarters in advance. And it's the same thing when you are getting into cost elements as a fourth quarter. We talk about things one quarter in advance. We will talk about the fourth quarter when we have this meeting again reporting on third quarter result. And that's been our policy for the last 15 years.
Steve Chercover - Davidson: Understood, and then with your Crockett acquisition, are you getting any early read on the California agricultural season?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, Crockett is just, a small way business in the ag business, just like we are as well. That ag business, it depends on what crop you are in. There is whole bunch of different moving parts out there. Some are hurting much worse than others and depending on the time of the harvest but needless to say, the draught has some effect.
Steve Chercover - Davidson: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning. Mark, just curious, it seems like these other conversions that ran on over the last 12 to 18 months, newsprint and the containerboard were pretty rough for the guys that attempted on that. Have there been any lessons that you guys have taken from that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, we have said over the last few years, you can converge just about anything but part of that equation is how much capital does it take to produce the quality that you really require and so I think again knowing what we know how do well, we have been address those issues and understanding how we have to apply that the capital to achieve the ultimate goal. So again part of the equation here too is that the D3 machine will have a much bigger virgin make up opportunity with the virgin fiber. So it's not just a recycled converted murder machine. So in that regard I think this is not quite comparable to other conversions that have been attempted.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets: Yes. I guess you guys have a market too. I had a question for Tom Hassfurther if I could. Tom, there has been some talk about changes that some of the shippers are going to make in how they charge for the packaging shipments going forward, charging for size as well as weight and I just wondered whether you think this is going to have much effect on the business? And also whether it's going to lead to have more use of these on-site customized box machines and whether that might be interesting niches for PCA?
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, I would say that I don't think it's going to have any - -overall it's not going to have a big impact one way or the other. I don't think these changes that are occurring at the UPS and FedEx as an example. But I do think that regarding these sampled [ph] conversion, that sort of stuff to make a more customized box, you know that market has been there. It's growing. I think it has slowed down in terms of its growth and there is applications for it, but I think that it will continue to grow to some extent. There is some opportunities for us, I think for anybody probably, because it is a consumption arena that is growing and we are taking a look at that and as well as other things. But I don't see it as being a huge change or shift in terms of demand in that arena.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then finally, Judy, can you just comment on the release liner market? My sense has always been that that kind of ramp-up at Wallula has run a little slower than Boise expected them. And I wondered if you could just give us a sense of how the market looks right now?
Judy Lassa: Yes, certainly. Really, in that market, the demand is pretty solid with a slight growth going on and the opportunity at Wallula is going to allow us to get in some different segments and some different capabilities.
Paul Stecko: And to build on that, Mark, a little bit, we just did a project out there on annual shutdown that Judy talked about in terms of a head box and informer improvement and you are right, that slowed the ramp-up and the sale of that product when Boise ran the operations and one of the first things that actually that was identified both between Judy and Mark was that that needed to be fixed in order to get what we really want to get out of that machine. And so far, we have been extremely pleased with what that machine has down since that rebuild.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks very much. Good luck in the third quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Very good. Operator, we are just about out of time. We could probably take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your final question comes from the line of Garo Norian with Palisade Capital.
Garo Norian - Palisade Capital: Hi, guys. You have talked for a few years about OCC prices likely moving up and make conversion more attractive more mostly probably driven by demand coming from Asia and it seems this hasn't really started to play out and I was just curious as to why you think it hasn't yet or am I just not seeing it in the numbers?
Paul Stecko: This is Paul Stecko. The simple answer, we predicted that the world run out of recycled fiber and that's what happened in 2009 at the financial collapse, but concerned. It occurred that the supply demand line has about crossed. And what's happened since then is, it comes down to one thing, as China goes so goes the world. China's asset for OCC could be insatiable. They come to the U.S. for most of it. If China starts growing again at the rate that even is close to resembling what they did in the past, we think that indeed will happen and when it happens, it will be more a function of China's growth than anything else.
Garo Norian - Palisade Capital: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: And with that, we will conclude the second quarter call. I look forward to talking to you during the third quarter call in October. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark Kowlzan - CEO Rick West - CFO Tom Hassfurther - EVP Judy Lassa - SVP Paul Stecko - Chairman 
Analysts:  Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip Ng - Jefferies Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Scott Gaffner - Barclays Al Kabili - Macquarie  
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon the conclusion of his narrative there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America’s first quarter earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our Packaging business; Judy Lassa, Senior Vice President who runs our White papers business; and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning’s call and after the presentation we’ll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday we reported first quarter net income of $90 million or $0.92 per share. Reported net income included after tax special item charges of $16 million or $0.16 per share including the approval cost of settlement of the antitrust class action lawsuit for $0.11. The Boise integration cost for $0.03 and non-cash charges related to the DeRidder restructuring of $0.02. Excluding these special items net income was a record $106 million or $1.08 per share compared to the first quarter of 2013 net income of $62 million or $0.64 per share. Net sales were record $1.4 billion in the first quarter compared to $755 million last year. The $0.44 per share increase in earnings excluding special items was driven the acquisition of Boise which adds $0.35 per share of earnings and also by the improvement in PCA's earnings of $0.09 per share. The increase in PCA’s earnings was from the improved pricing mix of $0.21 lower medical and pension workers’ compensation cost $0.03, partially offset by higher cost for labor of $0.04, energy $0.04, freight $0.02, repairs $0.02 and other items $0.04. The details of these special items in the first quarter were included in the schedule that accompanies our earnings press release. We had an outstanding quarter driven by strong operations, improved pricing mix and the Boise acquisition which was 48% accretive PCA’s first quarter earnings. The integration of Boise with PCA’s operations is ahead of schedule resulting in synergies being realized faster than we originally had expected. Extreme weather conditions did impact several of our mills and box plants driving up the prices of paper, fuels, electricity, freight and also increase in fuel consumption. Significant snow falls and icy conditions also resulted in 23 of our box plants has been shut down from 1 to 6.5 days. In total we estimate the extreme weather conditions equated to about $0.09 per share of which $0.06 per share was recognized in the first quarter and $0.03 per share was capitalized in inventory and will reduce the second quarter earnings and the higher cost inventory sold. The $0.06 per share and earnings reduction in the first quarter was about $0.03 per share more than what we had included in our earnings guidance. On the positive side medical and workers’ compensation cost were abnormally low, $0.02 per share lower than last year and $0.02 per share lower than in our guidance forecast. Lower interest expenses and taxes taken together were $0.02 per share better than forecasted. The lower interest cost was from an interest rebate and the lower tax rate was from a true up of state taxes owned with changes in tax laws. Other positives were better pricing mix, strong operations and synergy realization which in total exceeded our forecast by about $0.04 per share. Looking at more details of the operations in our packaging segment, the first quarter EBITDA excluding special items was $244 million on sales of $1.97 billion. Box shipments were up 31% over the first quarter of last year and up 29% per work day with one additional work day in the first quarter 2014. Excluding Boise, PCA’s corrugated products shipments were up 3.4% in total and up 1.8% per work day. The 1.8% increase in PCA shipments per work day is against the tough comp with PCA’s first quarter 2013 shipments up 7.1% over prior year 2012. Both domestic containerboard and export sales demand remain strong in first quarter. With our strong internal demand we had fewer tons available to supply in these markets so we reduced our shipments by 12000 tons compared to last year’s first quarter. Our containerboard mills produced 821,000 tons running extremely well and setting productivity records at our Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mills and the Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mill.  One synergy we have achieved that has scheduled driving Counce and Valdosta’s production records is shifting some of the lightweight linerboard from Counce and Valdosta to our more productive at lower cost lightweight machine at DeRidder. Counce and Valdosta are now made in heavyweight rates that were previously made at DeRidder. This is a synergy we want to achieve early in the integration process and everyone working on this did an outstanding job. We also completed the annual maintenance at our Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill in March which resulted in reduced production of about 22,000 tons. PCA ended the quarter with a total containerboard inventories down 4000 tons compared to the end of the first quarter of 2013 including both Boise and PCA inventories. In the second quarter we will have our Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mills down eight days in May for it's annual maintenance outage which will result in reduced production of about 13,000 tons. Our integration level in the first quarter was just over 90%, that’s near total containerboard demand PCA purchased 42,000 tons containerboard from the outside market during the first quarter. Pricing for containerboard remains essentially steady with the fourth quarter, pricing for corrugated products was up a bit mainly as a result of a few contracts that reset prices annually and we did have a richer mix than we expected during the quarter. Looking at our paper segment, first quarter EBITDA excluding special items was $40 million on sales of 309 million, office paper shipments were up 5.5% or 10,000 tons compared to last year’s first quarter and up 1% compared to the fourth quarter. Printing and converted papers and pressure sensitive paper shipments were down about 20,000 tons as a result of our capacity rationalization and international falls in last year’s fourth quarter. White paper’s price has improved during the first quarter as a result previously announced price increases for office papers and printing and converting rates. Also in February we announced a 5% increase of pressure sensitive papers effective April 1, 2014. We ended the quarter with our total white paper’s inventories down 25,000 tons compared to the end of first quarter 2013. During the second quarter, our Wallula, Washington and International Falls, Minnesota white paper mills will be down because of their annual maintenance outages which are expected to result and reduced production of about 15,000 tons so our white paper mills will have to run extremely well. Looking at cost our energy cost particularly natural gas went up significantly in the first quarter driven by higher demand with cold weather and low inventories. So far the second quarter we have not seen natural gas prices go down that much with the current NYMEX futures down only about 6% compared to the first quarter average. Electricity rates were also up and we see the rates going seasonally higher in the second quarter with warmer weather particularly at the Southern Mills. And now I will turn it over to Rick West, our CFO who will provide more details related to the financials.
Rick West:  In the first quarter PCA generated cash from operations of a 149 million, capital expenditures for the first quarter were 51 million. Common stock dividends of 39 million were paid in the first quarter or $0.40 per share. We did not repurchase any shares of PCA company stock during the first quarter. Cash tax payments of 2 million were made during the first quarter and we ended the quarter with a 186 million in cash. We paid off 66 million of long term debt during the quarter making our total debt reduction since the acquisition a 175 million. With the debt pay down our long term debt is now at 2.482 billion. We have finalized setting for total capital spend, we expect 2014 capital expenditures of about 400 million which includes the DeRidder conversion project, with expected spending of a 100 million in 2014. Finally I want to provide you with some information for our scheduled annual mill outages in 2014. As Mark said earlier in the call we had our Counce down in the first quarter for it's annual outage and we have three additional mills scheduled to be down in the second quarter. Our plans are to have one mill down in the third quarter and two mills down in the fourth quarter for their annual maintenance outages. We amortized the repair cost associated with each outage over the remainder of the year after the outage is completed. Well we don’t give an annual earnings forecast we do give full estimates for items that can be unusual or timing related and this is the case here. Based on our 2014 schedule the total earnings impact for each quarter for mill maintenance outages including the higher operating cost, production loss impact and amortization of repair cost was $0.07 per share in the first quarter and is estimated to be $0.10 per share in the second quarter and $0.10 per share in the third quarter and $0.24 per share in the fourth quarter. The significant increase in the fourth quarter is driven for the most part by the cumulative effect of amortizing remaining repair cost for all shutdowns that occurred during the year including the fourth quarter. I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you Rick. Before I move to the second quarter outlook I want to comment briefly on the DeRidder conversion project. On March 26, we announced plans to convert the number three news print machine at DeRidder to produce 355,000 tons annually of lightweight linerboard and corrugated medium and exit the news print business. The D3 machine will continue to produce news print appreciate customers through mid-September, 2014 at which time it will be shut down and converted to containerboard production with an anticipated startup by November 1, 2014. The total capital cost for converting D3 is about $115 million with $15 million having being spent in 2013 and a 100 million to be spent in 2014. Approximately a 100,000 tons of low cost conversion fiber will become available for containerboard production but do see in mind our higher cost recycled fiber required. The D3 conversion project is expected to be produce an after tax discounted cash flow return of 30% to 35%. Without D3 we estimate that our outside purchase of containerboard in 2015 would be about 250,000 tons. D3 also allows us to return some funds to our long term customers we export market where for the past several years we had to withdraw some funds so that we can meet our internal domestic demand. So you can see that our times with the D3 conversion is pretty good. Let’s wrap it up with our second quarter outlook, we expect higher sales volume in corrugated products and higher prices in white papers and lower fuel consumption with warmer weather. With three of our mills down for their annual outages in second quarter compared to only one in the first quarter we expect higher increase cost particularly in amortization of annual outage repair cost and lower production compared to the first quarter. As I said earlier on the call we also expect our medical and workers’ compensation claim to increase to a more normal level and electricity rates are expected to go up with normal seasonal rate increases. Finally we will recognize the remaining $0.03 per share impact and extreme weather in the first quarter and we expect the higher tax rate. Considering these items we currently expect second quarter earnings of about a $1.10 per share. With that we will be happy to entertain questions but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that operator I would like to open the call to questions please.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: First off I was wondering if you could speak to the trends you’re seeing in April on both the corrugated side and if possible the white paper side?
Tom Hassfurther:  Yes the trends in April are very solid, we have got a number of booking days now. We’re up very nicely. I think some of that is a result of the carryover from the first quarter where we had some weather related issues which probably cost us about a percent in our total shipments, so we have had some catch up there and everything looks pretty positive going into the second quarter. We also be up about the 3.6% we estimated this stage for a 10 days of data for April.
Judy Lassa: Well it has been definitely pretty lumpy in Q4 and Q1 and with price increase going on and weather related issues and such. We’re looking at market demand be more closer to the normal levels in the lower digit of reduction in uncoated freesheet. I think the underlying fundamentals for demand has not materially changed but expect to see more normal conditions in second quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Judy given the closures that Boise completed prior to the acquisition can you remind us what your mix now between cut size, offsets and other grades?
Judy Lassa: In the majority of the closure was around pressure sensitive but a heavier weight grades and we also are -- other business partners at this point and would have gone down a little bit on printing and converting grades.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: So cut size is as a percentage…? 
Judy Lassa: It's not impacted by the closures.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay so that at this point is the vast majority of your volumes?
Judy Lassa: Correct.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up question for Rick, you referenced medical and worker compensation costs that were abnormally low and also the interest rebate I think that helped you out a bit in the quarter. Can you just give a little bit more color on those two impacts?
Rick West: Well the answer is rebate is something we receive annually from one of our lenders that -- its not guarantee but it normally occurs and this was our first time we received and it's in the first quarter. So that’s probably about a 0.5% [ph] of the share. If you look at the medical and workers’ comp cost you know generally they run a certain level and in the first quarter they were probably about $0.02 per share lower than we expected and what would even be a norm and they answer me from our standpoint you know we don’t know if that was just the fact a catch-up in year-end certain things not being processed by the outside claims agency or could it have been some particular items that people postpone till the next quarter in order to even going to the hospital with an extreme weather. It's really something we can’t judge but I would say that we do expect it to go up in the second quarter to a more normal level especially for the medical. Workers’ comp it's a function of your safety and what happens with ongoing cases. But more so the medical we think will go up more in second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. 
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Thanks Rick by the way for the detail on the way the maintenance cost will flow through the year, I just was wondering if you could give us an idea of how much of the swing this is versus what we have seen in the past. I know you haven't called it out but looks like it's really a $0.14 jump from the middle quarters to the fourth quarter, what would be more kind of roughly typical in past year’s when you were a smaller company?
Rick West: I would say Chip that it would have been more from a third to a fourth maybe a $0.04 per share -- $0.03 or $0.04 and it really was a function on the outages. The difference between the outages now and the outages that we had in the past we would take primarily our two southern mills down in the first quarter and our two northern mills in the second quarter whereas now we’re taking more with the I-Falls mills and the other mills spread over the year just because of a being able to schedule and get the work done with our internal staff and also manage it. From a standpoint of overall it's probably about as you would expect outages in the past would have been a total impact maybe $0.25 a year per share, now with four more mills it's about double just about what you would expect.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And then basically update on the CapEx, when we look at the future years and of course things can change obviously but based on your footprint and what it looks like today, what is sort of a good range to use for CapEx in ’15 and beyond?
Rick West: I think if you look at it and of course it can depend upon if we have additional strategy projects but I would say once the DeRidder is completed and some of the synergy capital that we have identified and once the Boiler MACT of course is completed you would be looking at a number of around 250 million and then of course if there is a strategic project that really add value, we would have entertained those projects and it would go up from there.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And last question you mentioned that you were out buying board in the market to supplement your needs in the box plants in certain areas. I was just wondering what your experience has been so far with some of the purely recycled news print conversions out there especially in Georgia, Oregon and Ontario.
Mark Kowlzan: The answer is there is some good 100% recycled product out there and there are some stuff that essentially will not run at least in our system and I don’t want to point out any of this stuff that doesn’t run on this call and I don’t want to downgrade any, people that are making it but there is a wide variety out there. Some of the stuff is pretty bad, obviously the stuff we’re buying is not but we really can’t comment further than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Security.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  First question just more of a housekeeping question guys, with Boise now in the mix could you mention to us how much OCC or how much recycle is of your overall tonnage and we can do the math but I’m assuming with D3 will that go up a few percentage points if you can give us some specific numbers on that, that will be helpful.
Mark Kowlzan: Probably today if you know what we take back in from our box plants and be okay we’re around 15% and after the conversion it's going to be about 19%, so just under 20% after the process is completed.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Next question I had just staying on paper capacity and production, you know when D3 comes, you could be over 300,000 tons to you, it adds as you said much needed capacity. If you continue growing at the rate you would expect which I realize is a little bit of a subject to question. You obviously have your own internal forecast, when do you think that you might start running up against capacity limitations again? Would that be two years out? Three years out? Can you give us any kind of view on that and overall the related question, as you continue to grow looking at the historical data you can see it improve your profit per ton and your return on capital, do you expect that your returns and profits will at least be maintained as you grow into the future? Thanks guys.
Mark Kowlzan: George that’s a hard question to answer because what we will do going forward obviously we’re bringing on 355,000 tons and it won't come on immediately we will ramp it up from startup through 2015 and you can do the math yourself and we have been growing at 6% a year. So you got to make an assumption what we grow with that and we grow less, we grow more and you get to a number that could be anywhere from 2, 3, 4, 5 years depending on what you assume as a growth assumption but the big wildcard then is that we also have a lot of tons that we will be selling into the export market that if we need those tons we can bring them back home as we have done in the last three years and so we could probably extend that time period to 3 - 4 years if we choose not to participate that all in the export market, that’s unlikely because quite frankly as you know we have had the position. The world is going to eventually run-out of recycled fiber and virgin fiber producers are going to be very advantage particularly in the export market. So we will keep our place in the export market, it may prove five years from now to be a very good place to be doing business and that could change the number. So there is a lot of simple answer to your question, but I think I’ve got you into at least the right church, you got to figure out pew we’re in, okay?  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies:  In terms of the Boise integration it seems like it's ahead of schedule, can you talk about if you had any new updates in terms of timing and your targets overall?
Mark Kowlzan: Again on a run-rate basis we’re about 15 million annualized which is $0.08 to $0.09 a share but we had anticipated that over the next couple of years we got a $175 million opportunity on synergies going forward.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: And then can you give us a little bit more color on the D3 ramp? It's coming online in Q4, do you expect it to have a negative or positive contribution from the early get go and how is that going to scale up overtime?
Mark Kowlzan : We expect come online and it should have a positive contribution immediately You know we would ramp up the tons into the system. We do have a home for the production. We’re buying stuff in the open market and the other thing that’s occurring of course is that it's replacing news print which will go down so we pick up a 100,000 tons of fiber, a very low cost fiber that is really earned no return now because we’re basically roughly breakeven in news print but we will see this into containerboard we have good margins in containerboard so we are going to pick up hefty margin on that first 100,000 of virgin fiber and then a positive margin on a recycled fiber also.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: And what are your longer term plans for D2, do you plan currently shutting it down or temporarily mothballing it?
Mark Kowlzan: Well the machine has been done for a few years now and so again that’s just the future opportunity down the road. Years from now that would be presenting itself, it's not even in the plans now. For long term it's in the building that you just got a paper machine but you are basically talking about putting in a completely new machine and then you’ve to put in a massive investment in the pulp mill to supply that machine fiber and that is one of those situations, when the world runs out of OCC in five years making it 10 years that could be a greenfield site for another machine but you’re talking 500 million, 600 million, 700 million investment to do something like that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: And any thoughts on the West Coast drought [ph] from an impact standpoint?
Mark Kowlzan: I’m not sure what you mean by that question.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Do you expect to have a meaningful impact to demand with the West Coast drought [ph]?
Tom Hassfurther : Yes there are some impact there is no question about it with the AG business out there. Not a large footprint for us fortunately but I think that those plants that are very, very focused on that Central Valley there are going to have some impact just based on the mere fact that they can’t get water in there and the crops are going to be significantly lower but it will be concentrated just for that area.
Mark Kowlzan: Just to build on what Tom said, we’re big players in the Florida AG business. We’re not that big of a player in the California AG business at least at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. 
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: You had mentioned that you felt the weather maybe had hurt the first quarter your box shipments to the tune of about 1% which I think would suggest that adjusting to that maybe you’re kind of a 2.5% - 3% type of year-over-year for the legacy business growth, is that in a kind of normal growing market, is that a reasonable expectation go forward or can we start seeing is it potential that we’re going to be back at the 6% type of growth rates that we had been seeing previously and maybe if you can give a little color on how we should thing about that?
Mark Kowlzan : Well the main color we will give you is red, we don’t give growth rates forecast that’s proprietary. We don’t want to share that with our competitors. That said, over the last four years we have been growing at 6% a year which makes each year even more difficult because the comp is very high and so you would expect that we will probably grow a little -- we would grow less than 6% because it's hard to sustain 6% a year forever and so and the 6% growth that we had included acquisitions of box plants as you recall and that will also affect the number.  So with acquisitions could it be 6%? Yes. Without them could it be 6%? Very doubtful.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: I think in the past you’ve given some indications on the acquisitions were -- was it 1% to 2%? I forgot.
Mark Kowlzan : Yes last few years we made a fair number of acquisitions so it was the 2%, that’s a pretty big number.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: And then just last, was last year, was it -- did you’ve a disproportionately strong first quarter last year?
Mark Kowlzan: Last year I believe we were up 7.2% on a per work day basis last year. So we had a very tough comparable for this year and this year of course we were up 1.8% on a per work day basis. So, that’s against the industry that it was down about 1.6% if I recall. So that spread is about normal for us in terms of the industry and again it was a very, very tough comparable so to the first point [ph] depending on the quarter we’re going to have some of those very high comparables.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Looking at the customs data for the quarter, I appreciate it. It looks like there has been a significant jump in imports of white paper into North America. Can you talk whether that’s having much impact on your business?
Judy Lassa: You know imports out there, we’re not going to stop them from coming in. They are another option in our customers’ portfolio and so our focus is more about continue to offer a solid value proposition through this entire supply chain and we have a roadmap logistics and network and maybe we can exceed on service, that’s really our position.
Mark Kowlzan: Let me amplify on that a little bit, we were up 5.5% in cut size and cut size is our main business, it's a biggest segment of our uncoated white. It's where we bring some unique capabilities to marketplace in terms of logistics and sales support and customer service. It's something that is about supplier such as export really can’t compete on total value in our opinion and so we are putting a lot of our eggs in the basket and to cut size is where we want to make our place in the market because what we can offer others can’t and others include exports and exports because of 40 week or 13 week supply chain to get the stuff here. It's stuff to compete on service. So our strategy is built primarily around cut size and being the best supplier in total value which includes prices, one element but a lot of other things. I think that’s a very important differences especially when you want to compare what we do versus exports.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: And then would you be able to say how much of the cut size price increase you’ve been able to implement? I mean looking at the indices of, it seems like so far they have only recognized 30 on your business that’s more open market. Can you just talk about how you have been able to perform there on the pricing side?
Judy Lassa: So on the first increase we realized majority of the amounts increase on our non-indexed business. As you mentioned we do have business price with index and those that only moved about $30 through the end of quarter but we do expect to see those indices go higher and we just saw pulp paper just moved this week and then on the second increase we’re just about there talking to our customers now and so that’s one still in progress and so we’re not in a position to comment about that one yet.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Just a clarification, you say majority is that 50 or is that 60 or somewhere in between that 50 to 60?
Judy Lassa: Majority of it is increase [ph].  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Credit Agricole Securities.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities:  Two questions Mark, the shift of heavy weight accounts on Valdosta from DeRidder obviously there is always optimization when you had a new mill. I’m just curious whether that was a productivity or a fiber decision, are you deep bottle necking. I’m just curious, who wins the most or what drove that decision?
Mark Kowlzan: It was considered both opportunities for fiber and taking advantage of what the big machine DeRidder can do but also the transportation component of that and where containerboard is going so we’re able to take advantage of again the fiber base and transportation logistics and the capability of the DeRidder machine to shift some of the light weight side of that and number one machine primarily at Counce and the machine at Valdosta.
Tom Hassfurther:  Yes as said in another way, we’re pulp limited at DeRidder and we’re not pulp limited in Valdosta and Counce. So you want to make as much light weight as DeRidder as you can because you will make more square feet with the same number of tons and so that’s what we’re doing and as you pointed as it helps our -- it maximizes our fiber balance and then from a productivity point of view the DeRidder is a much better light weight machine than Counce number one. We can’t make light weight on Counce number two and Valdosta. So this is a triple, this is the hat-trick of optimization we get three benefits.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities: And just one maybe harder question, if you think about the weather impact that you saw you mentioned some box plants lost some days. Did we see a mix shift that might have affected your average revenue per ton and may we see that shift back in Q2?
Mark Kowlzan: Mark I would say that the mix shift I mean we had a little bit better mix, our price was affected by the mix which I don’t think is significantly going to change going forward but also we had a, we did have a very large account whose price increase went into effect the first of the year which had an impact on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: Beyond the weather, I’m  wondering if you noticed any specific differences in the regional demand trends you can comment, either positive or negative, just changes in, box is targeted for e-commerce or things like that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well from a regional demand standpoint it's very hard to look back on this quarter and say there is any significant trends because you had three areas of the country which were dramatically impacted by weather that is the Mid-West, the North-East and the South-East, that’s what the primary impact was for PCA which by the way also were the largest footprint of box plants. So it's very difficult to draw any conclusions from the first quarter other than saying where are we now? Now as the weather settled down and that sort of thing and I think we’re back to much more normal demand trends really across the country with the exception of the one small pocket we talked about out there in California regarding AG.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: And then on the AG question that you got earlier, can you just remind us if you don’t have as much exposure to what the outcome might be for California, what are your end markets over on the West Coast that you can point to?
Tom Hassfurther: Well we’re primarily industrial market on the West Coast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo:  Just a couple of follow-up questions here first, could you comment maybe a bit on export pricing. Have you seen any movement up or downward with what you’re realizing in the export markets? 
Tom Hassfurther: Export markets in the fourth quarter drifted down a little bit, they have since stabled that primarily Western Europe and Latin America I’m talking about, China is an example, Japan, you know they have been very stable. So on an overall basis I would say that things are pretty stable.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo:  And then with respect to some of the weather issues as they played out -- thank you very much for the color on quantifying or trying to give your best guesses there as to how that flows but is your anticipation that some of that potential I guess made up as year goes on or some of that is permanently lost? What’s your guy tell you that how that may or may not translate through?
Tom Hassfurther: I think you’ve got some is going to get made up but some is going to be lost. I mean you know when you just have people in their houses with these conditions and I have been able to get out shop and do some of the normal things that they do, you’re going to lose some of that but it's again it's I think we will return to trends that the economy trends that you know we forecast primarily for the year and by the end of the year we will be pretty close to those numbers.
Rick West : Just to add to that on the cost side, Mark mentioned earlier that natural gas prices have not dropped dramatically even with warmer weather and part of the reason for that inventories are very low. So another affect that we might see is that we expect natural gas prices to eventually drop but it may take more time than we think because inventories are so low right now and that’s going to affect results at least in the second quarter a little bit.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo:  One last topic I wanted to mention, any additional requirements that you’ve or investments you will need to make to comply with Boiler MACT.
Mark Kowlzan: Nothing identified at this point. So we’re actually well on our way to engaging work that’s had been identified two years ago, so again no new capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays:  Just a couple of quick follow-ups here, just on the ramp up of DeRidder what sort of timeframe are we talking about to get from starting machine to fully rated capacity? I mean is it 3 months, 6 months and is the period shorter simply because you’re not having to qualify these tons with outside customers.
Mark Kowlzan: We’re anticipating 3, 6 months to bring the machine upto full productivity and on the question of qualifying, you know we will certainly even with our own plants make sure that we are using in terms to qualify producing what they expect out of us. So, 3 to 6 months is a good timeline.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Okay and then just looking at your shipments versus the industry, I think you said you were up 1.8% in the quarter and we are up close to 6% last year. I just wondered if there was anything that you’ve seen as far as competitive response in the industry, you did mention that you had a box plant acquisition but I just didn’t know if there was any competitive response that you’ve seen is around other players going after the same business that you’re going after now. Anything you could point out?
Paul Stecko:  I don’t think there is any changes, I mean we basically have been up pacing the industry by us, a given amount for the last 10 years and I don’t think there is always pockets where there is competition, there has always business moves and gains but as we have said many times our biggest source of demand comes from existing customers, giving more of their business either is if they grow or again it's the things we provide in terms of service and technical features and quality instead of maybe splitting an account 50-50. Overtime we will get more and more that customers’ business because we do a very good job. So that still remains the biggest source of growth, growing with existing customers.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays: Okay and then just last question maybe for Rick, it looks like you changed your inventory accounting here on the start of 2014. Was there any meaningful impact old versus new on the first quarter meaning if you would use the old accounting methodology would these numbers have been higher or lower in the first quarter?
Rick West: No there would be no meaningful impact to the bottom-line earnings for the change to eliminate (indiscernible).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: I guess question to Judy, is it possible for you to just give us the average maybe sequential change in price realization in the paper business sequentially in dollars per ton?
Judy Lassa: I think I gave, I talked to you about kind of what we realized and can’t bring it down any further than that.
Al Kabili - Macquarie:  And then I guess to follow-up I guess maybe a broader question either for Mark or for Paul and as you’re growing faster than the industry and continue to do so, what’s your bigger size now with Boise? Do you’ve to start to think about more of the impact on the broader industry and what impact that has as your growing factor or as you’re growing or are you still or you’re far away from that in terms of relative size to that meaningfully impacting your thinking and strategy there.
Paul Stecko: The only people we worry about impacting is our customers. We are here to serve our customers, we will grow whatever we have to grow to service them and they are really the only ones that matter in our way of thinking.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Rick thanks for the detail on the maintenance schedule, is that now a more normalized with Boise is that a more normalized way to be thinking about it on an annual basis or is there more less maintenance this year than would be typical going forward with Boise?
Rick West: I think it's a pretty typical amount for maintenance, but it could change depending upon when you schedule your outages throughout the year. So I can’t say that it will be the same impact for quarter and I think that’s something that we will have to provide each year as we schedule our outages but in totality for the year it's a pretty representative number. 
Al Kabili - Macquarie: And then finally and that you’ve highlighted some of the costs, you didn’t mention too much on the wood side and I was wondering if you’re seeing any seasonal relief right now on your wood cost, or how you’re thinking about that into the second quarter so far?
Rick West: You know just think about what happened in the South-East, starting at the end of September last year the entire South-East range that are right through the winter into the spring. We haven't seen much relief there but through the mid-South and the towards Louisiana, Texas area that’s normalized. So it's gotten better, it's not compared to what was going this winter, it's not as bad. So, pricing has seen some relief.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: And then final question is just on your leverage is pretty healthy shape as far as the balance sheet goes, how should we be thinking about, how you’re thinking about prioritizing cash flow going forward between additional deleveraging versus buybacks versus the dividend, how should we be thinking going forward on that?
Paul Stecko: Our answer has -- its same as last quarter, our number one priority for cash is to pay down $1 billion of debt in the next three years, we think that is important value creator for our shareholders. If there is excess cash above that we would probably book a dividend increase before share buyback at this point.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). You do have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Security.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just want to come back to an earlier question Paul and I think you’re saying earlier that ultimately expect most of your growth as you’ve said in the past to be with your existing customers. So would it be fair to say then that if it's with your existing customers holding price constant obviously because we can’t talk about future pricing that you would expect your margin and your return to be basically be inline or better overtime with historical trends as you grow in the future, that’s question number one. Question number two, Hexacomb, you used to own when as part of Tenneco you had experience with it, what experience have you had in utilizing in your mix right now and with your customers, any observations with that so far and then lastly can you remind us what’s the Boiler MACT CapEx outlay over the next several years. Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Paul Stecko: On the Boiler MACT I believe we had said it was around 25 million. And with regard Hexacomb, we did own Hexacomb, PCA did through ’99 when we separated from Tenneco. We were sold to private equity firm Madison Dearborn. Hexacomb remained Tenneco’s further protective packaging business, it's subsequently got sold, it subsequently got resold to Boise and when we acquired Boise we got it back. It's got a very nice natural synergy with us and that we have 80 box plants so we were potential sales people for that product and so it gives us a lot more possibilities than Boise would have in growing the business and secondly it's a grade that uses very lightweight paper, 30 pounds or less and with the DeRidder 3 conversion we have got a really great place to make paper for Hexacomb it will run very well. So that’s another synergy. So Hexacomb is probably a better fit for us than anybody else in the country and so we’re glad to have it, the question is on, where we’re going with margins that’s been pricing and that’s between up in our customers and that’s not something that we wanted to get into on this call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: Just one quick follow-up, I appreciate that you don’t want to talk about what your plans or how you may grow above or beyond or different things within the industry but as you look at fundamentals and components today what do you anticipate out of the containerboard shipments for the balance of the year, not necessarily box shipments but containerboard shipments. Do you think that fundamentals and such today support getting back to a 0.4 or so give or take 0.1 or 0.2 of containerboard shipment growth or do you think that we’re kind of still stuck in this flattish environment for the next 6 months, 12 months, 18 months.
Tom Hassfurther: I would just say that we hope to get back to a level of growth and GDP growth that is healthier than where we have been. We certainly can’t predict that that’s going to be the case. I don’t think any economist is out there predicting any dooms doom or going backwards necessarily. I think that there is a most predictions kind of show a ramp up through the year. We would like to think the same thing is going occur. I’m sure customers feel the same way. But I would like to also add regarding this whole regarding this whole growth strategy. Our growth strategy is not changed by a stretched imagination. We talked about strategic capital being directed towards areas where we have either capacity constraints or proven demand from a customer base. We will continue to acquire when the opportunities present themselves and as Paul went into great detail about the value proposition that we have and we provide our existing customers. So we will continue to grow on that platform.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: And then last question I had was when you look at how you did this quarter, you again outpaced the markets a bit. Was that pretty uniform across the whole network of box plants? Was that more weighted towards what you’ve done historically with some of the legacy Packaging Corp plants or how did the -- was there much differential with how that’s on the home [ph].
Tom Hassfurther: Well you will always find some differential regionally depending on demand trends and that sort of stuff by region but for the most part I mean I just consider it to be for the end of quarter.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan I see that there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you in July with the second quarter numbers. Have a good day.
Operator: Again thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark Kowlzan – Chief Executive Officer Paul Stecko – Chairman  Tom Hassfurther – Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products  Rick West – Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer   Judy Lassa – Senior Vice President, Paper  
Analysts: Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup  George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research  Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole Securities Philip Ng – Jefferies  Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Al Kabili – Macquarie  Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo  Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson John Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research   
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Q4 and Full-Year 2013 Earnings Results Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon the conclusion of his narrative there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan and please proceed when you’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning. I’m Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, our Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Packaging business; Judy Lassa who runs our White papers business; and Rick West, our CFO. Thanks for participating in this morning’s call and after the presentation we’ll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday we reported Q4 record net income of $227 million or $2.33 per share. Earnings included special items of $1.07 per share of income from the reversal of tax reserves for both PCA and Boise related to alternative energy tax credits and after-tax costs totaling $0.41 per share relating primarily to PCA’s acquisition of Boise, Inc. on October 25, 2013. Excluding special items, net income was $101 million or $1.04 per share compared to Q4 2012 net income excluding special items of $59 million or $0.61 per share. Net sales were a record $1.3 billion compared to $737 million last year.  The $0.43 per share increase in earnings was driven by improvements in PCA’s earnings of $0.23 per share compared to last year’s Q4 and a partial quarter result from the acquisition of Boise of $0.20 per share. The PCA earnings increase of $0.23 per share resulted from an improved pricing mix of $0.36 and volume, $0.04, which was partially offset by cost increases in repairs of $0.03; fiber, $0.03; labor, $0.03; energy, $0.02; depreciation, $0.02; chemicals, $0.01; and other items, $0.03. I should also point out that the $0.20 per share contributed by Boise includes a $0.06 per share deduction for all interest expense incurred during the quarter from the additional debt that resulted from acquiring Boise. Whole year earnings excluding special items were $320 million or $3.28 per share compared to 2012 earnings excluding special items of $201 million or $2.06 per share. Net sales were a record $3.7 billion compared to $2.8 billion in 2012. Full year earnings including special items were $436 million or $4.47 per share compared to 2012 earnings of $164 million or $1.68 per share. Detailed special items for both Q4 and the full year were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. We finished 2013 with another outstanding quarter, setting all-time records for sales, earnings and shipments. Our demand was steady throughout the quarter for both packaging and white papers and December volume was particularly strong.  We are pleased with Boise’s results which included only two months and five days of operations. Boise’s earnings per share results benefited from early synergy realizations and also by the successful integration of PCA and Boise, which we’ll talk about in more detail later in the presentation. For the year our earnings were up 60% over 2012’s record earnings and strong cash flow has allowed us to pay down $150 million in debt since we acquired Boise on October 25. Looking at more details in our packaging business, PCA Corrugated Products shipments were up 4.4% in total and per work day over last year’s Q4. Shipments were strong throughout the quarter, up each month on a per workday basis, and again, it’s a very tough comp with PCA’s Q4 2012 shipments up almost 6% over 2011. Including Boise’s shipments from October 25th through year-end, total PCA shipments were up 24%. For the year, PCA’s total shipments were up 5.7% and up 6.1% per workday compared to 2012, all of which came from organic growth. Including Boise’s partial Q4 shipments, total 2013 shipments were up 10.7% and per workday up 11.1%. Both domestic containerboard and [export] sales demand remained strong in Q4 except for South America where the impact of cold weather on produce crops has lowered demand. Our containerboard mills produced 803,000 tons in Q4 including 141,000 tons of production by the former Boise mills. We completed an annual outage at our Filer City, Michigan, medium mill in October which resulted in production losses of about 6,700 tons.  For the year, total containerboard production was 2,749,000 tons. PCA’s total containerboard inventories at year-end, which for comparison purposes includes PCA and Boise tons at year-end 2013 and year-end 2012, were down 1,000 tons. The ending inventory is a little lower than we had targeted considering there were two less mill production days in Q1 compared to Q4 and our Counce, Tennessee, linerboard mill will be down for a week in March for its annual outage. Pricing for domestic containerboard and boxes remained very steady during the quarter, but we did see some limited price reductions in export containerboard particularly in Latin America with the weather-related demand issues. Looking at white papers, our volume was up about 1% compared to last year’s Q4 driven by growth in office papers which more than offset declines in printing and converting and pressure sensitive papers. The grades that declined in volume were significantly impacted by the permanent closures of two machines and lost machine [color] at the International Falls mill in October. The closures reduced capacity by about 115,000 tons annually. These closures, however, brought the mill into pulp balance and eliminated the need for purchased pulp, which should improve profitability in 2014. White papers’ income was disproportionately affected in the partial quarter of PCA’s ownership by the annual shutdown of the Jackson, Alabama, mill which occurred in November. This shutdown reduced production by about 10,000 tons and increased operating costs. We ended the year with our white papers’ inventory down about 14,000 tons compared to last year and 11,000 tons below Q3. In Q4 we notified customers and began implementing price increases of $60 per ton for office papers and printing and converting grades. In February we notified customers of an additional price increase of $70 for printing and converting grades, $50 for branded business papers, and $70 for private label. The price increases are effective March 3, 2014. Finally, we continue to make improvements in day-to-day mill operations and are finding additional opportunities for synergies in the process. I’m now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will provide more financial details.
Rick West: Thank you, Mark. In Q4 cash generated from operations was $188 million and for the year was [$608 million]. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $104 million and for the year were $234 million. Common stock dividends of $39 million were paid or $0.40 per share, and for the year, dividends of $109 million were paid. We did not repurchase any shares of PCA common stock during Q4 and for the year share repurchases totaled $8 million. [Cash tax] segments were $45 million in Q4 and for the year were $91 million.  We ended the year with $191 million in cash. We paid off $109 million of debt in December and an additional $41 million in January, making our total debt reduction since the acquisition $150 million. With the debt pay down our long-term debt is now at $2.509 billion. I am happy to report that the IRS audit of PCA’s 2008 and 2009 tax returns were completed during Q4 and all claimed alternative energy tax credits were allowed. As a result, we were able to reverse the tax reserve recorded for the Filer City biofuel tax credit of $104 million which we have fully used to offset past taxes owed. In addition, as a result of an IRS Chief Counsel Memorandum published in Q4 we were also able to release a Boise tax reserve of $62 million related to the taxability of the alternative fuel mixture credits.  As we normally do at the beginning of each year, PCA provides estimates for certain 2014 items. We expect total capital expenditures to be between $380 million to $400 million including normal capital, required capital for synergies, [Foiler Mac] and the DeRidder Conversion project. DD&A is expected to be about $340 million. Pension expense and funding is expected to be about $25 million and $5 million respectively. The combined federal and state effective tax rate is expected to be about 36.5% with a cash tax rate at about 31.0%. Based on our current long-term debt with no additional debt pay downs and current LIBOR rates our interest expense in 2014 is expected to be about $87 million, and cash interest payments are expected to be about $80 million. That’s about $10 million [along with] combined interest expense for Boise and PCA prior to the acquisition. I’ll now turn it over to Paul Stecko who will comment on synergies in our Boise integration efforts.
Paul Stecko: Thank you, Rick. This integration has obviously been our number one priority for the last four months. Our plan was to have our top three executives lead the specific aspects of the integration in what I term a very hands-on day-to-day fashion. Mark Kowlzan led the mill integration; Tom Hassfurther led the integration of all packaging operations, and Rick West led the integration of financial shared services and IT operations.  We also had very strong support from Boise personnel in this endeavor, particularly Judy Lassa who is now Senior Vice President of White Papers, Virginia Aulin who’s now Vice President of Human Resources for PCA, and Bernadette Madarieta who’s now our VP and Controller. This team’s off to a great start and I want to emphasize that a tremendous amount of work has been accomplished. When we announced the agreement to acquire Boise on September 16, we estimated synergies of $105 million which would be achieved over three years, or about $35 million per year. Our synergy estimate is now $175 million and we think we can get to a run rate of $75 million to $80 million by the end of the first year. Actions taken immediately after the acquisition on October 25th and essentially completed by the end of the year were the elimination of about $25 million in overhead costs primarily from reduced headcount and lower corporate governance costs.  Although not counted in our synergy estimates with the acquisition of Boise we also inherited tax-loss carry forwards of $135 million which we can utilize. These loss carry forwards are front-end loaded and already reduced our 2013 tax payments by $9 million and will reduce 2014 tax payments by $38 million. The remaining tax loss carry forwards will reduce payments by about $6 million per year from 2015 through 2028. Finally, a few comments on the DeRidder paper machine conversion project. After the closing of the acquisition on October 25th we announced that we were putting the project on hold until we could perform a complete technical review. This was expected to delay the startup of the project from mid-2014 till Q4 2014. This is still the case. In addition to ensuring technical accuracy we also wanted to fully utilize our expertise and make any changes to the project that could further improve its returns. That process is continuing and we have found ways to improve the returns. We expect to be in a position to provide an update on the cost of the project and the expected returns sometime in March. With that I’ll turn it back to Mark for the Q1 outlook.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Paul. Earnings improvement is expected from a full quarter’s operation of Boise including synergies and lower amortization of annual mill outage costs. White papers’ prices are expected to improve in Q1 as a result of our announced price increases. Our largest containerboard mill in Counce, Tennessee, will be down in March for its annual maintenance outage which will reduce production and increase operating costs. We normally have increased costs from colder weather of about $0.06 per share compared to Q4 for such things as wood, energy, and transportation. So far this year however the extreme cold temperatures and significant snowfalls across the country have impacted all of our mills with higher-than-normal cost increases for these items. Costs at our conversion plants are also being impacted and we’ve had some plant closures. It’s very tough to predict how these extreme weather patterns will impact PCA for the entire quarter but it’s probably cost us $0.03 per share already with about a month and a half left to go in the quarter. Labor costs are expected to be higher with beginning of the year wage increases for both salary and hourly employees and certain benefit costs will be higher, primarily FICA during Q1. We also expect a higher tax rate. Considering all these items we currently expect Q1 earnings to be from about $1.00 to $1.05 per share excluding special items.  With that we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the (inaudible) in the economy and those identified as “risk factors” in our annual report on file on Form 10(k) with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, Operator, I’d like to open the call for questions. First question, please. 
Operator: (Operator instructions.) Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. 
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Yes, good morning. My questions, the first one is on the synergy target which you just raised and is impressive to see certainly. Can you give us an idea of where you found the increments of what you thought at the beginning, and were some of those increments maybe in ways the white papers business is run as part of PKG?
Mark Kowlzan: As a matter of fact the biggest area was in the white papers. We didn’t have much in it initially and as we started to operate the business we discovered a lot of opportunities. And on the brown side we have the big things such as [braid] optimization and transportation opportunities along with sales mix, but as we got into the actual operations of the mills and the box plants again a lot of smaller items made themselves available to us.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, and then just one quick follow-up. You all mentioned that the Jackson outage impacted white papers in Q4, and of course the $15 million in the paper segment was certainly more than we were looking for to begin with, not even being aware of that or building that in consciously. How much of an impact was that and should we sort of add back that number and then make our own judgment on pricing as we look at 2014 per quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, I’m going to let Judy comment on that.
Judy Lassa: Yeah, that’s about a $4.5 million impact here on EBITDA in Q4.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Okay. But I would imagine you would have other outages you take in your system so I mean is that sort of a normal per quarter amount or was that an outsized amount? 
Judy Lassa: No, it was pretty close to a normal amount with a little bit longer run than our other outages.
Paul Stecko: Hey Chip, this is Paul. I think the point that we were trying to make is we only had the business for two months and so we had an annual shutdown in the two-month period, and usually Boise would have a shutdown once every three months. This was once every two months so it was disproportionate because of the stub period only that we owned it. They did not have a full quarter to absorb that hit – it was over a much shorter period.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Gotcha, very clear. And the last quick one, can you talk a little bit about your box demand experience so far this year, maybe in January?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, if you look at January, this is both combined PCA and Boise, we were up 2.5%. And again, considering where we were from the tough comps a year ago we were looking at a combined Boise/PCA 11% last year in January over the prior year. So our 2.5% performance in January, we felt good and again it was up against a tremendous prior year number.
Paul Stecko: And the weather hurt us a little bit on demand. That’s hard to quantify and hopefully we’ll make that up over the rest of the quarter if this weather ever improves.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup : On the corrugated side, when I back out the volume growth from legacy PCA it seems like Boise’s box shipments may have declined year-over-year. Am I reading that right and can you just talk a little bit about the volume performance of the Boise business?
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Anthony, this is Tom. All I can tell you is we really only have the information for the sub period which was very flattish over the previous year, so that’s really all I can comment on in terms of the comparison.
Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup : Okay. 
Tom Hassfurther: We would comment in January where we did have a full month of each box that Boise was up about the same amount that we were in January of this year. So that’s our best current comparison.
Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup : Okay, that’s helpful. And then regarding the weather you referenced impacts to box plants. I’m wondering with Valdosta has there been any impact to mill production from the very severe weather in the south? 
Mark Kowlzan: We’ve been fortunate that we haven’t had any direct impact on the productivity per se but we’ve obviously had the impact on raw material goods transportation issues along with finished goods transportation issues because of the icy roads and the rail problems. And nationwide, if you go all the way from the I Falls, the Canadian border down to the Gulf coast we’ve seen massive railroad problems with the extreme cold, snow and ice. So in that regard the mills have been productive but again the cost impacts are there.
Paul Stecko: I would add to that just what Mark said – we’ve been a little bit lucky, too. One of the problems is the rails in this long, cold weather, they are having maintenance problems and the rail system has slowed noticeably. And in January we had at several of our mills less than a day’s worth of chemicals, and if we did not get a rail ship in time we would have had to shut those mills down. And we were fortunate, we did get some just in time, switching the rail cars and we were able to keep our mills running. And knock on wood, we’ve got another month and a half to go to get through this but transportation is as big an issue in and out of mills as your other costs.
Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup : Okay, that’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, hi everyone, good morning. Congratulations on the year. Two quick questions actually on papers: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the size of the synergy increment, the question being previous to Boise you didn’t have a white papers business. Now you do and so it’s interesting that you had so much incremental synergy gain in a business where there was no direct overlap with your existing business. I was hoping you could provide a bit more color on that, and then more broadly having owned the business now for a few months and it seems to be performing well certainly relative to your expectations could you advise the community here how you see the papers business fitting in ultimately to your strategy, guys? Thank you.
Paul Stecko: Yeah, let me take that one, George. With regard to the synergies, we do have a lot of synergies – and the synergies is in operating expertise. We weren’t in the white paper business but we operate mills, and there are a lot of practices, preventative maintenance being one of them that we think we’re pretty good at and we’ve applied those principles in the white paper business. Now that said we actually did a poor job upfront estimating the white paper synergies because we’re primarily a packaging company and we focused on those synergies. But again, as we got into the white paper business a lot of synergies came out of it, and I would say that about half the increment – and that’s just an estimate at this point – came from additions to white papers; the other half came from things we found in the brown. With regard to your second question, what we think about the white paper business, I’ll say again we’re primarily a packaging company. But when it comes to white papers we see some excellent opportunities to create shareholder value, and that’s what we’re here to do – create shareholder value. And the first way we can do it is by obviously improving operations in white papers and we’ve already stated to do that; and then we got a little bit of help in that market conditions as you know have improved significantly since we made this acquisition for white papers. And third, we feel we have the ability to build on a very, very strong competency that this business has and that is excellence in logistics and customer service. So overall I would tell you that compared to the time of the acquisition we’re very encouraged and we feel we have a real opportunity to create significant shareholder value in this part of the business. Although it’s not nearly as big as packaging it’s going to add a lot of value to the enterprise.
George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Paul, I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning. On the white papers business, the second largest player seems to be walking away from some business. As you think about your volumes for white papers in 2014 do you expect to benefit from any incremental business going your way that the competitor’s walking away from?
Mark Kowlzan: Judy?
Judy Lassa: I don’t have a comment on that.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And on the packaging side can you let us know what the mix between domestic and export is including Boise and where the integration level is as well for the box plants including the Boise assets right now?
Paul Stecko: Let me handle part of that and we’ll let Tom take some of that. Regarding the integration level we’re currently looking at about 90% integrated. If you think about what we said over the last four years we expected to be at 90% plus by the end of 2014. We are there so everything we’ve been talking about regarding the importance of DeRidder and the ability to supply tons is still very true. Regarding the export and the balance of domestic and export, I’ll let Tom get into that.
Tom Hassfurther: Alex, I’d just say that on the balance between domestic and export with the combined company, it’s still virtually the same. We’ve reduced our export footprint as we talked about in previous quarterly calls during the year and Boise has pretty much maintained theirs. But going forward we’ll still be very much what I call a small, specialty strategic player in the exports market.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: And then just one last quick one from me: the increased synergy target, I think looking at the D&A number today it’s a little bit lower than what I think you’ve previously talked about. Is any of these increased synergies due to lower D&A or is it all higher cash synergies that you’re seeing?
Rick West: No, the synergies did not have any impact on DD&A. In fact, the synergies to DD&A came in about what we expected. And one thing I’ll point out, when you look at the step up in value of the fixed assets and the overall assets it’s probably not as great as you would expect because the Boise assets were revalued in 2008. So in total I would say that the total step up in DD&A only impacted depreciation expense year-over-year from 2013 is if we’d acquired Boise on January 1st through the entire year to 2014. DD&A only went up about 15 with DD&A going down in the paper business some and up in the packaging business.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Great help everyone, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research : Thank you. Two questions: one on the segmentation, are you including basically the same things in the paper segment that Boise had or have you made some adjustments? 
Rick West: The only adjustment we’ve made in the reporting of the paper segment, we now report the W2 machine at Wallula which makes corrugating media within the packaging segment whereas Boise kept the media machine in the paper segment and we felt that was a better representation of both businesses to move it into the packaging. 
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research : Okay, thank you. And then second, so Boise was roughly $0.20 accretive in the just over two months that you had it. Is it fair to think of the acquisition that if you’d had it for the whole time it would have been closer to $0.30? And if you times that by four it would have been close to $1.20? And then hopefully you’ve even got good things going on with price and some other things and [encoded] for instance so that again, we’ll see how things play out but potentially you can get even more accretion – throw synergies on top of that as well – which assuming that there’s some validity to that process of thinking how do you think about the dividend which really was established before you had Boise and now we’ve got all this additional earnings and cash flow? Is it appropriate to think about sooner rather than later repositioning some of that cash flow into raising the dividend again?
Paul Stecko: Mark, this is Paul. I would say as a general answer it’s yes to about everything you said. But let me clarify that now with regard to the dividend. What we said initially, our number one objective with regard to proceeding was to pay down debt. And our goal was, and we said it at the time of the acquisition, was to pay down $1 billion worth of debt over say the next three years. And that was based on what we thought we could do.  Now admittedly we underestimated the synergies and we’ve also got this tax benefit on a tax loss carry forward. So I think there’s a possibility that we can be in the position to do both because the one negative of your stock price going up, and there’s only one, is that the yield on your dividend goes down. And so we may be in the position to be able to meet both goals and then both goals would be to pay down that $1 billion in debt and with the excess cash do something to continue to improve the yield on our dividend as we go forward. And so I think there’s more of a possibility of doing what you said than less of a possibility.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research : Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Credit Agricole Securities.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole Securities: Thanks. Mark, as we think about the synergy optimization it sounds like you’re already talking about re-optimizing the mills in the existing expanded synergy targets. Should we think about this as a two-step process then where you’re going to re-optimize the mills and then you’re going to figure out what D2 is going to make and then probably re-optimize again after that? And the second question, do you expect your overall fiber mix to change very much? I mean some of the past repositioning of mills that Boise has done have made some pretty major changes in fiber over time. I’m just wondering if that’s a piece of your strategy here?
Mark Kowlzan: Regarding the first part of your question on optimization, the way we’ve been approaching Boise is just what we’ve done at PCA over the years. We’ve got a very strong technical organization that is dispatched to the mills on a weekly basis, and so we basically just incorporated the Boise mills into that routine. So we have multiple activities taking place at all of the mills and so there’s a parallel path forward on how we’re optimizing, and that’s also including the DeRidder piece of the equation. So everything’s happening in a parallel fashion so we’re not doing anything in a linear fashion by any means. And then regarding fiber I don’t expect to see anything change in that regard.
Paul Stecko: And I would add again, back on your first question, we don’t view this as a two-step process. We have a big picture that says “These are the capabilities we have, these’ll be the capabilities after the DeRidder conversion is online; this is our supply, this is the demand.” As Mark said earlier, our integration level got to our goal of 90% and that’s the main driver for doing the DeRidder conversion. We need a bigger runway for the next five years. We are growing; we need tons from somewhere and the DeRidder conversion is where we’ll get them or our integration level will get too high and we don’t want that to happen because it impedes your ability to serve customers. But no, we know what we’re going to do. We know what we’re going to make. We’re just figuring out again on a project what’s the optimum way to do that, to construct that to make sure we get the highest return. But it’s a one-step plan, albeit that the last step in the process is the conversion project.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole Securities: Alright, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies and Company.
Philip Ng – Jefferies : Good morning, guys. From what I understand you guys are probably the only national containerboard producer on the West Coast. Has that opened the door for you guys to leverage your existing relationships to win some new business from the independents?
Mark Kowlzan: When you say we’re the only national producer on the West Coast, that’s not-
Philip Ng – Jefferies : Yeah, that has a footprint out there on the West Coast.
Mark Kowlzan: We don’t have a [milk] footprint on the West Coast.
Tom Hassfurther: Obviously the media machine at Wallula and the DeRidder machine puts us much closer to the West Coast from a transportation point of view, so we get help there and that’s our transportation synergy.
Paul Stecko: But all the big players have box plant capacity on the West Coast.
Philip Ng – Jefferies : Okay, that’s helpful.
Paul Stecko: We didn’t have capacity in the Pacific Northwest so we joined… We can now say we are on the West Coast. Others could have said that before us.
Philip Ng – Jefferies : Okay. That’s helpful. And then based on some of the moves you guys are making in terms of pushing out D2 and some of the synergies you’re looking to unlock can you provide some clarity on how we should be thinking about CAPEX for 2015 and 2016?
Rick West: Not at this point.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, we stated earlier that our target for the year is around $400 million and so that’s what our plan is calling for for this year. We haven’t really taken a look out into ’15-‘16.
Philip Ng – Jefferies : Okay, and then one last housekeeping question. Can you give us some color on the tons you guys are looking to take in terms of a maintenance standpoint for the full year? I know there’s some comparison differences – last time you guys took a lot more in Q2 than in Q1, so I just wanted some more color on that front.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, we generally don’t comment on forward quarters regarding tons, but just obviously we have Counce down for its annual this quarter and then at least to help you understand Q2 without getting into tons we’ll have the I Falls and the Wallula mills down primarily and Tomahawk for Q2. But I don’t want to get into going forward tons impacts. We’ll do that quarter-by-quarter when we talk about the quarter.
Philip Ng – Jefferies : But Q1 should be a heavier quarter, is that correct?
Mark Kowlzan: No. Counce is down for its annual at the end of the March period so it’s just one week.
Paul Stecko: Historically Q1 was our heaviest downtime quarter. That will not be the case this year because one, we have more mills; and two, because of equipment deliveries for example even Counce is pushed out until the end of Q1. So it will not be our normal pattern; it’ll be more uniform this year than skewed towards Q1.
Philip Ng – Jefferies : Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Yeah, good morning. I wonder if it’s possible within that CAPEX number of about $400 million for this year, is it possible to get a sense of how much of that is the D2 project?
Mark Kowlzan: No, we don’t want to get into that right now. Again, as Paul mentioned we’ll be discussing probably that during the month of March more in detail.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay, away from that, Mark, is it possible to get a sense of sort of what the CAPEX looks like at the other Boise mills and what that looks like relative to depreciation at the Boise mills?
Mark Kowlzan: No, we’re not prepared to do that on this call, Mark. It’s primarily an earnings review and we’re not, we don’t really want to get into that today.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay, the one other question I had then going back to kind of Mark Weintraub’s question about debt reduction and potentially a higher dividend, is it fair to say that the targets that you set initially with that three-year debt reduction goal of $1 billion, that that wouldn’t have assumed all the news we’ve had on pricing on [uncored free sheet] over the last three months?
Mark Kowlzan: That would be fair to assume.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Alright, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Al Kabili – Macquarie : Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on some of the CAPEX questions. I believe you mentioned when you provided the initial synergy outlook of $75 million to $100 million to achieve the $105 million or so of synergies, with the increase in the synergies that you now expect can you just update us on what you think the synergy-related CAPEX will be in total?
Paul Stecko: I think we may have misstated; I’m not sure exactly what we said. We said that the cost of getting the synergies would be from $80 million to $100 million, so you got the $80 million to $100 million part right. But those costs were not all capital. They also included such things as severance costs for the headcount reduction. So that number’s an all-in. Some of it’s capital; some of it’s not – it’s a one-time expense. As we sit now that number is below $80 million as we’ve had a chance to refine it, so probably in the $70 million to $80 million range is our best guess today, down from $80 million to $100 million.
Al Kabili – Macquarie : Okay, very good. And that’s with the increased synergies as well I take it.
Paul Stecko: Yes, it’s with the increased synergies as well.
Al Kabili – Macquarie : Okay, terrific. Then on a related topic on the synergies, can you help us with how much, and maybe I missed this but how much synergies you realized in Q4 and what the run rate today is on the synergies?
Rick West: I would say that we said, I’m not going to get into the specific EPS amount, Al, but if you look at it what we said on the call was immediately after October 25th and through the end of the year we had got about $25 million in corporate overhead costs. So I’ll let you do the math on that because it’s kind of difficult if you’re coming in through to the corporate, and that’s an annual number – taking out $25 million in annual costs of corporate overhead. And then Paul mentioned that we would be at an annual rate of about $75 million to $80 million by the end of the year, so that’s about as much granularity as we’re able to give at this point.
Al Kabili – Macquarie : Okay, alright, that’s helpful. And then to the degree you can comment on just the order book – I believe you mentioned volumes were up 2.5% combined Boise and PCA. As you sort of look at the order book to the degree it gives you some visibility there, how is that looking versus last year? Are you seeing a notable uptick there because we’ve heard from some others that they have seen that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again as I mentioned you know, we talked about the January number up above 2.5% combined PCA and Boise. That was up in terms of a very tough comparable of 11% in the prior year. So again, our 2.5% we feel is a good number considering the big comp from the prior period ten months before.
Paul Stecko: Let me say it another way – we’ve had some quarters last year where we were up 6%, but last January was an anomaly when you’re up 11%. And so beating an 11% up by a lot is hard to do so yes, the 2.5% we were pretty pleased with compared with what we were comparing it against. So if you wanted to call it an uptick I guess you can – I don’t know if I’d want to go that far. And then as I said earlier things were exasperated by weather. We had box plants down from several storms and that’s hurt our volume a little bit, but you’re going to recover some of that and we’ll probably recover that if the weather changes in February. So it’s kind of a hard question to answer.
Al Kabili – Macquarie : Okay, I appreciate that. And final question I guess, Rick, just housekeeping – the corporate line item on the segment reporting, is there any flavor you can give us how we should be thinking about what that amount is for the year?
Rick West: I don’t want to predict for the year because we’re continuing to go through the corporate line, and as you get synergies it may change. But I would say that in the past we have kept all corporate overhead as one item when we were one segment; whereas with our reporting in Q4 we are allocating a portion of the corporate overhead to both the paper and the packaging segments, and only retaining the part that’s not allocated which would be more true corporate functions in corporate. So I think it’s a little too soon to do that. We can probably give you a better idea after the end of Q1.
Al Kabili – Macquarie : Okay, thanks and good luck the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question will come from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Good morning gentlemen, and just a couple follow-up questions for you. First could you maybe help us a little bit with the timing or the phasing as you anticipate the two price increases coming through? How much have you realized thus far, how does that kind of fade through over the balance of the year? Does it typically take a quarter or two for the UFS pricing to phase in?
Judy Lassa: This is Judy, I’ll take that one. So the price increase that we announced back in last quarter, depending on product or grade mix our price realization to date is about $40 to $50 a ton excluding the volume that’s tied to indices. And as we’ve commented in the opening remarks we do have another price increase announced out there but we won’t talk about how that’s going to come in.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Okay.
Paul Stecko: And I think Mark and I and Rick, we’re new again to the white papers business having not been in that segment for about twenty years. But if you look at some of the indices they have tended to but in a little bit of the increase each month. It’s almost like a box price increase as opposed to a containerboard increase that usually goes in on one date. And so that will probably be the case this year but we’ll see.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Okay, so it sounds like you’ve got maybe two thirds of it in there as of the end of the quarter, so the first price increase – but the rest will be in during this quarter maybe?
Paul Stecko: No, what Judy said is on the businesses that we have unilateral ability to raise the price we’re up the numbers that she gave you; but we have stuff also that’s tied to indices and that moves only when the index moves. So the answer to your question is you have to know how much is tied to indices and how much isn’t and that’s company proprietary information that we don’t discuss with anybody because that information would be useful to our competitors also. So we don’t talk about it.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Got it. Second question is with respect to, you talked about – and I know you discussed this a few months back as well – moving up the D2 conversion from kind of midyear towards the end of the year. You alluded to a couple elements in there where you said that you would improve returns and what you wanted out of the business. Can you maybe give us a little color as to how you intend to improve returns? Is it coming from maybe it costing less to put in? Is it coming from maybe it having more capacity from the 300,000 I think that was originally slated to come on? Or is there even an element that you figured out how to lower the cost curve of the new mill when it does come online but at the same capacity? Can you maybe help us a little bit there with what you were able to do?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, without getting into the details I can tell you that since the announced acquisition in September we’ve been heavily involved in analyzing and reviewing the entire detailed scope of the project. And again, with my task of heading up the mill integration I’ve personally been involved with all of the engineering staff on a week-to-week basis for reviewing all of this so that’s where that’s all focused.
Paul Stecko: And I would add that we will not share that information with the public until we share it with our Board of Directors. And we’ve got a Board meeting at the end of this month and we owe them a status report on what we’ve found, what we’re going to do, how we’re going to improve the return, etc. Once we do that then we’ll be free to discuss that.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Can you maybe share with us that the plan is still that it’s going to be 300,000 tons when it comes on stream or is it…
Paul Stecko: As I said earlier we’re not talking about any specific detail until we talk to the Board about the detail first, and unfortunately for you, you’re behind our Board in the pecking order. So we’re going to have to stiff you on this one. [laughter]
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Okay. Last question I had is I used to have an old number I used for kind of making the CAPEX in the $125 million range for PCA. Including appreciating now that you’re a little bigger with the Boise element in there what would you sort of estimate that sort of a maintenance CAPEX number would be?
Rick West: We’re still looking at that, Chris, and I’m not going to break out and parse out the estimated capital. You know, it’s something that takes a while. As Mark looks at the integration of the mills and what we need to do it’s just too soon. We’ve got the full number and I can’t parse that out at this point.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, but you are incorrect about the number. Our CAPEX number varied through the last decade say from $110 million to $125 million. About half of it was maintenance; the other half was a project to improve profitability and reduce costs. So you had the right number but only half of that is pure maintenance capital. The other half involves the capacity addition and things of that nature.
Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo : Okay, thank you and good luck, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Cherecover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson: Good morning, welcome to the Pacific Northwest. Just a couple quickies to kind of follow on to Mr. Weintraub’s questions. It’s appropriate that Walulla’s now in packaging. Am I correct that newsprint is still in the packaging segment as well?
Rick West: That is correct.
Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson: Okay, and along that line it appeared that Boise’s packaging margins were well below your historical margins and that made us a little nervous, but your margins in Q4 were kind of in line with your generally terrific margins. Have you already fixed the system or is that due in part to the re-segmentation?
Mark Kowlzan: We’ll let Tom Hassfurther answer that.
Tom Hassfurther: Steve, this is Tom here, I’ll comment on that. You know, we’ve already done a lot on the packaging side of the business, obviously starting with headcount which we discussed earlier. We’ve brought a lot of operation expertise to Boise which has already begun to yield some results. The geographic footprint is important to us and has allowed us to expand some customer base into the Pacific Northwest where we did not have a footprint before. But I’d just say as we talk about many acquisitions, one of the most important aspects of any acquisition – and that includes all of PCA – is the people. And you know, the people that make the difference at Boise, we’re very, very pleased with them, the progress they’re making. There’s a great opportunity in my opinion to continue to bring Boise into the PCA culture which gets them focused on much more hard-to-do value added business and getting paid appropriately for it. So I think there’s a lot of upside in those plants and we’re very, very encouraged with the improvement they’ve made already.
Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson: So if pricing and input costs were to remain constant we should see these kind of low-20% EBITDA margins approach the mid-20%s I suppose.
Rick West: I would say yes. And you have to remember when you look at Boise, even in terms of volume, we were about three times the size of Boise anyway. So acquiring the Boise packaging business was about a quarter bigger than us so you have to factor that into how you look at the margins and the average. But as Tom said we’re very happy.
Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson: Terrific. And one other quick clarification please. I think you said embedded in the $0.20 accretion from Boise there was $0.06 associated with interest. Can you just clarify was that to your benefit or it might have actually been $0.26 without that interest hit?
Rick West: You’re correct in your last statement. What we did is we had to take on debt to acquire Boise so we felt it was appropriate to take the entire interest expense on that new debt and for reporting purposes this one quarter apply that interest expense of $0.06 against the Boise earnings on a standalone basis. So therefore before interest it was $0.26 per share; after the full interest to acquire Boise it was $0.20 a share.
Paul Stecko: And the other reason we did that is we had given guidance to the street before the Boise acquisition of $0.84 for PCA. So we wanted to have a valid comparison of how did we do against the $0.84 target, and so that’s why we isolated that interest to Boise. And PCA actually came in at $0.84 on that side and Boise took the entire brunt of that interest expense, which we thought that was a fair way to do it. So without that interest expense it would have been $0.06 higher at Boise. (Inaudible) going forward as we do a more normal allocation.
Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson: And by extension if we annualize it, it could be more like $1.40 than $1.20 I suppose, the accretion.
Paul Stecko: As we said earlier we don’t really want to get into that number, and in the future quarters we will probably report only PCA earnings and will not isolate Boise as a separate. 
Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson: Okay, well you’re one company. Congratulations, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research.
John Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on all your great achievements. In terms of the DeRidder project, my question is do you believe that the capital costs can be accurately estimated? My impression is there’s a plethora of natural gas and oil-related projects in Louisiana. There was just a project of Shell that the capital overran 60% in the first four months of studies and they canceled it. My impression is it’s very hard to get contractors these days because of the oil and gas boom.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, as we’ve looked at the project we’ve also been meeting with the general contractors and I’m not concerned with that right now. We currently have contractors onsite working on part of the capital program at DeRidder regarding the OCC plant that was again a critical component to the announced plans at DeRidder, and again, we’re not having that problem that you discussed. So that’s all I’m going to say about that.
John Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: And with that we’ve basically run out of time. And so thank you for joining us today and I look forward to talking with you at the end of Q1 on the April call. Have a good day, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining the Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Your host today will be Mr. Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA; and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $84 million or $0.86 per share, which included an after-tax charge of $3 million or $0.03 per share for costs related to the announced Boise Inc. acquisition agreement, and a noncash after-tax charge of $2 million or $0.02 per share for pension plan changes related to the PCA hourly mill employees. We reported a similar charge in the second quarter which covered our hourly corrugated products plant employees. Excluding these charges, earnings were a record $89 million or $0.91 per share. This compares to third quarter 2012 net income, excluding special items of $53 million or $0.55 per share. Net sales were a record $845 million, up 17% from third quarter of 2012 net sales of $723 million. The $0.36 per share increase in earnings, excluding special items, was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix of $0.44, and higher corrugated products sales volume of $0.05. These items were partially offset by: higher costs for fiber of $0.03; labor, $0.03; incentive compensation, $0.03; energy, $0.02; transportation, $0.01; and chemicals, $0.01. Excluding special items, net income for the first 9 months of 2013 was a record $219 million or $2.25 per share compared to the net income for the first 9 months of 2012 of $142 million or $1.45 per share. Year-to-date net sales were $2.4 billion, up 14% from $2.1 billion in the first 3 quarters of 2012. In summary, we had an outstanding quarter in all aspects of operations, with record earnings driven by higher prices for containerboard and corrugated products, higher corrugated products volume and record mill production. We beat our guidance by $0.03 per share driven by better-than-expected volume and mix. Moving to the details of operations. Corrugated products shipments were up 7.8%, both in total and per workday, compared to last year's third quarter. We are particularly pleased with this performance because it was achieved completely on organic growth. That is, the year-over-year increase did not benefit from box plant acquisitions, since our last box plant was acquired in the first quarter of 2012. Corrugated products shipments were an all-time quarterly record on a shipments per-workday basis. Demand for both domestic and export containerboard remained strong through the quarter, but our ability to supply outside markets was limited. Because of higher containerboard consumption in our box plants, our outside containerboard shipments were down about 12,000 tons from last year's third quarter. The domestic sales were up 8,000 tons, while lower-priced export sales were down 20,000 tons. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories down about 4,000 tons below 2012 year-end levels. Our inventory level is rather tight considering October has 22 corrugated products shipping days compared to just 20 shipping days in September. Therefore, it's imperative that our mills continue to run well on October, which they have through the first 14 days of the month. Moving to mill production and performance. Our mills ran extremely well, producing 671,000 tons of containerboard, setting an all-time quarterly record. Our final 2013 annual mill maintenance outage is currently underway at our Filer City, Michigan corrugated medium mill, and I'm happy to report that it's progressing very well. The plan there is for a 5-day outage that will reduce production by about 7,000 tons. On the revenue side. Prices and mix were higher for both containerboard and corrugated products, improving earnings by $0.44 per share compared to last year's third quarter. This included, essentially, a full quarter's impact of the pass-through of our April $50 containerboard price increase to corrugated products. Wood cost were higher this quarter in the U.S. Southeast -- as the Southeast had more rain than the typical summer, making it tougher to get into some wood tracks that are normally accessible during summer months. The frequency of the wet weather, especially in July and August, resulted in wood cost increasing $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2012. Recycled fiber costs were also higher than last year, decreasing earnings by about $0.01 per share as industry published prices for recycled fiber, excluding delivery costs, were up about $25 per ton compared to the third quarter of last year. With regard to cost, energy costs were up $0.02 per share compared to last year's third quarter, driven by increased prices paid for purchased fuels. Natural gas prices increased about $1 per meter squared Btu, and coal prices were up about $0.60 per meter squared Btu compared to prices paid last year during the third quarter. In addition, labor cost increased $0.03 per share, and incentive compensation, which are prorated to earnings per share, were $0.03 per share higher than last year with our increased earnings. Transportation cost increased $0.01 per share due, in part, to rail rate increases and a mix of outbound mill shipment destinations. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give you an update on our financial position.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the third quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $137 million. Capital expenditures during the quarter were $50 million. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $39 million. Cash tax payments of $36 million were made, and the remaining fuel credits of $4 million were used to offset federal taxes during the quarter. We also elected to make a discretionary pension contribution of $30 million during the quarter, and at the end of September, our cash on hand was $397 million, up $27 million from the end of the second quarter. Our total long-term debt outstanding at the end of the quarter, excluding capital leases, was $782 million. And including cash on hand, our net debt was $385 million. As of September 30, 2013, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.5 million shares. As Mark mentioned earlier, during the third quarter, PCA recorded cost of $3 million, after tax, related to the announced Boise Inc. acquisition agreement. This charge included a $2 million charge for bridge financing fee, and $1 million for other acquisition-related costs. In addition, we recorded a $2 million after-tax charge which was related to a change in our hourly pension plan. We recently negotiated an agreement involving our 4 containerboard mills who will transition from a defined benefit plan to a defined contribution 401(k) plan. The pension charge is based on accounting guidance which requires us to accelerate the recognition of prior service pension costs for employees affected by this change. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Before discussing the fourth quarter, I'd like to give you a brief update on the Boise acquisition. We initiated our tender offer for all Boise shares on September 26, 2013, and this offer expires at midnight on October 24, 2013. If more than 50% of the Boise shares are tendered, the minimum tender condition is met, and we will expect to close on October 25, 2013. We have bridge financing in place and expect to complete the permanent bank and bond financing for the acquisition prior to close. For a variety of reasons, including that we must operate as separate businesses until the closing, we do not plan on taking any further questions about the acquisition until after the closing. Now moving ahead to the fourth quarter. We expect lower mill production with the planned annual outage at Filer City and increased mill operating cost. Corrugated products volume is expected to be lower, since the fourth quarter contains 2 less shipping days than the third quarter. We also expect seasonally higher fuel costs at the onset of colder weather, and higher amortization of annual outage repair cost. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings to be about $0.84 per share, excluding any impact from the Boise acquisition. This would put us at earnings per share of $3.09 for 2013, excluding special items, compared to $2.06 last year. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about how demand trended through the 3 months of the quarter, and how you're seeing it play out in October? And then also, you continue to grow faster than the industry. I'm wondering if you can give us any color in terms of what market segments or what customers maybe you're seeing the most strength with?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. As we said in July, we started out the first 8 days or so up about 10%. But we trended down slightly, as we expected, but we didn't remain flat through the August, September period. So with our roll-up being very strong, we saw good, strong, consistent numbers.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And in early October?
Mark W. Kowlzan: For the first 8 days, again, that's a small sample considering the 23-day shipping month. We're up 4.4% on a shipments basis.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And is there any segment or is there any customer base where your -- you think you're growing faster than the industry? Or can you talk generally about the kind of volume -- the volume outperformance that you've seen versus what we've seen industry-wide?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Consistently throughout the year, especially through the third quarter, we saw good activity throughout North America through our 71 plant footprint. So again, just good, consistent volume growth, year-over-year, throughout the system.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And maybe one last one. I don't know if Rick mentioned this, but could you give guidance for CapEx for the full year, x Boise? I don't know if there's an updated view from last quarter?
Richard B. West: Yes, Anthony, this is Rick. In terms of CapEx, we have a lot of CapEx spent normally in the fourth quarter. And we're still on plan for the $215 million estimate for 2013. Maybe around $205 million to $215 million, but it's going to be in that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Mark, just 2 things. I wonder if you could tell us, given how fiber stacked up the wrong way this quarter, what you're expecting relative to Q3 and Q4? And second, as you look at your inventories, it looks like you guys are running pretty successfully with lower inventories than you used to. Have you actually changed the way you're managing inventories? Because as I look at my inventory days, I see you're doing a lot better than you did a couple of years ago?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, on the first question on fiber. Again, with the wet weather we saw in the Southeast region, specifically back in Valdosta, the weather has subsided and gotten back to a normal pattern through September into October. So we're seeing things flatten out on the wood cost. Also, don't forget during the third quarter, typically, the Southern Mills system in particular, does go through their winter wood build. But we're seeing wood cost pretty flat right now throughout the Southern system. So again, we're not expecting any pressure.
Paul T. Stecko: And just to amplify on what Mark said, Mark, yes, we saw a bigger wood cost increase at Valdosta than, say, Counce, because Valdosta got hit more by the bad weather than Counce.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, we had -- there was a 28-day period during the month of July that it rained 28 of the days during the month in the Valdosta region.
Paul T. Stecko: And with regard to inventory management, I'll just comment, yes, I think we're managing it the same. We might be a little more efficient. And as they say, necessity is the mother of invention. When you're running constantly at 100% at capacity, where we've been for the last 2, 2.5 years, you've got to really stay on top of your inventory. And so yes, maybe we're running it a little better than we have, but we haven't changed our philosophy or strategy in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: The question I had is on the whole price timing of the increase, if you can comment. On my rough numbers, it looks like your average realizations are pushing $100 above where they were a year ago, which is about what the board increase was. And -- however, we know at the box level, there can be some variations. So the question is, should we expect any more of the spring increase to bleed into the fourth quarter? Or was it fully reflected in the third quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We reflected that fully in the third quarter. As we said on the second quarter call, we expected to complete that pass-through early in the quarter, and we did. And so we don't expect to see any more impact from that.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, there may be a couple of days, Chip, but it's a miniscule, a small amount.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. Okay. And then the second question is, we just got, I guess, the data for September, which seems to indicate that inventories seem to have come down a bit more than normal after the big jump in the summer. In your system, can you comment -- do you feel your inventories got -- it sounds like you don't feel they did, but did you sense, at any point, that they were above where you were comfortable? Or do you feel like they were always sort of within what your plan was?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. Again, running at 100%, we had to anticipate the third quarter. But we're about where we want it to be. Understanding where our business was, and we are up about 6,000 tons compared to the second quarter because of the Filer planned outage, and having to supply such a big October.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then, just a final question. When we look overseas, it seems like, in a very general sense -- and I know as you guys have become more integrated, you're not as active in the export markets. But it looks like you've seen some firming in places like Brazil, but you saw some sluggishness in Europe. And I didn't know if you had any late, recent color on how you see especially Europe in terms of kraft linerboard at this point?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Chip, this is Tom. I'll just comment on that real quick. I think that, for the most part, we saw the lift in pricing throughout this year. And that's held reasonably stable. A little bit of sluggishness in Europe. But I don't see anything -- again, we're a fairly small player there, but with regard to our customers, we don't see any enormous slippage or anything like that.
Paul T. Stecko: Chip, we have more concerns about people wanting tons since we pulled them back in the export than price. So most that have been -- most of the discussions -- again, our exports business isn't real large. It's been more about the availability of tons we might add as opposed to the price.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One, can we give any thoughts, Mark, on any pressure you guys might be seeing or might be anticipating from some of these pellet plants going in the south. I know that kind of southern and eastern Georgia seem to be getting more than their fair share.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, over the last 3 years, we've seen the pellet plants come online and it's put a direct pressure on the basket, and much as we expected. So much of the cost escalation that we've seen in the last few years in the southeast was the pellet plant activity, along with some of the OSB plants that are coming on. But yes, there's been an impact from the pellet plants.
Paul T. Stecko: I think the other consideration here, Mark, is -- and Mark Kowlzan is right. We've seen some pressure, but it has not resulted in large price increases for wood, obviously. Our prices remained pretty stable. But long-term, I'm more and more optimistic because a lot of these pellets, as you know, are being exported to Europe. And the only thing that makes the economics work in that deal, because you're shipping a lot of water with that fiber, is the government subsidies over there. And we've seen countries like Spain have heavy subsidies for solar energy, et cetera, determining that the economics do not do good benefits to their balance of payments, their debt, et cetera. And so I think longer-term, as the world becomes a more competitive place, people are going to start questioning whether the subsidies that government are paying to support these woodchips are really worthwhile. So long term, I think that the jury is still out on how successful pellet plants will be.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, it's a long distance to ship sort of low Btu-content fuel. The other question I had was for Tom Hassfurther, just back on the export markets briefly. Tom, just to confirm something that I think is the case. In the export markets, you guys skew more to Latin America and more to the heavyweight board, is that correct?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: That's correct.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you give us any kind of just general guideline about what percent of your exports might be Latin America over time?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I'm not going to get into those kinds of specifics, Mark. But I'll just say that when you get to that market, echoing what Paul said earlier, our big concern is finding the tons to be able to supply the customers that we have down there and the demand that we have down there. So that market remains quite good for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question. With the demand trends you're seeing so far this month, any impact that you've noticed from the government shutdown?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, I mean, it's hard to qualify that and quantify that. Again, with the 23-day month, and with the business up 4.4% for the first 8 days, we're pretty pleased with that. But we don't have any direct evidence of any impact to us, per se.
Paul T. Stecko: And just to amplify on that point, when you have a 23-day month, your best number -- and you want to compare it year-over-year, we had an extra day this October. Right? 1 extra day. And so that's going to add 5% to the number. And so you would expect a little lower per day shipment balanced by having 1 more day. No, I'm incorrect, it's the same number. No, I'm incorrect, it was last month. So it will be the same number of days. I stand corrected. Like Mark said, we're up 4.4%. We averaged 6%, up 7% or so last quarter. So we're a little bit behind that. What it's related to is -- October is a long month, 23 days. So we've got a very small sample size.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Okay. I know you guys didn't want to take any questions on Boise. Rick, you had mentioned on the last call that you might have some initial thoughts on the D&A and the step-ups and those types of things. So if you had a comment there, I was just curious if you had any info?
Paul T. Stecko: No comment on Boise.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Okay. And then with the integration ahead for you guys and with where your financial leverage is right now, to the extent other mill assets were to come for sale, would you think of yourselves as kind of being more focused on integrating the Boise acquisition and doing just kind of the box plant deals that you typically would do? Or -- and more likely nothing on the mill side or how would you think about your capacity to do more right now?
Richard B. West: That's a great question for next quarter's earnings call, and we'll be more than happy to answer it. But that's tied part and parcel to the Boise and, as Mark said, we're not going to comment on that until we're completed with it.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Fair enough. Last question, just on pension contributions, Rick, with these changes in the plants, are there any expectations that we should have about what that might mean for required contributions in the future?
Richard B. West: Long-term, less, but not aiming lower amounts in the short term.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. Maybe bigger picture. First of all, you've done a tremendous job over the last few years of raising margin in the business. Now do you have a view on what the horizon could be in terms of how much more margin improvement you can have, excluding the effect of pricing and obviously, excluding the effect of Boise within your business? And how important are the box plant investments in driving that margin improvement over time? And then, I had a follow-up.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. I'll take that, George. Margins -- depends on a couple of things. Price and costs. And obviously, if your volume increases, you get to amortize overhead, over more tons, that reduces your cost. And so that and where price goes are the 2 biggest determinants of profitability. And we got a pretty good handle on where we think where volumes run and we don't speculate, ever, on forward pricing publicly. So that's about as good as I can do there. But the fact that we've added box plant capacity in markets where we were either sold out or getting close to that, again, has enabled us to put those tons through a box plant that most of the overhead was already absorbed. That's helped our margins. So this $200 million of money we've spent on the box plants over the last 3, 4 years, has definitely contributed to our margin improvement.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. I was holding price counts as well in the question. So it sounds like it's not so much incremental mix you're getting from the box plant investment, it's more the operating leverage that's allowing you because you have more ability to grow the business. Where do you...?
Paul T. Stecko: It's actually both.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So -- and would you say it's split evenly or more the volume growth or more the mix effect, Paul?
Paul T. Stecko: We're not giving up the secret recipe.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The other question I had, and I'll turn it over, where do you have the most concern about cost pressure over the next 2 to 3 years? Which line item or which factors should we be observing most closely in terms of potential erosion of the margin progress you've had over the last number of years?
Paul T. Stecko: George, regarding that question. Just general inflation. Obviously, the energy, wood cost type of impacts. But again, just general. Except for, of course, the big wildcard that everybody knows about is OCC. And if the world economy expands at a more significant rate than it has in the last year or 2, we believe that OCC is going to come under cost pressure. And again, we're advantaged in that regard because we are among the lowest users of OCC in the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: As you think about your existing mill assets in the containerboard side and your ability to increase production through productivity initiatives as you look over the next 12 months, where do you think you can grow your production on the containerboard side through productivity?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've been stating that the 1% creep is a normal creep for us based on, again, a normal CapEx spend. As we've said for many years now, it depends on how much capital you want to spend. But 1% is a good number to expect for a creep.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful, mark. And then, clearly, you're busy with the Boise acquisition, but as you think about the potential to add incremental converting capacity and box plants, can you talk about what the pipeline looks like for you on the box plant side?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. we're -- we will continue to look for opportunities wherever they happen to be. And if they fit our model correctly, we'll pursue those acquisitions. Going forward, we're not going to deviate much from the plan that we've had going the past few years.
Richard B. West: Yes, we want to get to over 90% vertically integrated. And if we can get there with strictly internal growth, that would be fine. And -- but it will probably take some more box plant acquisitions to do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So as the economy shifts more towards e-commerce, especially in the fourth quarter, is there anything that you're changing as far as your production or inventory plans in the fourth quarter to sort of accommodate that shift to more of an e-commerce market versus traditional brick-and-mortar?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. Again, no plans on changing anything. Just over the last 5 or 6 years, we've just definitely seen the benefit of the e-commerce during the holiday season.
Paul T. Stecko: December used to be -- used to be the tough month or a half-decent month. Decembers have been pretty constant over the last 5 years. The only thing we do, do -- and it's nothing new, we try to build a little inventory in the fourth quarter to support our mill outages which are stacked into the first quarter. But that's not a change, we've done that for the last 15 years.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And -- I mean, there were a couple of articles on the Wall Street Journal about Walmart trying to buy more American goods. And I think part of your thesis on it, the North American containerboard market has always been on-shoring of U.S. manufacturing. Anything you can share on those 2 fronts? Anything you're seeing that maybe we're not seeing as far as return the manufacturing to North America?
Paul T. Stecko: This is Paul again. I'll comment on that. Yes, I read the same things you read and so I don't think we're seeing a lot more than you might be seeing in terms of a macro look at this on-shoring phenomena as it unfolds. I will tell you though, from my perspective, if I went back -- I've got to go back 10 years now, that Tom Hassfurther would be running in about every 3 days telling me that this customer moved to China. And this customer moved his business to Mexico. I can't remember the last time he came in and told me somebody moved to China, and it's very infrequently that he tells me somebody moved to Mexico. So there's still a little movement to Mexico but not much. And Tom, you want to comment on that a little further? Because I think it's an important point that the trend has definitely stopped. The question is, how strong will it reverse itself? So I'll let you, since are talking to 70 box plants, amplify on that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Okay, Paul. I'd just like to add that, what Paul said is actually correct. The exodus from the country has essentially stopped. We don't see that much at all anymore. And I think that Walmart's initiative that they just announced buy -- to purchase more from American companies, I think coincides with the fact that a lot of American companies have become much more competitive worldwide. And with the labor rates going up in places like China dramatically, it's become more difficult to do business there, the costs have gone up, et cetera, that's driving Walmart's initiative. I think it's altruistic to say I'm going to buy from America, and that's a good thing to do but also, they're only going to do it if it's really competitive. And so I think that's a very good indicator that Walmart sees American manufacturing becoming much more competitive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to get a read on demand trend. I know you said the first few days of October was up 4% or so. Seems like a modest deceleration from Q2 trends. I just don't want to read too much into it. I just wanted to get a pulse on what you're seeing from the demand side and what your customers are saying?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I would say, Phil, that our demand has remained fairly steady. It's hard to read in much to this number that we have so far in October just because October is a 23-day month. And we don't have a very good sampling for just 8 days. It's hard to indicate what's going to go on. And we came out of a very strong Q2 and a very strong September as well.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it just sounds like business as usual. And in terms of your fiber cost, you talked about how wood cost ticked up. From a weather standpoint, things have subsided a little bit. And I think you mentioned that you expect wood prices to flatten out. Is there any room for it to come -- fall down, decline x the seasonality component just because it does seem like the headwind that you saw in 3Q is subsiding a bit here?
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's really sensitive to weather patterns. And again, if we ended up with a warm, dry winter period, you'd see a lot less pressure, and basically, a falling off on pricing. If we end up with a cold, wet weather, then, it's a different story. So again, it's pretty much just weather-dependent.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. And just one last, bigger-picture question. You guys were pretty much running flat-out for the last few years and your box shipments has obviously outpaced the broader market. Has that limited your ability to grow on the box side? It certainly doesn't seem like it, but with the potential incremental capacity you're getting from Boise, would that allow you to sustain that growth profile or potentially accelerate it going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan: As we've said for the last year or 2, in order to support the domestic growth, we're going to rationalize any of the lower-value export tons, and we've done just that. And so as time has gone on, we've supplied the North American footprint growth with the tons that came out of the exports.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Just a question on the growth. Can you just kind of help us parse out the type of growth you're seeing in these sort of larger national accounts versus more of the -- your traditional strength in the smaller regional producers?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Al, this is Tom. We don't get into lots of detail about individual segments or anything like that. I'll just say that our growth has been consistent, spread out over thousands of customers, and of course, we do business with large customers, as well as a very small ones. And it's all about the value we deliver to those customers, and that's what helps drive our demand.
Richard B. West: Basically, we consider that marketing data which is company confidential. And we don't share it with you because then we'll have to share it with competitors, and we don't do that.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. All right, I appreciate that. I guess, second question is just on mix. Is there -- certainly, the dynamic of less exports helps. Is there anything else on mix that's improving or is it just really that dynamic?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think it's more just that dynamic, Al.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just a housekeeping question for Rick. Amortization expense going up sequentially on maintenance outages. Can you just help us what that sequential headwind, if you will, is?
Richard B. West: About $0.02 a share from 3Q to 4Q [ph].
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: $0.02 a share. Okay, got it.
Mark W. Kowlzan: When he says $0.02 a share, that's the increase. Not the total. So it's gone from roughly $0.04 to $0.06.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Gabe Hajde sitting in for Chris. Question about utilization across your downstream box plant assets. Can you talk about maybe regionally or maybe end markets where you guys are particularly tight and could see investment dollars over the next 12, 24 months?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, we can't comment on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Mattson with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you talk to any update on the anticipated timing for the public debt financing portion of the acquisition, given the shelf that was filed this morning?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We have no comment at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Kind of a follow-on question, I think, mainly for Tom Hassfurther. If we look at the industry box shipments, year-to-date, they're essentially flat. The economy is up a bit. So it just kind of raises the question, Tom, of what you're seeing in terms of puts-and-takes, in terms of where the industry might actually be losing volume. Is there some demand destruction which might have taken place? If we walk through a big box store like a Costco, you see a lot more use of shrink wraps, it seems like, these days. At the same time, we know that e-commerce is using more boxes. So can you just help us kind of reconcile, kind of, those puts-and-takes in terms of box demand, and why you think the industry, as a whole, is flat this year when there's some growth in the economy?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Mark, you got a lot of different topics you're talking about there. I think you pretty much rationalized the puts-and-takes, quite frankly. You've got industries moving in lots of different directions. If they can do stretch wrap and flip sheets, that's what they'll do, as opposed to a corrugated box. At the same time, you've got the whole e-commerce side of the business, which is significantly different. And I think you've got small companies that are really upstarts. And their demand is in boxes, start to stock boxes and then moves on to regular containers. I think that you'll got the ag business that, in some cases, is doing more bulk than they did before, which can reduce some demand. But on the other hand, you've got organic growers that use more. So it kind of just goes back and forth, and you can go in all of these various markets and come up with scenarios of pluses and minuses. But at the end of the day, it is what it is and we've got the market we've got. And I think that at times, the FBA numbers have tracked GDP but have gotten away from that for quite some time. And it's a -- and I think at any given point in time, you can probably find the pluses and minuses to rationalize those numbers, but it's very complex.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And I think the more important point is that I think the biggest plus that the industry would need for the next decade is what we just talked about with the previous caller, more on-shoring of business -- and where -- the use of box in this country as opposed to coming from another country. Again, and long-term, we're fully -- we're pretty optimistic that that's going to occur over the next decade for a lot of reasons. One of which is the national debt is best fixed by economic growth. And I think that's an imperative for this country.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two quick ones. First of all, Paul, Mark, when you look at the energy projects now, I guess, 2 years from when they came online, what are your observations? What have been the learnings from this versus your initial expectations, set you up better for the next number of years? And then shorter term, as we're sort of penciling out production for the fourth quarter, would it be somewhere around 650,000 tons, in that ballpark, when we think about the shipping days and the outages at Filer City?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: George, as far as the energy projects go, again, they're delivering extremely well, both in Counce and Valdosta, and performing as designed. So we're extremely pleased with the results. As far as what we expect for tons, we expect that Filer is going to impact 7,000 tons. And if you look at the third quarter, we're somewhere down at 660,000-ton area.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And that number could move 20,000 tons either way easily depending on how we run. So we don't normally give a production forecast for the next quarter, and we're not going to start.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Have you any comment or have you seen any impact in your doings with the converted capacity we've been reading about? My understanding is that some of these mills don't even call their output containerboard, they call it packaging grades. But I just thought, if you got any broad comment about either the conversions or maybe even the company that recently announced the Midwest Mill, and how they fit sort of in the marketplace, and as a competitor to you?
Paul T. Stecko: Let me take that one, Chip. We're not going to call out any particular companies. But I don't think it's any secret that some of the conversion tons are not the best quality, but some are good. And other than that, we would just say that the variety, in terms of quality, is greater with some of this new stuff than you would get with the existing capacity at a good integrated mill. And then, as the OCC supply gets pressured, as you know, that can have a deleterious effect on quality because some -- most of the conversions that have been talked about are 100% recycled. And -- but other -- further than that, we're not going to comment any further than that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark W. Kowlzan: Seeing that there are no more questions, I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and look forward to seeing you on the annual call in January. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2013 results earnings conference call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $64 million or $0.66 per share, which included a one-time after-tax noncash charge of $5 million or $0.05 per share for pension plan changes. Excluding this charge, earnings were a record $69 million or $0.71 per share. This compared to second quarter 2012 net income, excluding special items of $48 million or $0.49 per share. Net sales were a record $800 million, up 12% from the second quarter of 2012 net sales of $712 million. The $0.22 per share increase in net income, excluding special items, were driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix of $0.27, higher corrugated products sales volume of $0.05. These items were partially offset by: higher costs for energy of $0.04; labor and fringe benefits, $0.03; and the timing of annual mill maintenance outages, $0.03. Excluding special items, net income for the first 6 months of 2013 was $130 million or $1.33 per share compared to net income for the first 6 months of 2012 of $88 million or $0.91 per share. Year-to-date net sales were $1.56 billion, up 12% from $1.38 billion in the first half of 2012. We had an outstanding quarter in all aspects of our operations with record earnings driven by higher prices for containerboard and corrugated products and higher corrugated products volume. The annual outages at 3 of our mills went extremely well with very efficient start-ups and the mills set a new quarter record for tons produced per operating day. Earnings were higher than our second quarter guidance, driven by better than forecasted containerboard and corrugated products volume and price, and lower than forecasted cost. Moving to the details of the operations: corrugated products shipments per work day were up 5.2%; and total shipments were up 6.8%; with one more work day in this year's second quarter. With our last box plant acquisition made in the first quarter of 2012, this is the first quarter where there was no volume contribution from new acquisitions. Demand for both domestic and export containerboard remains strong. However, with higher containerboard consumption in a number box plants and with the 3 mills being down during the quarter for their annual maintenance outages, we reduced our outside containerboard shipments by 9,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. This allows us to end the quarter with our containerboard inventories at a more manageable level, about 12,000 below at the end of this year's first quarter when we built some inventory for our second quarter planned outages. Our mills will need to continue to run well in the third quarter, however, by considering our inventory level and expected demand. Moving to mill production and performance. Our mills ran extremely well, producing 629,000 tons of containerboard despite reduced production of about 30,000 tons per mill annual maintenance outages at our 3 largest mills. This is 7,000 tons more annual maintenance downtime than last year's second quarter. In April, we had the No. 1 paper machine down at our Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill for 7 days, reducing production by 11,000 tons. In April, we also had the larger No. 4 paper machine down at our Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mill, down for 5 days. And also, the No. 2 paper machine at that mill was down for 4 days with total production losses of 7,000 tons. In May, our Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mill was down for 8 days, reducing production by 12,000 tons. Each of the mills started up and ran very well after their outages. And as I said earlier, the mills set a new quarter -- second quarter productivity record for total tons produced per operating day. For the quarter, based on days available to operate after taking out scheduled downtime days, the mills ran at just over 100% of their capacity. The timing and taking more annual maintenance downtime in the second quarter this year reduced our earnings by about $0.03 per share compared to last year's second quarter. We have no more annual leverage scheduled in the third quarter so our mills will have an opportunity to produce more tons. Our remaining 2013 annual no-maintenance outage is in October at our Filer City, Michigan medium mill, which will be a 5-day outage. Looking at prices and mix. Prices were higher for both containerboard and corrugated products, improving earnings by $0.27 per share compared to last year's second quarter. Our corrugated products price increases went in as planned and as of today, have been essentially completed. Export prices have also increased compared to both last year's second quarter and the first quarter of this year, as prices have moved up appreciably in all of our markets. With regards to cost, energy cost were up $0.04 per share compared to last year's second quarter, driven by increased prices pay for purchased fuels. Natural gas prices increased $1.35 per square Btu, and coal prices were up about $0.55 in square Btu compared to prices paid last year during the second quarter. In addition, labor and fringe benefit cost increased $0.03 per share, transportation cost increased $0.01 per share and we did see some real -- as we did see some railcar shortages. And we also had a heavier mix of longer haul destinations. Recycled fiber costs were lower than last year's second quarter, improving our earnings by about $0.01 per share as industry published prices for recycled fiber, excluding the delivery cost, were down about $15 per ton in the second quarter compared to the second quarter of last year. This benefit was offset by a slightly higher wood cost with reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. Our effective tax rate was lower than last year's second quarter from the settlement of certain tax matters, which improved our earnings by about $0.01 per share. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give you an update on our financial position.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the second quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $187 million. Capital expenditures during the quarter were $54 million. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $31 million. Cash tax payments of $6 million were made and fuel credits of $66 million were used to offset federal taxes. We currently have estimated remaining fuel tax credits of $4 million, which will be used to partially offset tax payments in the third quarter. However, the final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. We ended the quarter with $370 million of cash on hand, up $102 million from the end of the first quarter. Our total long-term debt outstanding at the end of the quarter, excluding capital leases, was $786 million. As of June 30, 2013, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.7 million shares. As Mark mentioned earlier, during the second quarter, PCA recorded a one-time noncash charge of $5 million, which was related to a change in our hourly pension plan. We recently negotiated an agreement involving 25 of PCA's corrugated plants who will transition from a defined-benefit pension plan to a defined contribution 401(k) plan. The pension charge is based on accounting guidance which requires us to accelerate the recognition of prior service pension cost for employees affected by this change. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Before discussing the third quarter, I want to mention that based on our strong cash flow and cash position, we are accelerating about $25 million of higher return capital projects from 2014 into the second half of 2013. These projects are all on our corrugated products plants where additional capacity is needed to support anticipated growth. Now moving ahead to the third quarter. We expect higher corrugated products prices, higher sales volume and with no planned annual outages, increased mill production and lower mill operating cost. We also expect higher purchase electricity cost with summer pricing, higher amortization of annual outage repair cost and a higher tax rate. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings to be about $0.88 a share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you, some of the statements we've made on the call constitutes forward-looking statements. The statements are based on current estimates, expectations and predictions of the company and involve risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, we'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from George Staphos, of Bank of America Securities.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess first off, Paul, congratulations to you on the recent announcements and I guess best of luck, everyone in their future roles at PCA. My first question would be, can you comment at all on how early third quarter bookings and billings have been? And can you comment at all on the June box containerboard data, which came out whether the data was more or less in line with your expectations or if there was any variance? And I have a couple of company-specific questions.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Regarding bookings and billings, for the first 7 days, our bookings are up about 18%, billings are up about 11%. And again, we're off to a good start but also take into account the fact that the way the Fourth of July fell this year, on Thursday, Friday, in some box plants, was an operating day. So even though it was not included as an official day, it wasn't caught up that day. So the numbers are skewed somewhat. But we are off to a strong start, but we do expect those numbers to temper down over the rest of the month. And then regarding the FDA numbers this morning, the one comment I do want to make, if you look at PCA, we came out of our second quarter and we have the annual shutdowns at the 3 of the mills, we needed to run -- we needed to build some inventory. But we are actually, for the month of June, we've built some inventory. So our PCA number, we were up 5,000 tons, but we were still too low after the outages. And so for the quarter, we were still down 12,000 tons. So on an industry basis, if you think about the month of June and what the FDA numbers were reported, you're talking about a 30-day mill month as opposed to a 20-day box plant month. And again, that's a 10-day differential. Normally, you'll see a 9-day differential. So if you're talking about 100,000-ton mill contribution from this particular June, typically, you wouldn't see. So with that, I really don't have a lot to add to the FDA numbers, except again, volume has been strong in our case and the inventories have trended at the historically low levels.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. One question made more specifically to PCA, and you alluded to this on your comments, you are accelerating some projects to add some high return -- or accelerate some higher return -- projects in the box plants over the next 12 months into this year. If we had it stack rank, what investors see is the most likely sources of return improvement in PCA from here over the next couple of years, would it be coming from the market development as you see it in the economy? Would it be coming from the capital deployment as you just mentioned for operations? Or would it come from value return to shareholders? How would you stack rank the most likely sources of improvement on return to the shareholder from here, from those 3 resources?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, if you think about what our strategy has been for the last few years, we have a goal of getting our integration level up to the 91% level. And continuing to deploy capital, especially in the box plants, to help in that direction which would have been very successful. With that in mind, if you think about where we are, year-to-date, we're sitting at about 87% integration, but from a return point of view, again, I think the capital -- and we are spending in the box plant -- continues to give us extremely high return opportunities and as you're seeing that in the volume. Tom, do you want to add anything else in the capital. We don't really talk about it a lot, but your side of the business has been deploying well with good small pieces that have been returning the big volume growth.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, I would just that, yes, that we're really a customer-driven company, a revenue-driven company. And so we will deploy that cash where that driver can accelerate our earnings. With that said, I think we've also taken all the above approach and we've developed a lot of flexibility and we're pretty opportunistic about where we want to deploy that cash. But right now, we have some opportunities in the box plants, as Mark alluded to, that have some good returns and we're accelerating those solely based on the fact that we have some very good customer opportunities and they're coming to us and we're taking advantage of those opportunities.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Last one...
Mark W. Kowlzan: You're out of questions. You have exceeded your limit on the first call. We're going to have to cut you off and move on. But just to summarize, that was the last, it was a good question. If I rank the first one, if we had to pick one -- I think Mark said, increasing our integration level will be our greatest source of value creation for shareholders. And so if you don't mind, we'll circle back to you later for other questions. We have -- 15 analysts now that cover us and we want to give everybody an opportunity. So we're going to have to cut you off, George. No malice intended.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, you referenced improvements and some capacity addition opportunities on the box plants side. And given that you're growing faster than the industry and your mills are running full out or near full out, I'm wondering would you consider capacity expansion on the mill side over the next 1 to 2 years? How should we think about your mill footprint in terms of capacity as you continue to grow kind of faster than the industry?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, just again, the #1 priority continues to be the integration level. We've spoken over the last year that we continue to have the tons available that come out of the outside sales, both to the export and the domestic sales side of the equation. So with the pre-capacity that we currently have on the mills and the efficiency with which we're running, and then with the opportunity to move tons of rationalized tons longer-term out of those export domestic markets, the mill acquisition, mill incremental capacity is a lesser concern at this point, as opposed to the integration itself.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a very quick follow-up. You referenced railcar shortages and maybe some higher transportation costs, and that's some things that other producers have talked about. Is this a problem that's getting worse as you go into the third quarter or is it isolated to a specific region? Or is there any kind of color you can give us about what the pressure is in terms of transportation costs?
Mark W. Kowlzan: It was a combination of -- we went to the outages in the spring. We obviously had opportunities and issues combined with how to take care of the box plants during that period of time and get the tons moved to the right places from the remaining mills that we're running. And again, we had some spring issues, again, just with the normal seasonality with regards to our rails and trucking. And then just again, just the nature of where we are with the trucking industry. And so that being said, again, the fact that we have compressed our annual shutdowns into the April, May period probably created the most -- the biggest factor in that transportation dilemma.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: With more and more cash flow that you're generating, you have the enviable problem of finding a home for it, and I know you've increased your dividend a lot in the recent past. I don't think you were too active on the share repurchase during the quarter, if you could confirm that? And maybe just help us understand, I realized there's the 25-minute incremental that you're pulling forward, but you still seem to have a lot of additional cash beyond homes that have been identified for it. Can you help us on what you're thinking about at this stage?
Richard B. West: Yes. Again, as we've said in the past, if you think about the use of cash being dividend, share buybacks, CapEx, Paul and I speak regularly about this and we're -- in past years, we've been opportunistic in buying shares back, but it was rather hard to justify these past 6 months buying shares when the market was performing the way it performed. That being said, I'm going to have Paul make some comments as we've done in the last few quarters because this is typically a board matter and we've discussed this at every board meeting. But in regards to the uses of cash besides the $25 million, into the third quarter we already have plans to make a $30 million pension plan contribution. And also our federal taxes, we're looking at $31 million of taxes in the third quarter. So again, the benefits of the black liquor credits essentially have run out. We only have $4 million left on those credits going into the third quarter. So again, we have roughly $51 million of incremental cash besides that capital. But, Paul, do you want to make a comment regarding that?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Well, you know what, Mark, you're right. We're going to continue, we're going to have cash. If things keep going the way they are, this is not a forecast, but we should have a strong cash flow generation in the second half, which, in your terms, exacerbates our problem a little bit. What do we do with it? We've had a strategy long term that we want to buy back shares, that's right up high of the things we do. We thought maybe what the Fed is talking about tightening up are not easy. Tightening up on the bond buying up, buying back as much as the market mix. Correct. The market is not corrected so we missed it again. In other words, if we had to do it over again, I wish we had bought shares back during the quarter, we didn't. On the other hand, the stock kept going up so I hate to root for the stock to go down just because we want to buy shares. So I'm kind of in a dilemma. I win in both ways, or lose both ways, however you want to look at it. We did increase the dividend. We thought that made a lot of sense and we increased it appreciably to get rid of some cash. We had a strong quarter and we're back in the dilemma again. We've got more cash than we need. We really have 2 things that we can look at: share buyback and share -- and dividend increases. And it's a moving target. We're kind of hoping that something happens that may make the decision easier, but in the end, we're eventually going to have to buy back more shares or increase the dividend and we'll probably do some of each. And when and how much, will depend on a lot of things and I'm not prepared, including board approval, so I'm not prepared to go much further than that other than we know the situation, we know we have a lot of cash, we know we've got to do something with it. We haven't quite figured it out yet. That's not the best answer in the world, but that's the truth.
Operator: Our next question is from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question is, you guys pointed out a $0.27 improvement from price and mix. And just looking at the mill production, that would suggest $60 a ton. And I know a lot of that has to be the mix side of it with your forward integration strategy. But could you give us an idea on how much of the price increase you actually realized in the quarter and how much we would expect to see in the third?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, let me take this one. We don't give the exact numbers in that regard. We view that as a company confidential information. However, as Mark said on the call, as of roughly today, we're done with the increase. And we have achieved a full passthrough. Now we've got no, obviously, none of the increase in the box plants last April because our price increase began May 1. So we're going -- when you throw it all together, we're going have to realize this is both the mill containerboard increase, about 40% of the total in the second quarter and the other 60% in the third quarter. And that's the best way that I can describe it. So if you can figure out, which I know you're capable of, what the total price increase is and how many times we produce, we've got about 40% in the second quarter and we'll get the other 60% in the third quarter. And that's what I'd given into specific dollar amount of increases.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And second question is, you mentioned you're -- you have a strong beginning to July. And one thing we noticed this morning is in the last couple of years, it seems like the box shipments, at least when you look at year-over-year and even in absolute terms, seem to be tilted more towards the beginning of a quarter and tend to fall off at the end of the quarter and we certainly saw that in June. But we've also seen it March and December and going back to September and June of last year. And I didn't know if something had really changed in the last couple of years that would explain that. And is that good or not good for the industry?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, if you just talk about PCA, our numbers are basically flat. If you look at the beginning of the month, the beginning of the quarter, we've been seeing a consistent run rates throughout the quarter. What is interesting about this July, July has started out stronger. Normally, the Fourth of July week holiday followed by the second week is typically a big vacation. Things are slow, but we've seen a good strong start this year. So again, we're strong but again, flat historically, through the latest quarters.
Richard B. West: Yes, just to amplify on it. If you looked over our monthly box shipments, April, May and June, they're all pretty much the same, there wasn't a lot of volatility month-to-month. So pretty constant. It's usually more volatile than this. And beginning of the month, to end of the month, there's not been a lot of volatility there and what you've said, we have it seeing time to time, historically, but not in the past quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. I know we're in a time constraint, could you just talk real quickly about what you're accelerating in CapEx wise into this year? How much of the dollars and what shall we expect in terms of the box plant improvement?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, Tom, why don't you comment about some of the projects you're looking at in terms of just the opportunities.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: This is Tom. We're going to accelerate about $25 million into 2013. Now, $5 million, it really doesn't have any real return in terms of income, but $5 million on infrastructure, which we just need to do and we might as well get that done now. $20 million is spread out in a lot of different projects and a lot of different plants, and again, as it relates to the previous discussion that we had regarding our customers and their demand and opportunities they present. And so that's where those are geared towards and the it's a handful of projects really spread out across the country.
Operator: Next question is from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just 2 things: You generated a lot more cash than we expected you do this quarter, I wonder if you could tell us if there's something different going on in working capital or somewhere nearby? And secondly, do you have a view on fiber cost in the second half and whether they're going to be affected much by the volatility you're seeing in lumber prices?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Rick, why don't you talk about cash first, then I'll talk about fiber.
Richard B. West: I really didn't see anything that abnormal in the cash flow or the cash we expected. We were targeting a level of cash generation at the level we've set. Our working capital did not change significantly from the first to the second quarter. So Mark, there was really nothing unusual there. We may -- we do have some larger cash payments in the third quarter as Mark mentioned earlier, but it's really nothing unusual.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And regarding fiber, we're seeing basically flat trends currently on virgin fiber plan hardwood costs. We have few periods with wet weather that costs some momentary increases in southern states. But again, as we go into the middle of summer right now, earning's flat with the wood-based fibers. A little bit of ups, increase on recycle we're seeing around the country, but nothing dramatic.
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JP Morgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on the box plant side. You mentioned that this is the first quarter you didn't any acquisition impact on the box volume, so I'm just kind of curious how you're thinking about the pipeline for any additional box plant opportunities or whether the acceleration on the CapEx side of things means you're going to be more internally focused in the second half?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, if you think about it, I know Tom is constantly evaluating opportunities. And Tom, why don't you add a little color to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Phil, I would say that as we said before, we are always looking at potential acquisition opportunities. We do have a high threshold for what they have to meet in order to make the acquisition. Of course, the quality, great quality and sustainable customer base, the quality management team and accretive earnings. So there are a lot of factors that have to be met. It's got to be of side that makes sense to us as well, quite frankly. But we're still looking out and we're exploring them. We have some opportunities that we're certainly looking at right now, and that's certainly an area that we will continue to deploy our capital.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And I guess -- and I'm going to have to add to that, all things being equal, an internal investment will produce a better return than an acquisition because if you just put a piece of equipment in the box plant, all of the overheads already been absorbed in that box plant. The only thing you're adding is a bit of a variable labor, a little bit of energy. So the margin on some of the things that we're doing and some of the things we've done in our internal investment program, produced very, very good returns. And we've had a good list of projects to look at. Tom and Mark have gone through them, they've picked the best of the best and said, "Hey, we need to accelerate these, these returns are that good. And that doesn't mean you don't keep looking for acquisitions, but an internal project, if it's a good one, because in the overhead absorption benefit, we'll beat an acquisition.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just to the extent that mix has been helped, as you look at the numbers year-over-year, how much of that is just kind of driven by using more of that board internally and these initiatives that you think you had versus some other kind of mix-related factor that you you've been going after?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, some of the mix improvement is a result of that, Phil, as you mentioned. There's no question about that. We're going to deploy our paper where we have the best returns, there's no question about that. But in addition, I think it's representative of quality of the account base we have. They put a very high demanded on us, they have value. And as a result of that, we expect to get paid for that. So I think it's a combination of all the above. I think in addition, the improvement in the pricing also as a result of containerboard increase on the mill side, which did go into effect starting in April. So we got some benefit from that as well.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure, Okay. And then Rick, did you intend the last quarter that the maintenance tailwind from Q2 to 3Q, I believe, would be $0.06 a share and obviously, you guys had a strong performance this quarter. So is that delta still the same or does that change the delta?
Richard B. West: I think that the delta is essentially the same. It's going to be somewhere between 2Q to 3Q after you net out the increase in repair job, amortization of an improvement from $0.06 to $0.08 per share.
Operator: Our next questions is from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have just 2 questions. One, Paul, could you just talk about the topic of the potential special dividend as opposed to just an ordinary dividend? And then Tom Hassfurther, are you benefiting at all in the box business from just the consolidation that's taken place among the bigger players and maybe customers wanting to add suppliers, additional suppliers?
Paul T. Stecko: On the dividend, we've never done a special dividend and I really can't comment on that, more than that because then people read speculation into that and I don't want speculation to occur when I really don't have anything to say on the subject. So we've never done one before and I will leave it at. And Tom,you want to take the second part of that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, I would say that I say we gained for many reasons, not primarily at all because of consolidation. I think more so because of our existing customer base. The fact that we've been able to align with some customers who have been able to grow through this period where the box business has been relatively flat. I think we've proven to our customers that we provide the best value and that's benefited us greatly.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If you look at the consensus forecast for the U.S. economy, there is hope that we see a pickup in the second half of this year and then into '14. And as you look at your book of business and talk to your customers, do you see a potential pickup in your business in the back half of this year versus the first half?
Richard B. West: I don't really have an answer to that, that's just speculative. Yes, we're not seeing anything in the market that says one thing or the other. Our business has been stuck in a rut pretty constant. The good news is it's the high earnings so we're so we're not complaining about it. But as I said early, we've been pretty consistent. We've not seen any change. We've heard, as you've heard and report up, so that if the feds change, it's policy. It may have an effect on the economy, et cetera, et cetera. So we're kind of like you, we're waiting to see what happens, but we don't know what's going to happen. But if it stays where it is, we'll be pretty happy. If it gets better, we'll be happier. So that's about all we get out on that. We really don't' know where the economy is going.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I would just ask in addition say in addition, Paul, our customers, like ourselves, were hopeful and optimistic.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Let me ask you a question on...
Mark W. Kowlzan: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Good morning.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Next question?
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My first question is really a clarification around the capital spending.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Operator, is there any more questions in the queue?
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you hear me?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Operator?
Operator: Yes. We're on. Can you hear Scott Gaffner?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've lost the call.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, I can hear you. I believe something happened to their line. [Technical Difficulty]
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Now we're back on. First question is really just a clarification around capital spending. I think on the first quarter you mentioned $120 million of CapEx. And then $50 million for either some box plant acquisitions or some strategic investment. Should we think about the acceleration of the $25 million from 2014 and add it to that number, meaning, $195 million in total now versus the $170 million, or how should we think about that?
Richard B. West: Yes. If you look at it, originally, we had $180 million of planned normal capital spending for the mills and box plants. We also had an additional $10 million that we had planned on this year for the Boiler MACT spending, so total of $190 million. But again, for the $180 million plus, the $25 million, that will be the total CapEx between the mills and box plants. And so again, about $205 million of normal plus the $10 million of the Boiler MACT.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just around the capabilities that you're actually adding to the box plant, are these customers specific capabilities, meaning, are you coming up with ways to hold customers accountable for the investments that you're making? Or are these more broad investments that you can utilize to serve broad customer base?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Scott, this is Tom. They are driven primarily by what in essence is customer demands that we don't have the capacity for. So we obviously will be able to fill the capacity of customer demands that we have existing and obviously have some potential to handle some additional demand.
Operator: Our next question is from Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A quick question. I mean, from a growth standpoint, your boxing business has obviously outpaced the market pretty nicely. I think it's around mid-single-digit rate for the last few years. Is the $75 million type of investment the new run rate going forward to sustain that growth rate going forward?
Richard B. West: You can say that. We'll take advantage of opportunities. I think Tom said that's very important. Where we see demand opportunities and growth opportunities based on our customer activity, we'll continue to deploy capitals for that growth needs. So the dynamic manner, we will be very flexible in how we deploy capital into the box plants. Again, it's a very, very dynamic process. And CapEx will slow down as we get towards the 90% -- not mid-90% to 93%, 94% integration level. As we approach that obviously, our need for additional box plant capacity will diminish unless we add more milk capacity or unless we expand our mills and then you're in the game, the same cycle, because our strategy revolves very strongly about -- around high integration level. So it's dynamic, you would expect it to slow down. And then, it could pick up again, depending on what we do on the mill side of the business.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And that's actually a great seg-way. So on the mill side, do you guys have a lot of projects that are still available that you can easily add some capacity down the road or would you actually have to step up spending pretty meaningfully to get that incremental capacity?
Richard B. West: We said this before. It's all related to the amount of capital you want to spend. So capital per ton of capacity. And so you can add capacity virtually to most mills. It's just how much -- is it going to cost and how much are you willing to spend? How valuable is that incremental fund? Yes, another way you can increase capacity at percent, 2% a year. For not a lot of capital. But if you want a big pop in capacity, that cost, that's a big pop in capital. And so yes, you just have to determine that you go through this, what's the best way to do it. Maybe accelerate creeping a little bit, maybe do a big mill expansion, maybe make an acquisition. That will depend on the factors in play at the time.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you. Just probably still too early to call that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, again, as we've said, until we get that 91% integration level in the low 90s, and then understand what our balance is going to be for outside sales with remaining funds, we're not making any plans for any large mill expansions. Just to add to that. As you've said,we've been -- our demand is -- and our growth has been, I think, very good the last 3 years since we embarked on this project, but we're only halfway there. This is an ambitious project to get from 80% integration to the mid-90s. It's not something you do quickly because every piece of business we expand, we don't want tons per tonnage sake. We want box business that comes from customers who appreciate and pay for the value we provide. And so we're only looking for good business to fill up our system, not business in general. And that makes this objective even tougher. But we are on page. I think we're doing about as we expected and we're going to finish this before we move on to something else.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's really helpful. And just switching gears a little bit, just to broader emerging markets and timings like Brazil, China, Middle East, seem to have slowed a little bit. I know you guys don't export too much abroad, but have you seen your export business slow down a little bit on that?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We haven't seen this really slowdown, but again, during the second quarter we intentionally decreased our outside sales. In particular, some of the export tons to make sure that we took care of our own internal box plant. But Tom, if you think about last year into this year, we're probably the last guys to answer that question quite frankly, just because of the position we've taken in the export market. We cannot handle the demand we have right now and we have shrunk our supply base to the export market as it is. So all I can tell you is what we see right now have no idea what somebody who's really large in the export market and participates in all the markets around the world, what they see. In addition, I would just add that as Mark made mention in his comments, the price has risen significantly or certainly appreciably in the export market as well, at least the one's we're involved in.
Operator: Our next question is from Al Kabili of Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Just 2 questions. Mark, first is just if you could help us on the box plant investment. Just help us frame what that means for your capacity this year? How much that boosts your capacity this year or how does that help your integration rate?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, if you look at year-to-date, we are sitting at an average of about 87% integration. And we believe in what we're forecasting internally is that the integration level will remain about 87% due to the remainder of the year in that area. So as far as for a full year average.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: That's really helpful. And is this investment related more to improving throughput, or some of this is just increasing your capabilities that's going to help with the mix component of your business?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Both. And just as Paul said back on the CapEx, we had a program where we spent $80 million to $100 million over the last couple of years to increase our integration level. This is only $25 million of capital. So you're talking about a couple of percent increase in integration level at most year. So this is not a big, big project, don't misunderstand that. We simply accelerate it about $25 million from last year to this year, and it's all equipment. It's a piece of equipment that we're out of capacity on. It's a piece of equipment that we need because we got a new piece of business specific to a customer that we could use in other places. And as Tom mentioned, about $5 million is just for infrastructure improvement. When you're running box plants, some of them, as far as we are, you've got to make sure the infrastructure is still able to support it. If it means that another track top or an improvement in -- so we can get more input through the whole plant, et cetera, et cetera. But again, it's only $20 million for equipment, probably in 7 or 8 plants, and it's going to -- on the margin, increase our integration level a couple of percent but it's not going to increase to 10% because of the amount -- we're only spending $20 million in capital, it's not that much money, but the returns are all very good.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And that's $20 million on top of the $50 million? So $70 million?
Richard B. West: Yes. And we put that in really on top of the $50 million because we'll do that and we'll make an acquisition. And that's the plan for this year. As Tom said, we're still working on the pipeline. That number could change too if a really good acquisition came up, but we've got no comments on that at this point.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from George Staphos, Bank of America Securities.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My third question, only question here, is this: If we look at the level of operating profit relative to revenue and subtract once on the other, you get cost both this quarter and the year-ago quarter. Cost went up about $50 million some-odd, yet production declined for all the maintenance outage reasons. As you think about, maybe the question more for Tom, as I listened to what your number is kind of the cost factors in the quarter, would much of that increase in cost be a function of mix, i.e., as you've picked up business, you've picked up more profitable business but business that in turn, requires you to add more value to the profit before you sell it to the customer. What would drive that increasing cost relatively lower production year-on-year that you saw in quarter?
Paul T. Stecko: I'll take it. This is Paul. Now, let's not relate it to that. We've told you where the cost items that went up. Obviously, energy prices are up. Coal, gas, labor and fringes are up. Our hard incentive compensation payments will be up. If we continue with this rate, we'll make appreciably more earnings than we did last year and our bonus plan is a function of our profitability. The more profitable we are, the higher bonuses we can play until our labor and benefits are up, but there's nothing related to the mix on that. That is the short answer to your question.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I'll follow-up offline because the numbers on a per share basis don't add up quite to the overall level of cost increase. But in any event, good quarter and luck on the third quarter.
Richard B. West: Yes. Let me comment on that. We don't understand the intricacies of every analyst model, so when you throw a model question out on us, we don't necessarily agree with what you're saying, not because we don't believe it, we just don't understand your model. So it's hard to respond to questions like that. Unless we do it offline and you tell us what your model means and we can respond to that as long as it's publicly available information.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. I was just referring to what you published in terms of revenue and operating profit.
Operator: A follow-up from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just a quick one, for Rick. On the black liquor credits, you mentioned there's just a little bit left and could you just give us a range of what the possible outcomes would be based on the Filer City audit? Could there be more or could there be -- where it would be reversed some of these credits?
Richard B. West: Jeff, as far as anymore, no. We have recorded what we expect what we will get and we have the $4 million remaining. And if you look in our 10-K, it does layout how much we have built in, in the event that it does -- if there's a lot of which we do not believe that will be the case. And as we've said last quarter, we believe the worst case would be $120 million payback if no credits were allowed. And we don't anticipate that.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And when do you think this gets resolved? Any update on that?
Richard B. West: From our standpoint, we are still hopeful that it will be resolved by the end of the year.
Operator: I have a follow-up from Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Just a quick one for you, Rick, on pension. With the changes to the plan, any thoughts on how that influences the pension expense?
Richard B. West: It doesn't really influence the pension expense that much. I did mention on a voluntary pension contribution that we're making irrespective of the change in the third quarter, but it does not impact the pension expense.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And with the black liquor $4 million left, should we just be assuming your cash tax rate goes close to your 36% book tax rate. How should we be thinking about it or is there's some depreciation items that could change that?
Richard B. West: There are some differences between tax depreciation and book depreciation, as well as some credits that are available under the normal course. I would say our cash tax rate reverting back to about 32%, probably about 28%, on third quarter a little over 32%.
Operator: I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you on the next call on October. Have a good day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products
Analysts: Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2013 Results Earnings Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Office for PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call and after the presentation, I will be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported record first quarter net income of $61 million or $0.62 per share compared to adjusted net income, excluding special items in the first quarter of 2012, of $41 million or $0.42 per share. The $0.20 per share increase in earnings, excluding 2012's special items, was driven by higher Containerboard and Corrugated Products prices and mix of $0.23 per share, increased sales volume of $0.05 per share and lower recycled fiber costs of $0.01 per share. These items were partially offset by higher costs including labor and benefits of $0.06 per share; workers' compensation of $0.01 per share; energy, $0.01 per share; and transportation, $0.01 per share. Net sales were a record $755 million, up 12% compared to the first quarter of 2012 net sales of $671 million. We had a very strong quarter in all aspects of our operations with higher pricing and strong volume driving all-time records for sales, corrugated product shipments and earnings per share. Corrugated products demand was stronger than we expected throughout the quarter, and our price and mix was also better than forecasted. The stronger than expected volume, price and mix drove our earnings higher than our January guidance by about $0.06 per share. Looking at more details of the operations, our Corrugated product shipments per workday were up 7.1% with 2 less workdays than last year's first quarter, and total shipments were up 3.8%. Excluding our March 2012 box plant acquisition, shipments per workday were up 5.8% and total shipments, up 2.5%. The containerboard market has remained tight for us, and our outside sales of containerboard and this year's first quarter were basically the same as in the first and fourth quarters of last year, even with the constraint of having to build some containerboard inventory to help support our second quarter maintenance downtime. Our prices for containerboard and corrugated products were up over the last year's first quarter, reflecting the full realization of fourth quarter domestic containerboard and corrugated products price increases and higher export prices. Our mix was also richer as I mentioned earlier. All of our mills ran exceptionally well, producing a first quarter record, 646,000 tons of containerboard, up 6,000 tons over the first quarter of 2012. This record performance was driven by lower annual average downtime and improved productivity, which more than offset 1 less production day compared to last year's first quarter, which included an additional production day for leap year. Annual mill maintenance outages reduced linerboard production by about 7,000 tons during the first quarter with No. 2 paper machine at our Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill down for 5 days in March. The strong mill performance allowed us to meet our strong demand and build 3,000 tons of needed containerboard inventory. Most of our mill maintenance outage work this year will occur in the second quarter, resulting in 30,000 tons of lost production. Historically, most from our annual mill maintenance outages have ever occurred in first quarter. The No. 1 machine at Counce was down 8 days earlier this month to complete their outages for 2013. At our Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mill, our larger machine No. 4 was down for 5 days last week, and we now have our No. 2 machine down, which is expected to start up on this Thursday after the a 4-day outage. Our Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mill would be down for 8 days in May. We will complete our 2013 annual maintenance outages in the fourth quarter with a relatively small outage at our Filer City, Michigan medium mill. With regard to cost, compared to the first quarter of 2012, higher labor and benefits costs reduced earnings by about $0.06 per share with $0.03 per share from annual wage increases; $0.02 per share from benefits inflation; and $0.01 per share from higher incentives. Workers' compensation costs were also up over the last year's first quarter, reducing earnings by about $0.01 per share. Wood costs were flat with last year. Extremely wet weather conditions only affected our wood costs at our Counce mill in January, after which the weather conditions improved considerably. Recycled fiber costs were lower than last year's first quarter, improving earnings by $0.01 per share, but up over the fourth quarter, reducing earnings by $0.01 a share. Finally, our transportation costs and higher energy costs from coal price being up from last year each reduced earnings by about $0.01 per share compared to last year's first quarter. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give an update on our cash generation and uses during the first quarter.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the first quarter, PCA generated cash from operations, before working capital changes, of $128 million. Working capital increased by $32 million, driven by beginning of the year payments, including incentive bonuses, increased receivable levels and other seasonal changes resulting in net cash generated, after working capital changes, of $96 million. Historically, the first quarter is our lowest cost cash generation quarter with several beginning of the year payments. We expect our cash generation to be significantly higher for the remainder of the year with our fourth quarter being the highest cash-generating quarter. Capital expenditures were $27 million during the quarter. We take no quarterly common stock dividends in the first quarter as a result of paying our normal January dividend payment in December 2012. We repurchased 121,000 shares of PCA's stock in the first quarter for $5 million, or an average of $42.47 per share. As of March 31, 2013, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.4 million shares. At quarter end, we had $268 million cash on hand and our total long-term debt, excluding capital leases, is $790 million. During the first quarter, cash tax payments of $4 million were made and we used $7 million of fuel tax credits. On April 15, we also used $32 million in tax credits to fully offset our scheduled federal tax payment. We currently have estimated remaining fuel tax credits of $37 million, which will be used to offset future tax payments. However, the final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit, currently underway. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead, we expect seasonally stronger volume and higher prices in the second quarter. However, the majority of the earnings benefit from price increases will not be realized until the third quarter, when April containerboard price increase pass-through to corrugated products is completed. Also, as I've said earlier, most of our annual mill maintenance this year will occur in the second quarter with outages at 3 of our 4 mills. We expect these outages to reduce our containerboard production by 30,000 tons in the second quarter compared to 7,000 tons of lost production from maintenance downtime in the first quarter. The 23,000 tons of additional lost production, along with higher repair and operating costs from these outages, is expected to reduce earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the first quarter. We also expect higher transportation, recycled fiber and purchased electricity costs. Considering these items, we currently expect second quarter earnings of about $0.62 a share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Weintraub from Buckingham.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Mark, is it fair to say that the higher transport recycled and purchased electricity -- might that be order magnitude $0.03 to $0.04, 2Q v 1Q?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, but $0.01 per piece is a good number, Mark.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. Excellent. And then on use of cash, clearly -- particularly, one, as this price increase gets implemented, you're going to be generating a lot of excess cash even relative to where you're dividend payout is currently. Are you comfortable building your cash balance? Or if you don't find bolt-ons, et cetera, would you look to, more aggressively, return cash to shareholders?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Short-term, we're comfortable, Mark. And again, that's something that we discussed, I think, on every board meeting, so -- currently, we're going to stay with our strategy, but short-term, we're comfortable. And Paul, you want to add any comments on that?
Paul T. Stecko: No, I think you said exactly right. We're building cash here. It's a little faster rate than what we think is optimum. Quite frankly, we felt that with the macroeconomics worldwide that the stock market might have corrected in the first quarter and that would be a good buying opportunity, their buy back shares, that didn't happen. I mean, we're not unhappy that didn't happen not because the stock performed well, but we can't wait for that forever. And so short-term, we're okay. Long-term, we know we have to do something. And it's the normal vehicles in terms of dividends, share buybacks, very high-return capital projects.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: That's very helpful. And lastly, one quick one, can you give us an update on what's happening with export pricing, containerboard pricing?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. This is Tom Hassfurther. Yes, export pricing continues to go up. It goes up differently than what it does domestically. As we've talked about before, there's smaller increments, but it does continue to go up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You discussed stronger-than-expected corrugated demand in the quarter. And I was wondering if you could give any color on that. People have talked about housing recovery, e-commerce and online shopping, return-to-manufacturing activity as being drivers. Are -- were any of those meaningful drivers in the quarter? And what kind of color can you give us on kind of the improved demand you saw?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, just recapping when we talked in January, we started out the quarter in saying that bookings were 4.5%, and we felt comfortable that we had a good quarter starting. I think, specifically, and I'm going to let Tom add some color, but, well, we saw a strong volume across-the-board. Again, much, much stronger than what we expected. But Tom, won't you add some specifics to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, I would agree that interestingly enough, and the good news is that the volume did come from numerous areas and it wasn't concentrated, just in a particular industry or particular business. And I think, really for PCA, I think most of it is a result of our strategic capital that we've invested, the outstanding acquisitions that we've made. And basically, it's our value proposition that we have out there. Most of the growth was organic and from existing customers. The other thing I might add is, is that we had a very unusual March this year in terms of 20 workdays versus the norm, which would be closer to 22 workdays. And so on a per workday basis, it looks like March was very high. But overall, it was level with the previous March. Now, those numbers will reverse in April, because April in the second quarter is typically a 20-day month, that will be a 22-day month this year. So our demand will be up maybe 1% or so in total, but on a per workday -- or I'm sorry, in total, but on a per workday basis, it will come up to about 10%. So it's just a little unusual what went on the first, third quarter versus what we'll have on the second quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And just to be clear, so for the first 3 weeks of April, on a per week -- per workday basis, can you repeat what you're seeing?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: To start out on these first 13 days and top bookings and billings. Bookings were up 4.7%. Billings always lag -- were at 1% increase in -- and we always see this as the month closes out, the bookings and billings close the gap and billings catch up to the bookings. And so again, we're right at that 4.7%, round up, 5% for the first 13 days on bookings orders.
Paul T. Stecko: But up 1 on billings -- this is Paul Stecko. And you got to be careful of that number because last year, it's a very tough comparable. We were up 4% in April -- excuse me, we were up 8.4% in April, so it's a tough comparable. And as Tom Hassfurther was pointing out, we're up about 1% on a per workday month-to-date, but with 2 more days, up 1% translates into up 10% for the month in total volume. So it could be a very, very strong quarter. Bookings are indicating that we may do better than that because as Mark said, we're up 5% of bookings, but that seems like a pretty hard number to sustain the rest of the month. We'll have to see. And I don't think we'll sustain that rate for the month, or I mean, the numbers get real big.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: The revenue number you guys put up, at least for -- versus our model was quite impressive, and I think you mentioned the box demand was particularly strong. Could you -- and I know last year, your integration level, I believe, was 83%. Could you tell us what the -- as you look at the integration level was in the first quarter, and are you seeing your mix of boxes change, at least on the revenue side where you're getting -- you're selling the more of a value-added product?
Mark W. Kowlzan: On the first question, integration, we're right at 84.5%, 85% for the first quarter. And so again, we continue to improve that integration level per our plan. The next part of the question, again, we've specifically stated, we did see a richer mix in this first quarter, more so than we had expected to see in our product, so -- Tom, you want to add any color to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Chip, I would just say that if you do more of the hard to do, you're going to get paid more for that. And that's kind of what we've set out to do a long time ago, and we continue to take on those challenges and try to do it in the most cost-effective manner. So I think that's one of the keys that drives are up.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and I guess the other point, Chip, on integration, that's one of our main goals. Get that integration level up because we make money, not only on the board we sell, we also make money in the box plants as opposed to just selling paper on the outside. And what makes getting the integration level up a little more difficult is we continue to improve the productivity in the mills. We were up 6,000 tons over our last year's first quarter. So you got to sell those 6,000 each and you haven't moved the integration level at all. So it's a steeper slope when you have to offset high productivity, and it's a high-class problem, I'll admit, but that makes getting the integration level up more difficult.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then can you talk a little bit about your wood costs? And maybe as you look out, it would seem like the -- in the upper Midwest that you're seeing, I think, wood costs come down as lumber production picks up. And would you expect to see that as chip productions higher, or on the other hand, do you think your wood costs are going to hedge up as we go through the year?
Richard B. West: Chip, in general, across-the-board, we're flat. Regionally, we see some movement up and down a little bit. Obviously, earlier this winter, we saw some activity in the Counce region with the wet weather. In general, nationwide, up north, as you just referred to, what we started seeing a year ago the increased activity in the sawmill business and that did bring more chips to the marketplace. And so the net effect, again, on our pricing was pretty flat. We've seen a little bit of movement in the Southeastern region as far as pine pricing, not as high as indicated in some of the periodicals and publications. But we're seeing some of the weather effect and also some of the dimensional lumber in the pine market increasing. But again in general, we're pretty flat across-the-board.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then just the last question. Paul, I know your contract as Executive Chairman struck a few years ago. I think it expires on June 30. Could you let us know what your plans or the company's plans might be going forward?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, but not today. That's something that obviously has to be answered in the next couple of months, so we have a board meeting in early May. And at the appropriate time, we'll give everybody an update on that situation. But it's premature to answer that question now.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm wondering if you could get into the impact of outages this second quarter versus last year's second quarter. Now, this year you mentioned it's going to be $0.08 penalizing sequentially. If I'm not mistaken, last year, the impact was only $0.03 or so in terms of the sequential negative. This year, you said -- I think there's 30,000 tons of production that you're losing. Last year -- I want to say that the lost production was in the range of 20,000 tons or so, if you could confirm that. And then just give us a bit more color in terms of why this year's second quarter has that much more of an EPS impact, it'd be appreciated. And also Mark, do you have a goal for inventory regeneration or build this quarter that you could share with us?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'm going to let Rick handle the first part of that, and then we'll talk about the inventory.
Richard B. West: George, you're correct in your numbers, but I would point out 3 things, just as far as the maintenance outages and components of costs. You have basically 3 costs: the cost of the production losses; the costs of the operations being down, start up, shut down, conflicts in the traditional fuel cost while you're down and operating, continuing to operate the middle parts of it; and then the third part is the amortization of repair job costs. And what happened this year in the first quarter, we had a very abnormally low repair job amortization cost as a result of the Counce outage being in the last week of March. Basically, the repair job amortization cost in the first quarter was only $0.002. Now when you go into the second quarter, that number goes up to about $0.04. So that's really the big difference. This year, it's just the additional production losses compared to last year plus the amortization of repair jobs. If you look it in total for the first quarter, annual outages impacted us about $0.02 a share. In the second quarter, we expected to impact this $0.10 per share, thus, being the $0.08 difference, made up of the 2 components I talked about -- or 3 components. For the most part, the additional production losses, plus the additional repair job amortization, plus, to a lesser extent, operating costs. Now when you go to the third quarter, we do not have any production losses nor we have the incremental operating costs. You only have the repair job amortization. And with the timing from the second to the third quarter, that's probably less than 0.5% increase. So you're going to -- the pickup from the second to the third quarter from the annual outage impact is you get a $0.06 per share improvement going from the second quarter to the third quarter. So that's basically the math why it changes and why this year is so much, I would say, higher going from the first to the second, is both the timing of the outages and the repair job amortization is the big item.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Rick, that's great. I appreciate all the detail on that. On the inventory bill, do you have a goal that you'd like to hit for the second quarter that you can share with us?
Mark W. Kowlzan: George, we never really specifically quantify the goal. Obviously, we talked about our increased -- the number going up for the first quarter, that was our desire. And this being a heavy shutdown period, actually, you can assume that the inventory would be a draw down for, with that being said, a lot of that depends on how well the mill is run through the shutdown period and after the shutdown period. And also on export demand and export sales, so with that, but we never disclose the absolute inventory targets.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. I guess the last 2 questions I'll ask them in sequence and turn it over. One, from the demand trends that you saw, Tom, any signs that maybe customers are trying to get ahead of the price increase in April and that's why demand was a little bit better than expected? And then back to cost marketing, you saw 6% increase in cost this quarter in aggregate, certainly you delineated what those factors were. Should we anticipate that this is going to be the run rate, if you will, on cost performance for the company over the intermediate term?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: This is Tom, I'll take the first question. As far as demand trends, we're trying to -- or seeing if customers were trying to perhaps beat the increase by ordering early, I would say, no. The demand was very steady throughout the quarter. And as I mentioned, on the per work day basis, March jumps significantly but it's because of a 20-day month. So with that, I'll turn it over to Mark or Rick, and let you handle that second.
Richard B. West: In terms of the cost, George, if you look at the labor, what we said, 3 was from manual wage increases, 2 was from benefits and 1 was from variable based incentives. I would say on the first one, the $0.03 per share, you're probably going to get that every quarter going forward. The second one, on the incentives, that's going to drop off a little bit in the second quarter because as we said earlier, we pay a lot of our statutory based in...
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Let me just direct it, when you said incentives, you meant benefits?
Richard B. West: Benefits, excuse me. In benefits, they do drop off in the second quarter because of the FICA and other statutories that we'd reach certain levels for certain employees and we'd stop deducting. So that will possibly -- could go down. As far as the variable based incentives though, it depends on our final payout for the year. So I can't give you an answer on that. And the other items, we put into our forecast higher electricity for the second quarter, that's more driven by summer rate or rate increases. So that's hard to tell for the remainder of the year. And of course, recycled fiber and transportation, it depends on the price for recycled fiber and for the transportation diesel prices.
Paul T. Stecko: And the only think I'd add, George, this is Paul, on incentives. Our incentives are tied to the level of profitability and so there's a performance factor here. The more we make, the higher incentives go, the less they make, the lower they go. So obviously, they may go up, but consider that good news because that means we're doing very, very well. And that's the number you'd like to see go up, rather than down, because there's a huge leverage on that number and so we're hoping that number goes up because we're hoping to do even better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Tom, I wondered if you can talk a little more about that mix improvement that you saw. Is that kind of one-time thing? Or is there kind of just structurally a continuing trend in your mix moving up?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I'd say, Mark, there's a couple of things: I mean, one, is obviously we have -- we do have some seasonal mix changes with regard to the display and graphic side of the business. Those hit at various times and March is typically one of those times when it begins to ramp up. I would say in addition, I think that with the targeted customers we've had, the things we do for those customers, the value we add and some of the things we do and in addition to, I will call the normal course of business for those customers, that has proved to be -- it does pay better. And that does help improve our mix. We just have to carry out through the year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You've talked in the past about the interest in acquiring boxed plants. I'm just curious about what you're doing in terms of organic expansion and your converting capacity.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, the organic side of the business was -- the organic expansion and growth in our business was primarily driven by our strategic capital investments that we made, which were driven around a particular customer base. And as we pointed out before, these were primarily in facilities that we were out of capacity. We needed additional capacity to be able to grow with our customer base and we've done that and those have obviously paid nice dividends.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And are you actually adding any new facilities?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: No, we're not adding new facilities at this point in time. We will continue to do our strategic capital investments, but we'll continue to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. But if we need to rebuild, go new, consolidate, whatever, we consider all the above.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, the thing that I'd add and just amplify on the point that Tom made, we spent $40 million a year 2 years ago, $40 million last year, to complete this internal growth project. And we did add a new plant in Reading, Pennsylvania, which is doing very, very well. That was in a market where we needed capacity. And the returns have been very good, obviously, that's reflected in our numbers. And one of the reasons for that and the real advantage of internal growth, is that you may put a new piece of equipment in or a bigger piece of equipment. But based -- all the overhead is already amortized across your existing customer base. So those incremental tons of box business you bring in there, carry not only the normal profit, there's no overhead to observe. So the incremental profit levels are very good on these internal growth projects and we continue to look for more opportunities to do that. But our policy has been doing in regions where you know you have business and you need it, don't be speculative and just do it, we don't do it that way.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Okay, all right. Now last question I had is, Rick, can you just remind us, when we look into the fourth quarter, about how much should we assume for that Filer City outage?
Richard B. West: It's a little premature right now, Mark, to give that number. They're still trying to determine the scope for the Filer City outage. It's basically about a 5- to 7-day outage and you can calculate the tons. And then there'll be the repair job cost that will have to be amortized in the fourth quarter because you have to amortize all the cost after you have the outage. But at this point, we'll be able to give you a better update when we have the second quarter earnings call in July.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Gaffner from Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit about the potential for productivity and capacity creep in 2013. I think on the last call, we talked about it may be moderating back down to something closer to 1% the production in the first quarter can go a bit better than what we were expecting. Is there potential that capacity creep in 2013 could be greater than that 1%?
Richard B. West: I think the 1% is a number we're comfortable with, and I think that's a realistic number. That's a good number. There's a lot of activity around that, but the 1% is a number that we believe is realistic.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And going back to the capital allocation share repurchase question at the beginning, you're producing a significant amount of free cash flow here. If predictions around the industry are correct, you're going to continue to produce that free cash flow and potentially this chair has never pull back. I mean, at what point do we sort of move to a more normalized repurchase focus rather than waiting for the shares to pull back?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, as I said, this is Paul Stecko, as I said earlier on the call, we can only wait so long. And we're getting close to have and make a call on it because we cannot let the cash continue to build. And quite frankly, if the stock keeps moving up and we keep generating cash, that not only puts pressure on us to increase our share buyback, but to raise the dividend also because we do have some desire to continue to have a good yield. And it's great because the share price goes up, but that puts pressure on your yield. So the only way to fix that problem is to increase the dividend. And that's the kind of thing we're chewing on right now.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. And just lastly, when we look at your energy cost, specifically in the mill system, I think you mentioned higher coal prices earlier. What's sort of the mix now coal versus natural gas on the energy side?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Coal is -- I don't have that exact percentage, but it's very small amount right now. We burned a lot of natural gas over the last 1.5 year, so we can get back with you on the specifics.
Operator: Next question, Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First one is, the recent trade press has talked a lot about box customers putting more business out to bid [ph] here with the second price increase. So I guess I just have 2 questions on that. The first is are you seeing this at all and perhaps with some of the larger customers actually coming to you as an alternative supplier even more than normal in the last month or 2? And then the flip side of that question is with all this talk, do you have any concerns as to whether actually the full 30 per ton can get pass through to the back side?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Phil, it's Tom, I'll take that real quick. With regard to bids, the truth has always been the tranches. And you'll have some -- some will bid, many will not. The bids that are out there right now, most are in the, what I would call, the normal course of doing business. It's more timing than it is than anything else. Over all, I would say there's nothing really unusual with regard to what's going on in the bids. The speculating on the amount of the increase and that sort of stuff, when it comes to boxes, I mean, we don't do that kind of speculation so I can't really go there.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Then I guess just in terms of the actual number in the guidance for the second quarter, Rick, are you expecting some portion of the price increase on the box side in the second quarter? And is it fair to say that the full run rate of your expectation would kind of be in there by the July timeframe?
Richard B. West: I will only comment as to what we said in our press release and we did say that we expected higher prices in the second quarter, but the majority of the earnings benefit, as we said, would be from price increases, will be in the third quarter when our April container board price increase pass through to corrugated products is completed. So we did do have some of the price increase in there in the second quarter, but as we said earlier, the majority will be in the third quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Mark, you talked a lot about the improvement in mix from targeted customers. Can you tell us which part of your customer base is really showing you the best improvement right now? And second, a broader question, looking back over the years, your mix has always been quite different from the major producers. Is it getting more different these days based on both your behavior and the behavior of the major producers? Are you moving further away than where you normally would've thought of yourself?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, the first part of your question, we've seen improvement across the board. And yet if you look at our customer base in terms of national account type business, our top 30 accounts still account for roughly 30% of our business, that being the national account type of customers. And then the other 2/3 is the local accounts. We've grown with both the local accounts and the national accounts footprint. Tom, do you want to add anything to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. I would say, Mark, with regards to the mix I mean and in comparison to the rest of the industry, I can't really compare with the rest of the industry. I just know we do what we do and we do it well. And we pursue our targets, and that's what they do. It's proving to be good for PCA.
Operator: Next question from Al Ovshey from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When you look at the $0.23 benefit in the year-over-year basis from price and mix, is there a way to parse out what the benefit was from improved mix?
Richard B. West: Yes, there is. We rarely do that because it's hard to completely know a separate price and mix because they may buy different items. We may sell a thousand items to somebody and they may buy more of the higher priced items as opposed to something high-end graphics versus a plain brown box. So we take a guess at it and -- but the safest thing for us to do when we report it is to combine the 2 because we know the combined number is totally accurate. And if we break it in 2, there's some uncertainty around both numbers, so we do have an internal estimate of the difference and it's probably close, but we don't break them apart.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, I understand. And then if you think about your outlook for demand and the fact that we're entering a seasonally strong part, most demand inventories are pretty lean, you have the potential maintenance downtime scheduled for the quarter. Are you concerned that you may not be able to fully meet all the customer commitments that you have for the second quarter?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: We planned on that fact. And we also commented previously that we would move our export tonnage down to accommodate our domestic business. And so again, right now, we're not concerned. We plan on getting through this quarter and taking care of our customer base. And again, we will utilize the -- and rationalize the export side of the equation.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And I guess, Mark, used a very important word, plan. We could have built more inventory in the first quarter but we will have had to cut off some export customers. And we are dependable supplier so we told our customers, yes, you're going to get what we promised you in the first quarter. You may only get this much in the second quarter. If we have more productivity, then we put in our plan, we may be able to get you some more tons in the second quarter, but you ought to plan on this number for the second quarter. And so we made a decision to make sure we met all of our commitments in the first quarter and gave customers some notice so they can do some planning in the export. Because that is our bellows, that's where we can swing on our export tonnage. And we're hoping that productivity is better than we forecast, although, we have aggressive forecast. And what our customers knew a quarter in advance, what they could expect in the second quarter.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. In January, you projected both higher OCC and higher virgin fiber and we know that OCC turned out to be a $0.01 tailwind. How much did the higher virgin fiber expectation factor into your Q1 guidance?
Richard B. West: It was a minimal amount. This is Rick West. Going from into our first quarter, we don't break down every item, but it was not a great amount because we didn't think the weather would continue, but we were looking at the first quarter as basically a risk more so to our guidance with the wood cost continuing throughout the quarter. And we just want to make it clear when we gave the first quarter guidance, that that wasn't risk guidance. So not a substantial change from what was in the guidance, but more so a risk. When we started up the first part of January, we were suffering some very, very bad weather in that Counce area. It put some tremendous pressure on the wind basket in the Counce region and then by the latter part of January, the weather turned and improved and so, again, that risk factor was taken off the table.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got you. And then the second one, it sounds like your inventories are verging on being too low. Is that why the transportation costs go up because you're really moving from mill to mill? Because it seems like, otherwise, oil and gas prices are on the decline.
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's a combination. Primarily, though, diesel rates move up and down. But sure, quarter-to-quarter, we can move tonnage from plant to plant as need be. And as an example right now, we've got some transportation packed up in the Michigan area, with the flooding going on. And specifically, we're moving some tonnage out of rail into truck right now, with some of the rail lines being underwater up in Michigan for the next few weeks. So there's various activities but diesel fuel is usually the big driver.
Operator: Next question comes from Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Just a question on the, boy, the volume outperformance, you never seem to cease to amaze on the outperformance versus the industry. And I would have guessed that it's probably more than you would have thought last year. Do you think that this level of outperformance from what you can see thus far, would be sustainable throughout the remainder of the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: That's something we don't want to comment on from a forward point of view. Again, we stick to our plan and again, we've been very pleased with the outcome of our strategic efforts over the last 3 years in the boxed plants and the mills. So other than that, we really can't comment.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. But I will add one further comment on the volume expectations for the fourth quarter. It was strong stronger than we thought. Just driven by the macro economics, what you read in the paper, what's going on, what's going on in Washington? Is there going to be a drag on the economy, et cetera, et cetera. And you do factor some conservatism into your estimates, and the economy is trudging along better than we -- the papers will lead you to believe and I think that also translated into some better volume for us.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's great. And it sounds like, on a related question, I mean, I think it sounds like from the commentary, you're still thinking $50 million of investment for strategic investments in the boxed plants or acquisitions, do I have that right, that's still the number you're thinking this year? And if you continue to kind of grow at this rate, does that number need to go up?
Mark W. Kowlzan: The first part, the number is still accurate. We're still looking at that type of spend on boxed plant side. And again, we reserve the ability for Tom. If he comes forth with some great opportunities on acquisitions, we can discuss that matter with the board in a real time manner. At the same time, from a specific customer base opportunity, organic growth opportunity, we have the ability to support capital and growth in that manner, so, but the $50 million is still on plan right now.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay, final question, it's just with the April price hike. What are you hearing from customers in terms of light weighting? Are you hearing any accelerated appetite or desire for light weighting, given on the back of the second price hike now in 7 months?
Mark W. Kowlzan: That light weighting, that's not even in the equation. We don't hear that in our discussions. Tom, do you want to add anything to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: That's absolutely correct, Mark.
Operator: Next question comes from Philip Ng from Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A longer-term question, you guys have done a phenomenal job, outpacing the market from a gross standpoint on very consistent basis for some time now. But your mills are running very full-out right now and its creep capacity is closer to 1%. It would seem like you have to potentially stunt your growth down the road. I'm just curious, do you have any other growth projects in place that could de-bottleneck some container board capacity down the road?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Two parts to that question. Obviously, we'd lend in the commentary the ability to rationalize our export business where we need to supply the domestic piece of the business. And then it's a matter of capital. We stated this before, on various calls, how much investment do you need to make and are you willing to make for a ton of production. And so that's always on the table. And that opportunity always exist.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay, and just to add to that, we stated very clearly 2 years ago, our #1 priority is to increase our integration level from the low 80s to the low 90s. And we're working on that and we're not there yet, so we are not going to lose sight of that goal. And so in terms of de-bottlenecking mills, if the return was really attractive, yes, we've got some opportunities but that's not going to get in the way of our integration level goal.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then from a growth versus M&A, at least on the bolt-on side, how quickly did it take for you to bring on some of these organic projects just because we're getting close to the midpoint and you've obviously laid out, set forth $50 million give or take for some of these projects.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we said this on prior calls, both on the box plants and the mills, we always maintain a portfolio of opportunities. And we visit that during various times of the year, we look at the current opportunities and update that list and talk to the various group managements on where they see their needs and opportunities. So we always have a portfolio that can be acted upon very quickly and then brought to bear.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I guess just one last final question. Q1, you guys kind of mentioned how mix was better than expected, part of that was seasonal. Should we expect some of that mix benefit you saw in Q1 fade over the course of the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Tom, do you want to comment?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I think basically the part of the mix did improve. There's a part that's going to be pretty steady, they will continue throughout the year. And then there's a part that is seasonal. And as Paul alluded to earlier, it's very difficult to really break all those out and to be able to determine exactly what's what. But I think you've got a portion that will continue and you've got certainly a reasonable portion that is mix related.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 1 follow up here. If you look back over the last 15 years to when the company was LBOed, it just seems like the business has become more stable, kind of across the economic cycle. I just wonder if that's leading you to make any changes and how you think about managing the business or how you think about the right capital structure for the business?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, Mark, let me take that. You bring up a very, very interesting point and that is what's going to happen. Let's look a decade in advance. And I kid Mark and Tom a little bit. You guys, this next decade is going to be a lot better than the one that I had in 2000 until 2010, because corrugated growth is obviously stagnated for that decade, but we're very optimistic about the next decade. If the U.S. is going to get out of its employment dilemma, it's unemployment dilemma, I should say, the huge deficits. We think the only way that can happen is better economic growth in the U.S. Some rebirth to manufacturing and there's anecdotal evidence that, that's going on all over. And if we're right, that bodes well for the next decade in corrugated, then that will modify some of the things that you need to do going forward. And we're also strong believers in the fact that if China continues to grow, the world is going to run out of recycled fiber and we like our position of being a virgin producer. That bodes well for us, both domestically and internationally. And so a lot has changed in those, it's not quite 15 years, but it's getting up there. And we think it's for the better for the industry. So that will make some changes. And that's one of the things that Mark and Tom recognized, spend a lot of time talking about. Not so much the short term, but where we're going to be at the end of the next decade. Not that we have specific plans we like where we are, but there's some issues that we have to plan for and deal with. But our feeling is the next decade, for not only us, the entire industry is going to be a lot better in the decade, from when we went private in '99 to 2009. That was a tough decade.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Would you agree that it does seem like the business has become a bit more stable across the cycle?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Absolutely.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark W. Kowlzan: With there being no more questions, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call, and look forward to seeing you on the second quarter call, and thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference. This concludes the program, you may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Steve Aragon Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mike Adler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Results Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. This morning, we reported fourth quarter 2012 net income of $61 million or $0.63 per share. The reported results included net income of $3 million or $0.03 per share from state income tax adjustments related to cellulosic biofuel tax credits and after tax charges of $1 million, or $0.01 per share from plant closures. Excluding these items, net income was $59 million, or $0.61 per share, compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 net income of $39 million or $0.40 per share. The $0.21 per share increase in earnings, excluding these special items, were driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products price and mix of $0.12; higher volume, $0.09, and lower costs for recycled fiber, $0.04; and energy, $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher costs for labor and benefits of $0.05, including incentive compensation related to record earnings. Full year earnings, excluding special items, were $201 million, or $2.06 per share, compared to 2011 earnings of $162 million or $1.61 per share. The $0.45 per share increase in earnings was driven by higher volume of $0.33, and price and mix of $0.06; lower costs for energy, $0.17; recycled fiber, $0.12, and chemicals, $0.05; and a lower share count, $0.05. These items were partially offset by higher costs for labor and benefits of $0.14; depreciation, $0.08; interest expense, $0.06; and transportation; $0.05. Net sales in the fourth quarter were $737 million, up 13% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. And full year net sales were a record $2.844 billion, up 9% over 2011. Overall, we had another strong quarter, setting all-time quarterly records for sales, earnings and shipments, despite about 10 box plants in the East and Midwest being impacted more than usual by severe weather conditions. Our corrugated products demand was strong throughout the quarter, and our corrugated products price increase went through as planned. Moving to more details for the quarter, our corrugated shipments were up 5.8% on a per workday basis compared to last year's fourth quarter, including 2.1% from box plant acquisitions and up 7.6% in total, with 1 more shipping day this quarter. Our shipments per workday were up each month for the quarter compared to last year. And in November, we set an all-time record for any month in shipments per workday, both including and excluding acquisitions. For the year, our corrugated shipments were up 6.6%, both in total and per workday, with the same number of workdays as in 2011. Of the 6.6% increase, 3% was from box plant acquisitions. Our domestic and export containerboard sales demand remained strong. However, with our increasing integration level and to maintain containerboard inventories at targeted levels, we did sell fewer tons into the export market compared to both last year's fourth quarter and the third quarter of this year. Our export shipments of containerboard were about 8,000 tons lower than last year's fourth quarter, and about 17,000 tons lower than the third quarter of this year. Domestic containerboard sales were down about 2,000 tons compared to both the fourth quarter of last year and the third quarter of this year. Our mills produced 652,500 tons of containerboard, up 12,000 tons over the fourth quarter of 2011. The higher production was driven primarily by capacity increases resulting from the energy projects at our Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mills. But it's worth noting that all 4 of our mills set all-time production records for the year, producing 2.6 million tons and ran at essentially 100% of capacity. We ended the year with containerboard inventories, up 6,000 tons compared to the end of 2011, as we needed to begin to build some additional inventory in advance of the 2013 annual maintenance outages. We've adjusted our mill annual maintenance outage schedule in 2013 to better optimize inventory levels, and also to accommodate the scheduled delivery of critical items needed for the outages. The only maintenance outage in the first quarter will be the No. 2 paper machine at Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill, which will be down for 5 days in March, reducing production by 7,000 tons and also increasing operating costs. The majority of our maintenance downtime will occur in the second quarter, when we complete our Counce outage, and also have our Valdosta, Georgia, linerboard mill and our Tomahawk, Wisconsin, corrugating medium mill down for their annual maintenance outages. There are also 2 less calendar days in the first quarter, which will lower mill production by about 7,000 -- 15,000 tons compared to the fourth quarter. And there's 1 less day compared to last year because 2012 was a leap year. We will need to build some additional containerboard inventory in the first quarter to cover our second quarter maintenance outages. This will impact first quarter earnings, but earnings from these tons will be recognized in the second quarter when they are sold. On the box side of the business, there are 2 less workdays than the first quarter of last year. Looking at pricing, we completed our corrugated products price increase as planned. In total, we achieved the full pass of the containerboard price increase to boxes. From an average price standpoint, we realized about 2/3 of the total earnings benefit of the box price increases in the fourth quarter, and we realized essentially all of the remaining benefit of the price increases in the first quarter. Moving to costs, lower recycled fiber costs improved earnings by $0.04 per share, as the industry published prices for old corrugated containers, or OCC. Excluding delivery costs, we're down about $35 a ton in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Our wood costs for both the fourth quarter and the full year were essentially flat with 2011, and we're also able to complete our annual winter wood inventory build in the fourth quarter. Since early January, a pattern of extremely wet weather in the mid-South has begun to put pressure on wood costs and availability. Our wood inventories are declining, and the extent of the earnings impact from the wet weather in the first quarter will depend on how long the weather pattern persists. Energy costs were down $0.02 per share compared to last year's fourth quarter, driven mostly by the energy project and lower natural gas costs in our box plants. Finally, labor and benefits were up $0.05 per share compared to last year's fourth quarter, including the cost for higher incentive payouts associated with the record earnings. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give an update on our generation and uses of cash and taxes.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the fourth quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $153 million, including the positive working capital change of $25 million. Capital expenditures were $34 million for the quarter, and for the full year, were $129 million. We also spent, during 2012, $35 million for box plant acquisitions. We paid both our October quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $24.5 million and also paid our normal January dividend in December for $24.5 million. We repurchased 103,000 shares of our common stock during the fourth quarter for about $35.35 per share or $4 million. And for the year, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $45 million at an average price of $29.95 per share. As of December 31, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.4 million shares. Cash tax payments of $200,000 were made during the quarter for state income taxes and fuel credits of $3 million were used to offset federal taxes. We have estimated remaining fuel tax credits of up to $76 million. We ended the fourth quarter with $207 million in cash, up $66 million from our third quarter ending cash. Our guidance at the end of the fourth quarter was $794 million. Before I turn it back over to Mark, I have a few estimates for certain 2013 items. We expect capital expenditures in 2013 to be about $120 million. We also may consider spending up to an additional $50 million for either box plant acquisitions or strategic investments in our existing box plants. Preliminary 2013 pension funding and expense estimates, including other post-retirement benefits, are about $31 million and $40 million, respectively. In terms of cash taxes, after the remaining tax credits are used, our tax -- cash tax rate will go back to about 35%. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate in taxes paid, in both 2012 and 2013, is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. Our effective tax rate for income statement purposes is expected to be about 36% in 2013, based on current federal and state tax laws. Our debt pay down, under our $135 million term loan outstanding, will be $15 million in 2013. We currently have no plans to pay down any additional debt in 2013. Based on current interest rates, our cash interest payments in 2013 are expected to be $32 million, and interest expense will be $38 million, with a $6 million difference between payments and expense due to the amortization of debt refinancing charges. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Before I move to the first quarter outlook, to sum up 2012, we set several records for both operations and financial results, driven by better-than-expected earnings benefits from our major energy project at our Counce, Tennessee, and Valdosta, Georgia, linerboards mills, and record corrugated product shipments, driven by our ability to provide value to our customers and strategic investments we've made in our existing box plants, as well as our acquisitions. Based on our strong financial position and the results in 2012, PCA announced on January 14, 2013, an increase in the quarterly cash dividend on our stock, from an annual payout of $1 per share to $1.25 per share, a 25% increase. Looking ahead to the first quarter, as I mentioned earlier, we expect lower containerboard production and higher operating costs compared to the fourth quarter, with 2 less mill production days and annual maintenance downtime. We also expect higher energy costs with colder weather, and a pattern of extremely wet weather in the South is putting pressure on wood costs and availability. Corrugated products volume will be seasonally lower, and we expect higher costs for recycled fiber and labor and benefits. These items will be partially offset by higher average corrugated products prices, with a full quarter of realization of our fourth quarter price increases. Considering all of these items, we currently estimate our first quarter earnings at about $0.56 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors on our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to take questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The first question I had, can you give us the traditional rundown on what your bookings and billings look like early in the first quarter, recognizing it's still early?
Richard B. West: Yes. George, for the first 11 days, from the bookings point of view, we were up 4.5%, billings, 3.5%. As the month goes on, bookings and billings equalize of, again, 4.5% and 3.5% for the first 11 days of January. And George, I might add, that's maybe 1% better than we expected because that's a per workday number. And we have 2 fewer workdays in the first quarter, so that will affect the total number. So it's good, but it's not as good as it sounds because there are less workdays in the first quarter, which will affect the total number. But we're a little better than we expected coming out of the shoot.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. It's consistent with some of the other things that we've seen in our work. I guess second question I had is around the box plant network and vertical integration. I was hoping, given it's the end of the year, that you're reporting that you can give us an update on actually where your vertical integration was for the year? And can you comment a little bit on the plant closure that I guess you did in the fourth quarter and how they relate to the overall network?
Mark W. Kowlzan: On -- regarding integration, for the fourth quarter, we are 83.5% integrated. Full year, it's just under 83% to 82.5% full year. And then again -- what was your second question? I'm sorry.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, that was basically it. Just the plant closures, since you need the capacity to some degree, this thing that you're going to invest, what was behind the actual plant closing this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We have 1 plant in the Southeast that for a period of time, we had -- quite frankly, we had had a customer that was no longer part of that mix. And so we had an opportunity, it's a very small plant, but we had an opportunity, to shift that volume into another plant in a nearby region. And basically, the total plant closure cost, we did have another plant in the Midwest that was not a plant closure, per se, but we did some modification to the buildings and took some write-off regarding building demolition.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Last one and I'll turn it over. I know there were some incentive comp in the $0.05 in the fourth quarter in terms of higher labor and benefit costs, but is that a run rate, let's call it $0.04, or how would you have us think about it that we should think about for the rest of, well, for 2013 on a quarterly basis?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Paul, you want to get...
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, since I still look at compensation, that number was between $0.02 and $0.03 in the fourth quarter. We had an all-time payout on our incentive compensation plan as we beat our all-time record earnings by 27%. What that number will be in the future will depend on what our level of earnings will be. So our incentive compensation plan has a feature that I would define as affordability. When you're making a lot of money, you can afford to pay higher bonuses, and when you don’t, you can't. And then we have some performance criteria, both external and internal. So the answer to your question is, it will be a function of our earnings this year. And it's not necessarily a run rate number. It will follow, as I said, our earnings. As they go higher, then there's a high probability we'll pay out more. And if our earnings go lower, there's high probability we'll pay out less. So it's not a run rate number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question, can you give us a little bit of direction between the downtime impact? You gave us the first quarter and mentioned the 1 machine at Counce, but how much more in terms of tons will we see in the second quarter versus the, I guess, the 7,000 we'll see from that outage in the first?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, the first quarter was the Counce machine going down. You're going to see directly, say, 7,000 tons come out of the system with the Counce machine down. But also, by moving the remainder of Counce into the second quarter, basically, the first quarter is about equal to the second quarter when you look at the difference in the number of days with the leap year effect, again, because with the added day last year, that leap year added in, say, another 7,000-plus tons. So in essence, first quarter, second quarter, will be about the same as far as tons impact.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And I guess as a related question, could you maybe give us either the final kind of score? I know you were seeing some continued gains from the energy projects and it's been a while, I guess it was November '11 -- 2011, when you completed them. But what -- where that stands in terms of how you see the savings, either EPS or EBITDA-wise? And then how much more there might still be, if any, in 2013?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, as we said on the third quarter call, we expected $0.37 for the year. And we achieved that. As far as any incremental benefits going forward, we don't expect to see any. So again, the project achieved more than we had expected, and as we talked last year, to the second, third quarter calls, we are very comfortable with that $0.37 contribution from the projects.
Richard B. West: The only change to that, Chip, is if energy prices would spike and go up, we're going to see benefits in terms of cost avoidance because basically, we buy no fossil fuel at Valdosta, everything's self-generated. But that's a cost avoidance. It will protect earnings from going down, it won't add to earnings. And I guess the only other thing, we usually can creep capacity at about a 1% a year. This project will probably enable us to be able to do that. And we couldn't have done that without this project. So we may get another, but we're talking maybe 1% of capacity in terms of being able to creep, so you could theoretically say, well, you couldn't have done that without the project. But basically, as Mark said, we've got essentially all of our earnings out of this, with the big proviso, so it does give us cost avoidance protection.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you, and this is the last quick one. Is -- you mentioned how stable the wood prices have been, wood cost, and as we go into 2013 and beyond, they're different forces at play, whether it would be, I would guess, higher chip availability with lumber coming back. But then again, you've got these alternative energy-type plants being built, pellet plants. So what do you sort of see for your wood costs, percentage increases, we look out this year, and maybe even into the next year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, Chip, just looking at -- coming into this 2013, we're pretty comfortable and our wood costs were flat through the year. We did our winter wood build at Counce, and again, very comfortable with where we were. However, during that Christmas period, we started to see a weather pattern shift through the South and a lot of the heavy rains starting to move up from Texas to Louisiana into the mid-South. So we were impacted pretty dramatically for about a 3.5 week period. And that forced us to start consuming our winter wood build at a much more rapid rate than normal. And so that's one of the primary reasons we've talked about wood cost going up on the short term. Again, we've had a reprieve this week, weather is better. The other regions, we're not seeing any of the impact as far as anything unusual. As far as sawmills and chips, we have seen an uptick in availability of chips, residual chips available at our Northern mills and our Southern mills. So again, as far as anything that's out on the horizon, if the weather behaves itself and gets back into a normal pattern, then there's nothing that should move wood costs either way. So we're not expecting anything dramatic, in that regard.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I guess, Chip, this is Paul. The only thing I'd add. I mean, you've said the 2 variables. As wood products improves, there is going to be chip availability, which is definitely a plus. And then there's the uncertainty of these pellet wood plants that could or could not come online, and once more, a short term earlier than the others, a little more long term. So I would say, if you look at the cut rate versus the growth rate, it's pretty good. The question is, can chip plants start to eat into that balance? And most of it -- those -- I mean, pellets, not chips. And most of the pallets are going offshore to Europe and places like that for environmental reasons, for subsidized energy. And the question is, will that continue, will Europe continue to subsidize energy, when they've got problems in terms of costs, Greece, Spain, et cetera. And what will happen in the long term? Will economics prevail, or will government subsidy prevail? And that's probably the most important variable, and that's a tough one to call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Steve Aragon: This is Steve Aragon filling in for Mark Connelly. My first question goes back to fiber costs. It sounds like you're expecting a wetter-than-normal weather in the South, so higher than usual fiber costs, but the EPS progression from fourth to first looks pretty normal. What's offsetting these extra headwinds? I know you mentioned price, but is there anything else there?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, besides the wet weather, we're in -- it's a colder weather period. We're seeing the colder temperatures up North that we haven't seen for a few years, so the -- energy use, in particular, is going to be higher. And then again, we just don’t know what this winter weather, as far as the rain is going to do. Rick, do you want to elaborate on any of the other changes?
Richard B. West: Yes, I think, rather than looking at fourth quarter '12 to 1Q '13, I think it's a little simpler to look at 1Q '12 to 1Q '13. If you look on that basis, we made $0.42 per share in the first quarter of 2012. With the production day and corrugated product workday difference, the volume that we'll produce and ship in the first quarter of 2013 versus the first quarter of 2012 is expected to be essentially the same. So the second item is cost. You're going to have your normal year-over-year increases in merit and benefits, et cetera, so say that's $0.03 negative, that would take you down to $0.39. We said in the fourth quarter, we recognized about $0.12 per share in price and mix, and it was 2/3 of the total benefit. So you divide that by 2/3, you get $0.18. You add the $0.39 plus the $0.18 for price, that gets you to $0.57, then some of these weather things that are unusual, you back off $0.01, that gets you to our guidance of $0.56. So that's a very simplistic way to look at the change in earnings and our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on the capital allocation side of things. For the year, you guys bought back $45 million of stock, and Paul, I kind of asked about this last quarter, so I just want to follow up again about as to how you're thinking about things as we enter 2013. If things are more stable out there, would you guys be looking to buy back more stock this year given the cash flow?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I wish things were more stable out there. We would like to buy stock more continually. We've been opportunistic. We didn't buy a lot in the fourth quarter because of the impending "financial cliff." Fairly, uncertain time. We faced the same thing to some extent in the first quarter with the debt ceiling and what its effects it will have on macroeconomics and the stock market in general. So we're waiting for a little more stable time to be more consistent buyers, and if there's any volatility that we think unfairly hits our stock, we're well prepared to be able to take advantage of that. And like you, we're hoping for more stable times, it makes buying stock back a little easier. And that's the best way I can say it, we're not -- we don't have a long-term strategy right now. We have a short-term strategy that still tries to be a little opportunistic. And we'll move to a longer strategy when things get a little more stable.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then on the inventory front, just where you guys are exiting in the year, I know you're talking about building some on the first quarter as -- from a maintenance standpoint. But do you feel comfortable just kind of on a longer-term basis whereas where your inventory levels are right now?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, as we finished up the year, quite frankly, we had hoped to be able to build some inventory with the Christmas storms that took place. We actually ended up with a few thousand tons more than we had planned on. But quite frankly, with the fact that the dynamics are different now during the latter part of the fourth quarter for the last few years, we don't see the December slump like we used to so demand is fairly constant, which again, from going back historically we're used to see an inventory bulge that you'd want to work off during that early part of the -- first part of the year. You don't see that anymore. So again, it creates the necessity to build that inventory that can sustain us through this shutdown period. So it's important that we build an inventory. We're pretty much where we want to be right now. So again, we've spaced out these shutdowns, and that's again, one of the factors that we've looked at as where we take these shutdowns now and space it a little bit longer through the first and second quarter to better accommodate the cut off needs and the mill capabilities during the first part of the year. So regarding that, again, I think where we are at right now in January, inventories are pretty close to where we want them.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last question, your major investments are now basically done at the existing mills, you've got the savings locked in. And so, I guess, I'm just wondering from a footprint standpoint, how you're thinking about things moving forward? Is the idea of adding more mills to the system something that you'd be considering at this point or just how you think about that strategically?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, just to go back and review. We've talked through the last couple of years about our integration plans moving from the low 80s up to the low 90s, 90% to 92%, 93%. And that remains our focus. And so Tom's been able to create some good opportunities with box plant acquisitions and the organic opportunities with the capital spending from 6 of our plants. But nevertheless, again, we remain focused on that integration plan. We currently -- again, you've heard Paul say this, I've said it, if an opportunity came along and the right price, we'd consider mill acquisitions. That's always something you'd have to consider right now. Again, that's again, our priority is the integration plan.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. And I'd add, we're not looking for diversion here. Our goal is get to 90-plus percent integration, and that is our main focus.
Operator: It's from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Rick, I appreciated the bridge you did of -- from 1Q '13 versus 1Q '12, and I understand that, if we did look though at 4Q to 1Q, it seemed that you had implicitly suggested there'd be about $0.06 positive on pricing mix. And since the number is gone -- going down $0.05, you add the $0.06 to the $0.05, it looks like there's about $0.11 seasonal flash cost variance for Q2, 1Q. Could you help us understand a little bit better what the components are because it seems to be more than the normal seasonal. So whatever you can do to help us out there, that would be great.
Richard B. West: Well, I didn't say it was more than normal. Just to walk you through some of the items. Let's just say colder weather, energy, wet weather, $0.04. We do have statutory benefits that start back up in the first quarter which is more of a timing item, that's about $0.025 to $0.03. Then you have your normal year-over-year increase in wages and some fringes increase which is about $0.025 to $0.03. Then you're looking at recycled fiber, on average, being up about $0.01 a share. And you've got some offsets with different things, inventory, a little less maintenance expense with not as many outages in the first quarter. And then you've got some seasonal volume related, as we said, corrugated products volume will be down the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. But essentially, the same in total year-over-year. So that may have been about, $0.03. So that gets you down to our guidance of $0.56. I think the real difference this year is the more seasonality of the corrugated products volume with less work days than last year. And we had a leap year last year, we don't have one this year. Leap years are good.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Right. I'm sorry, what's the statutory benefits you're talking about versus the other benefits?
Richard B. West: The statutory benefits, your [indiscernible], your [indiscernible], your [indiscernible], people pay those out as they go through the year. So you have a lot of those paid out by the fourth quarter, but you're not getting the expense. And then when you start up in the first quarter, you begin that expense again.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then does that go back down again in the second quarter or that's just at a higher level versus...
Richard B. West: It goes back down throughout the year as people pay out their benefit requirements for the statutory fringes.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, so presumably a typical normal year, you would see much of the energy cost weather-related stuff come back in the second quarter, you would see the statutory benefits and the other benefits also come back, is that fair?
Richard B. West: I would say that's a fair, fair assessment. But not all -- it's not necessarily -- it will depend on your rate of pay, the Social Security's capped at $100,000-some, once you get there, some people will get there in the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. And that thing, it decays over the year in terms of payment and until you have reached the minimums. But in the first quarter, you take a full hit.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, and then obviously your seasonal volumes typically get better?
Richard B. West: That's correct. The only thing that goes up is your maintenance expense for outages. That increase because we amortize them over the remainder of the year after they occur.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Well, and on that, you had mentioned that you're going to be building some inventory in the first quarter, but that the sales wouldn't get booked until the second quarter. If you were to sell that production in the first quarter, is that a meaningful difference to what the earnings would be?
Richard B. West: Rough number, $0.01 or so.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And so how much does maintenance go up, second quarter versus first quarter, order of magnitude, earnings last?
Richard B. West: Really, at this point, Mark, we haven't finalized those numbers as we're completing the total cost of our annual shutdown so I would be reluctant to give you that number at this time.
Paul T. Stecko: And Mark, our current practice is we give guidance a quarter at a time, we're not going to start giving estimates for the second, third, fourth quarter on things. So they're just too difficult to make. One quarter at a time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions. First, can you talk a little bit about the sort of net impact from the hurricane because it sounded like you had some box plants that might have lost a little volume, but at the same time, you said that it's a record shipping month in November for you.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, Mark, I'm going to let Tom expand on that one because we had a few different storm events taking place.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, the net impact from Sandy, that impacted a number of our plants, and then additionally, we had the 2 snow storms that came through the Midwest. All in all, that was about $0.01 a share. The difficulty there is estimating, okay if you lose a little bit of business because you shut down, does any of that come back. Typically, if you've got our plants down and our customers' plants down, you're going to lose some sales as a result of that. So that won't show up in the following year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, but just to be clear, Tom, you did say November was an all-time record month for you guys. Is that right?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Right.
Paul T. Stecko: And I'd add, Mark, I know you're not a weatherman, but Sandy was in October. And the bad storms were in December. So we had good weather in November, which allowed that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and then the other question I had, just -- can you just recap for us again that maintenance that's going to be going on in the second quarter. I know -- if you don't -- can't give us a cost or anything, that's fine. But just to recap for us, what is actually going to be out in the second quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. Again, what we'll do is we're going to complete the Counce outage in April. During that same period of time, we're going to have the Tomahawk mill down in April this year. And then in May, we'll take Valdosta down and complete its annual shutdown in May. And so those are the 3 shutdowns. And just so everyone understands, again, the Filer City mill will not go down until October of this year. We've moved it up to October. We got the flexibility now with the energy infrastructure systems at Filer.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And Mark, if we just went back and looked at sort of what normally happens in terms of these maintenance outages at the 3 mills you've mentioned, is that going to be a pretty good indicator of what we should see this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, this year, again, there's just normal outages, mainly inspections. We're not into a lot of big capital upgrades. So this year, it's just routine work, take the mills down, inspect, repair, get them buttoned back up and run again.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. And Mark, we only give downtime forecast one quarter in advance for various reasons. So we could tell you what's down and the next quarter, when we have the same call, we'll tell you how many tons for the quarter. We don't do it more than a quarter in advance.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I think we all understand that. I was just trying to make sure that we were doing as well as we could in terms of calibrating that bridge going into second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is of Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Your CapEx, $129 million this year, I think it's a tad higher than what's you're shooting for next year. Can you just remind us as was there any carryover expenses from the energy projects or was there anything that kind of caused that number to be a little bit higher this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, we said that we'd spend $120 million of normal CapEx between the mills and box plants. And then we have said that on the strategic side, primarily the box plants, we'd set aside perhaps $50 million or $60 million per ton to look at potential acquisitions, strategic opportunities. And so that $9 million, the $129 million, from $120 million to $129 million, is basically strategic opportunity spending that took place. But we have the one acquisition for the year, and so again, we'd looked at some of the opportunities. And one of the opportunities also was Valdosta, with some, again, strategic capability upgrades. So that $9 million differential was strategic opportunity spending.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. And Anthony, Paul. Just on that point Mark is making. That is just kind of a -- I think it's an interesting anecdote, the way we approach capital spending, minimum effective design, we try not to make sure that things are gold plated when we did the energy project at Valdosta, there's about 5 or 6 things we've could've also done. We assessed the probability of meeting them and the probability on most of these items was 20% and 30%, so we didn't do any of them. And when we get done with the project, they'll always find some things that don't go exactly like you like. And this was a positive one. We were able -- the boiler did better than we thought. And we were able to get out more electricity, and that created a problem. We didn't have enough steam. We looked at it and said, "Hey, the biggest steam user in the mill is the fan pump drive." It's a steam driven pump and we decided it's a -- would be the biggest motor in the bill, so we decided to spend $1 million this year to put in an electric drive instead of a steam drive, that's a $1 million motor. But the payback is $1 million, so 1 year payback. But the whole point of the discussion is that we really do minimum effective design and if you missed something, then you only fix the things that you missed, you didn't put in 5 other things you didn't need. So we'll get a very high return on that. And that's in at numbers that could have been part of the project but it wasn't.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just a related question. You referenced the 90% integration goal. When you think big picture over the next 2 to 3 years, do you think you'd get to that 90% mostly through those kinds of strategic spending and strategic initiatives? Or do you get it from the box plant acquisitions, or how should we think about those kind of buckets as you move towards the 90%?
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's a combination. If you look at the benefits of the strategic spending that was completed in 2011, which was a 2010, 2011 spend in the box plants that are half dozen of our plants where we upgraded their capabilities, and then you look at the acquisitions, basically, the incremental volume that we saw in 2012, half of it came from the organic capability in the box plant, half of it came from acquisitions. And so we'll continue that trajectory. And Tom's always looking at acquisition opportunities. And some of that $9 million, that $129 million of capital, some of that $9 million Tom applied at a number of the box plants and strategic pieces of capital that will enable, again, better organic support for customer base.
Operator: Scott Gaffner Of Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was just curious, the -- you talked about the strong results in November, sort of continuing then into the first quarter a little bit better than expected. Can you talk from a end market demand perspective. Are you seeing any increased demand from housing-related industries or anything related to better industrial production?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Tom, why don’t you look at that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Okay. Yes, I think there's some pick up in the economy, I don't think there's any question about that. It's certainly not what I call booming, but I think there is some pick up that's -- it's steady. The housing industry obviously, the numbers are much better. And of course, that will drive a lot of residual customers towards increasing their purchases. So I think that's one of the tailwinds we have going forward.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And longer-term, you've talked about the return of your manufacturing jobs and factories to North America. Are you seeing that currently? Is that starting to impact the results or anything you could provide there on the longer-term outlook for that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I wouldn't say there's an immediate impact of results but it certainly is encouraging what Walmart has just decided to do. With setting aside a major amount of purchase in hundreds of billion of dollars towards helping assure that there is some re-shoring of manufacturing to this country. So I'm sure that got the attention of many of our customers and that will bode well for our business going forward.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, the -- throughout the whole price increase discussion that just occurred, and some of the changes in consolidation in the industry over the last 2 years, have you seen any meaningful shift in share particularly in the fourth quarter?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: We're not really in a position to comment about that.
Operator: The next question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Your mills obviously ran very well, it ran close to 100%. Is that 2.6 million number -- production number sustainable and should we assume like a 1% supply creep for 2013?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, the 2.6 million tons is sustainable and with continued discrete investments to support that, 0.5%, 1% is achievable. Again, it depends, again, we've said this before, it's all about how much capital do you want to spend or do you need to spend. But we feel good that the -- that number is sustainable and we can continue to grow at a very conservative ratio.
Richard B. West: And just a caveat on that. The way it normally works is, after you get done with an annual maintenance outage, everything is in tip-top shape. And you could probably run in our system, 102%, 103%, 104% of capacity. And then, you'll lose that ability over the next 12 months as you -- as things wear and you'll get down to less than 100% of capacity like 98%. Counce, for example, ran less than less than full capacity in the fourth quarter because it's at the end of its cycle. And so it's not a linear phenomenon. And the other thing it's not -- we had no major problems in 2012 in our mill system. You have your normal day-to-day, but nothing, no big boiler problems, et cetera. So that has the one caveat, knock on wood, that you don't have a major problem because that would impair your ability to run at 100%. So in a normal year, without any major problems, yes, it's sustainable.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I got you. Are there any other major projects on the horizon that you could actually debottle more incremental capacity than the normal 1%?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, currently we're not looking at anything big. It's just the day-to-day's -- the things that address cost, reliability, maintaining our uptime, but right now we don't have any big -- nothing of the magnitude of the big energy projects. And you can always come up with projects, that'll be expensive, and just a matter of money, and right now, we want to spend our money and get to 90-plus percent integration level.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I got you. Did you provide some color on inflation on the wood fiber component, what about some of the other major pieces like chemicals cost and starch?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Looking at the first quarter, we didn't see anything in the chemical-related area. And it's more so the normal year-over-year increases in the annual wages, et cetera, and benefits. So that's the biggest one from an inflation standpoint, a little bit on recycled fiber, as I've said earlier.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. I just want to get a sense from your perspective of the state of the market. It sounds like you're generally a little more upbeat about demand. This time last year we saw some leakage on the pricing export and some spot discounting, but it sounds like the market is much tighter right now. I just want to get to your takeaway.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think you described it very well, Philip. It's a -- it's certainly better than it was a year ago. Things are pretty tight. Export market, demand remained very strong. So on an overall basis, I think that the market itself is in pretty good shape.
Operator: Comes from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: As I look at the earnings work from '11 to '12, it looks like volume benefited earnings by more than $0.30, if my models are right. I think you said half of that was acquisition, the other half was organic volume growth. So on the organic side, it's still a very meaningful contribution to earnings in '12 despite the overall industry being flat from a volume point of view. So as we look at '13 and you look at your book of business and the conversations you're having with customers, any color you can provide on how we should think about the benefit that volume could provide to earnings in '13?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We really are not in the position to get in to that. We talk one quarter at a time. So, but the first part of your discussion on the volume, you were correct in your assumption on what the contribution was from volume for the year. But again, moving into anything but this quarter. We're not...
Paul T. Stecko: And it's Paul. The only thing I would add is, as Mark said, we give volume guidance a quarter, any guidance a quarter at a time. But if look at our long track record, 10 years, you can see that we've outgrown the industry considerably, and obviously, that still remains one of our objectives.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Thanks, Paul. And on the export side, can you just talk about the current demand trend you're seeing out there, and whether or not you expect any mix shift between the normal amount of tonnage that you ship with the export versus what you expect to see in 2013.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. As I just mentioned a few minutes ago, the export demand remains very strong. And of course, they're going through a price increase right now, our announced price increase is $60 a euro and that's on recycled. So things are moving up there as well in Europe, and Latin America remains very strong, as well as South America. So I think that as we've talked before, we exported over 250,000 tons, and some of that is going to go to our integration. So that's -- we're not as we've talked before, large exporters, and that we concentrate on a couple of markets. That's all I can really can't comment on. And I think that the worldwide demand is still quite good.
Paul T. Stecko: Just to amplify what Tom said, this is Paul Stecko again. 250,000 tons last year, some of those tons will be needed in our own box plants this year. So we're not as dependent on export as many of our competitors are and will become less dependent on export overtime.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so the last question. There is a number of capacity conversions in the wings and containerboard, I think most of them are from newsprint to containerboard. I'm curious if you have any thoughts around whether our conversion from newsprint to linerboard would be accepted in the marketplace whether you've seen examples where it's been accepted in the marketplace, and just general thoughts around the conversions that are happening from newsprint to containerboard?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Paul, why don't you to talk to that. You've been studying that one for the last year or so.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. We've got a lot of questions on that, the problem with answering the question, it's in our discussion because it's very complicated, so I'm going to try to keep it simple and short. I mean there's a lot of variables, no 2 machines are alike. When you try to convert a newsprint machine, you're faced with probably running way at the low end of the weight spectrum. And some which grades are only exportable or aren't consumed in the U.S. And the more money you put into a machine, the more flexibility you can get with regard to weight range, you just have to change more things, so it's all over the map. But the bigger problem with newsprint conversions is that, newsprints primarily uses a lot of hardwood, a lot of ground wood, and you need softwood to make a linerboard. And so, you can have a newsprint mill but there are no trees there to make the pulp from which is a problem. So then you're faced with using recycled fiber, and again, the problem there is most of the newsprint machines are -- would be big, and you'd need a lot of recycled fiber. So you've got some cost exposure and then you got availability exposure because you've got a newsprint machine were there a lot of trees, but not a lot of boxes. Ideally, a recycled mill is going to be someplace like Chicago, New York, were there are a lot of boxes. So fiber doesn't match up really well. That said, there will be some conversions. I think over the next decade, with some re-shoring, and if this economy is going to grow and help with the debt situation, more containerboard capacity will be needed in the U.S. and certainly some conversions will be viable. But it's a very complicated thing, and the ones that we have looked at, there's a lot more -- there's no chance of a conversion that can be converted. So there may be a few gems out there, but in our opinion, there's few and far between.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Mattson of Goldman Sachs.
Mike Adler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I'm -- assuming I'm -- I'm sorry, this is Mike Adler speaking for Carly Mattson. I assume that you were holding $50 million per acquisitions earlier in the call. But could you frame us how you view the opportunities within the broader containerboard space for M&A specifically, is there room for more broad scale M&A, either from a strategic perspective or maybe from a financial buyer and what role could a packaging corp. play there.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, let me answer that. We can't answer that question. We would not want to share that information with any of our competitors. What we're doing in M&A, we like to keep to ourselves for competitive advantages. So that's just a subject that is not appropriate for general discussion. Sorry about that, but that's the way it is.
Mike Adler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I understand.
Operator: Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to talking to you on the April first quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason Marcus Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of his narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA; and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this call this morning, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $40 million or $0.41 per share, which included after-tax debt refinancing charges of $13 million or $0.14 per share. Excluding these charges, earnings were $53 million or $0.55 per share compared to third quarter 2011 earnings of $43 million or $0.43 per share. Net sales were a record $723 million, up 8% compared to third quarter 2011 net sales of $671 million. The $0.12 per share earnings increase, excluding special items, was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.07; and lower costs for energy, $0.05; recycled fiber, $0.04; and chemicals, $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher costs for labor and benefits, $0.03; interest, $0.02; and depreciation, $0.02. Excluding special items, net income for the first 9 months of 2012 was a record $142 million or $1.45 per share compared to $122 million or $1.21 per share in 2011. This earnings increase of $0.24 per share was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.23; lower costs for energy, $0.14; recycled fiber, $0.08; and chemicals, $0.05; and a lower share count from share repurchases of $0.04. These items were partially offset by higher costs for labor and benefits of $0.09; depreciation, $0.07; interest, $0.06; transportation, $0.04; and lower export pricing, $0.05. Year-to-date net sales were a record $2.1 billion, up 7% over 2011. In summary, we had a very strong quarter in all aspects of our operations. Our mills ran extremely well, setting an all-time production record. Containerboard and corrugated products demand remained strong, costs improved significantly and sales prices began to improve. Moving to more details of the quarter, higher mill production and corrugated products volume improved our earnings by $0.07 per share compared to last year's third quarter. Our corrugated shipments were up 5.7% on a per-workday basis compared to last year's third quarter, including 3.1% from box plant acquisitions, and up 4% in total, with one less shipping day this quarter. Our shipments per workday were up each month of the quarter compared to last year, and in September, we've set an all-time record for shipments per workday, both including and excluding acquisitions. Our domestic and export containerboard demand remained strong, and we're able to sell more tons to the export market with our mill annual maintenance outages completed in the second quarter. Our export shipments of containerboard were up about 9,000 tons compared to last year's third quarter and up about 21,000 tons compared to the second quarter of this year. Domestic containerboard sales were essentially flat with both third quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year. Our mills produced 670,000 tons of containerboard, an all-time record, up 20,000 tons or 3% over the third quarter of 2011. This performance was driven by production increases primarily from the energy project at our Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mills and no energy project-related downtime this year. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories down 9,000 tons compared to the end of the second quarter. Our inventory situation here is rather tight, considering October has 23 corrugated product shipping days compared to only 19 days in September. So it is essential that our mills continue to run well on October, which they have through the first 15 days of the month. Looking at pricing, we implemented a $50 per ton domestic containerboard price increase during the third quarter and are now in the process of implementing a corresponding price increase for corrugated products, which we expect to essentially complete in the fourth quarter. We did announce export price increases to most markets in September, but for the third quarter, export prices were down from last year. Moving to costs, energy costs were down $0.05 per share compared to last year's third quarter, driven mostly by the energy project and to a lesser extent, by lower natural gas costs in our box plants. Chemical costs were down $0.02 per share, with lower usage driven by the energy project. Lower recycled fiber costs improved earnings by $0.04 per share as industry published prices for old corrugated containers, or OCC, excluding the delivery costs, were down about $70 a ton in the third quarter of 2012 compared to the third quarter of last year. Finally, depreciation expense was up $0.02 per share compared to last year's third quarter, driven by the energy project, corrugated products' strategic capital expenditures and newly-acquired box plants. Interest expense was up $0.02 per share, driven by non-capitalization of interest. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who'll give you an update on our generation and uses of cash and taxes.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the third quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $102 million. Capital expenditures were $25 million. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $24.5 million and repurchased 253,000 shares of our common stock for about $32.50 per share or $8 million. As of September 30, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.3 million shares. Cash tax payments of $2 million were made, and fuel credits of $22 million were used to offset federal taxes. We have estimated remaining fuel tax credits above $279 million. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate and taxes paid in 2012 is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. On July 26, we completed the redemption of our 5.75% notes due in 2013 with a redemption premium payment of $21 million, which resulted in third quarter after-tax charges of $13 million or $0.14 per share. We ended the third quarter with $141 million in cash, up $23 million from our second quarter ending cash, if you exclude the cash proceeds we had on hand at the end of the second quarter from our debt offering. Our debt at the end of the third quarter was $797 million. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. We completed our major energy project in last year's fourth quarter and now have almost a full year of operations behind us. I'm very pleased to report that the project is delivering more benefits than we originally forecasted, and we now estimate the project will improve 2012 earnings by about $0.37 per share compared to our original estimate of $0.26 per share at the beginning of the year. The better-than-expected results came mainly from better-than-anticipated chemical and energy recovery efficiencies associated with the new Valdosta recovery boiler and 2 rebuilt boilers at Counce. The increased process efficiency and more consistent pulp quality has, in turn, allowed us to also increase both our pulp and containerboard production more than we expected. The operating flexibility we now have with our recovery boilers has also allowed us to avoid some machine downtime this year when our power boilers were down for maintenance and allowed us to eliminate electricity purchases at Valdosta this summer during peak electricity demand periods, when electricity prices were at their highest. So overall, I'm very pleased with the energy project. The project is generating an after-tax return of about 25% on total capital and almost 30% on net capital after deducting avoided maintenance capital despite much lower fuel and electricity prices today compared to the prices we've built into the project savings. We expect the return will improve even further as energy prices increase over time and we capture those cost avoidance benefits. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect higher earnings from our announced price increases, but full quarter's earnings benefit from these price increases will not be fully realized until the first quarter of 2013. The earnings improvement from higher prices in the fourth quarter is expected to be partially offset by seasonally higher costs due in part to colder weather. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of about $0.61 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open up the call to questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just, first of all, on the box price increase, to the extent you could give us a little bit more color on how that is progressing relative to other historic initiatives or prior initiatives. And in particular, when you talk about a corresponding increase, should we interpret that meaning that you're shooting for a full passthrough of $50, $55 per ton, or is it conceivable that it could vary from that to the upside? Or any other color you can give on that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, Mark, for both legal and competitive reasons, we can't get into a lot of detail on forward pricing expectations. But again, as we said during the call, we did build a partial quarter realization into the fourth quarter outlook, and we do expect the full realization into the first quarter of 2013, but just reminding you, historically, we've put box price increases through faster than the competition in part because of our local customer mix. And we'll provide more details during first quarter, our earnings call in January. But also, keeping in mind that with our 9,000 customers, we do go out and talk to all these customers. But in general, historically, we've been successfully completing these pass-throughs ahead of competition. Tom, do you want to add anything to that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Not much more than what you said, Mark. I would say that this is -- we're handling this as a routine price increase. As Mark mentioned, we've got 9,000 customers we've got to go out and inform on a one-on-one basis. Because of our value proposition, we can't just send out a letter notifying them of a price increase. So right now, this is an all-consuming job. And as Mark mentioned, we expect the full realization in the first quarter next year.
Paul T. Stecko: And Mark, to the last part of your question -- this is Paul Stecko. The word corresponding, the only intent of that word is it's related to the fact that box prices normally follow containerboard increase. So those 2 are related. And as containerboard price is up, and now box prices have been announced by us. So don't read anything more into that word. In terms of what our realization is, we don't disclose that. That's a matter between us and our customers. And that -- what we charge in boxes varies widely because the nature of our customer and product mix varies widely. And so it's not one number. It's an average number, and average numbers are sometimes misleading. But that's not something we normally disclose until we have completely completed, if you will, our box price increase.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then a question, if I could, on the dividend and your thoughts about potential changes going forward. You do look like you're going to be reporting record earnings in 2012. And presumably, with the box price increase going in 2013, hopefully, it can be even better. Not that long ago, you were paying $1.20 dividend, and it's lower than that right now. When might you be reconsidering what an appropriate level for the dividend is? And kind of what are the key criteria that would lead you to conclude what you might conclude?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, as we've historically said, dividend matters are board matters. And so with that, with Paul here, I'm going to let Paul talk about that since he's Chairman of the Board.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Appreciate that. It's a complicated question because there's a lot of things that go into it. So just to keep it short, there have been some positive developments with us finally coming to a conclusion on this matter, and that is the price increase is obviously positive. It will obviously produce a lot of cash, which we have to figure out what to do with. The other thing that's happened, since mid-June, our shares have gone from about $25 to a little over $35. That's the good news. The bad news is it's lowered our yield. And so the one way you fix that, obviously, is increase the dividend. So I think they're the 2 positives in terms of getting closure to doing something. The one negative, as I think everybody knows, is the tax situation with regard to the treatment of dividends, which we won't know until the end of the year. But all in all, this is a matter that the board will discuss. And from my perspective, as Chairman of that board, we're getting pretty close to determining what and how much we want to do here. And that's about all I can say at that -- at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon, Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: You mentioned the higher earnings you expect from the energy projects, which, I think, gets us to about $0.51. If you could clarify that or verify that. And then also, where do you see your capacity now in light of the expansions? At least, when I looked at the last K, you had about 1,043,000 tons at Counce and 556,000 at Valdosta. Can you just sort of give us an idea of how much increase you think you will be able to get, production-wise, as a result of the projects being better than expected?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I'm going to answer part of that, and I'm going to let Rick walk you through the reconciliation of the returns. But if you think about our capacity, at the beginning of the year, we've got announced capacity of 2,575,000 tons. It looks like we're on a run rate of about 2.6 million, 2,600,000 tons. With that, obviously, we did see some benefit. Starting in 2010, when we made some of the paper machine modifications at Valdosta as part of the capital project for drying efficiency improvements, we've added about 120,000 tons of capacity or about 5% over the 3-year period. Now we're not going to sustain that type of rate. We'll be back into the normal type of creep, 1% or so. With that, Rick, why don't you walk through the reconciliation of returns?
Richard B. West: Yes, Chip, the number you referenced, of course, that was more in line with what the original project was than we've had some things that happened, lower -- as Mark mentioned, lower fuel and electricity prices than what we've built into the project, which have been offset by some better productivity than we expected. But just to put everything in perspective, as you recall, at the beginning of the year, we said in 2012, we expected $0.21 per share in direct benefits from the project. That included savings, incremental profit less the added depreciation for this year. Also, we expected $0.10 per share in avoided downtime, and that was partially offset by $0.05 per share in higher interest expense from the non-capitalization of interest. And that gave us a total earnings improvement from the energy project in 2012 of $0.26 per share. Now if you look at our reported numbers, we have avoided the downtime, and we're getting the $0.10 per share and avoided the downtime, and it's just what we were looking at, at the beginning of the year. And as you saw from our results, our interest expense is up, attributable to the capitalized interest. So the capitalized interest of $0.05 is essentially the same. However, the direct benefits from the projects have increased from $0.21 per share to $0.32 per share, which increases the total earnings benefit in 2012 to $0.37 per share. Now the additional improvement in earnings of $0.11 per share is really coming from 3 areas. One, an additional $0.01 per share from energy cost savings. Energy prices have not gone up this year. Over time, that number will improve, as Mark said in his comments. This year, we're also getting an additional $0.05 per share from chemical cost savings. And finally, we're getting an additional $0.05 per share from more productivity and production increases than we expected at the beginning of the year. So now go back and look at the energy project from where we started in, really, 2009, when we came up with the estimates, and where we're looking at today and toward the future, overall, the 3 biggest benefits of the energy project are energy cost reduction, incremental production and chemical savings, in that order. Now I'll turn it over to Mark, and he may have some more comments on how we were able to achieve these higher-than-expected benefits this year.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, when you think about our recovery boiler, you're trying to achieve 2 different things here. You're trying to achieve steam generation with the organic composition, and also, you're trying to recover cooking chemicals. So you've got a very complex reaction taking place at the bottom of the boiler, in the reduction zone. So we knew we were going to essentially double the amount of steam generation with these boilers, but we were pleasantly surprised with the efficiency gains and the chemical reduction efficiencies in the units both at Valdosta and Counce, which now have allowed us to produce essentially more cooking liquor, more uniform pulp and more pulp in general. So that lent itself to more paper machine productivity, so again, quite an added benefit from the project.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. Well, that's very helpful color. And one other question, I was sort of looking back, and if you study calendars, which I do find better things to do, but on my cursory look, we average about 20.4 shipping days in September normally. And so given 100,000 a day shipment rate, it looked like the inventory situation this month that was reported this morning would normally have about 140,000, if you will, ton headwind that it seems like that didn't impact inventories at all. We still had the normal increase. And I thought -- I don't know if you had any comment about why you thought that was the case. Is it more that -- I mean, the production seemed to be high. I can only conclude that there just weren't the tons available to get out into the marketplace, but maybe you have better color than I have.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, with only 19 box plant workdays in September, which is the minimum number, I would have expected a bigger inventory increase. On the other hand, we had hoped to build about 10,000 tons of, specifically PCA, of inventory to get ready for October. October has 23 cut-up days. However, we weren't able to build any inventory in September because our demand remained so strong. So maybe we should not be surprised.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, let me just amplify. September is a strange month. What we've discovered, it's like discovering Halley's Comet. Maybe we should've known it. But it's been since -- like 1984 was the last time there was a 2-day difference in shipping days year-over-year. So usually, it's only 1 day. And so we would have thought, with that few shipping days, the inventories would have risen more, but they didn't. And I don't know if people took downtime in the industry. I know we couldn't build inventory because our demand was strong. September was a record, for us, volume day on a per-workday basis. So I really don't have a good explanation for that. But one other point on that, I saw the FBA numbers this morning, and it showed that roughly, on a per-workday basis, demand was up about 2.5%, and on the total volume, it was down about 7% or so. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but that's close. And what we normally do is average the 2 numbers. But you really shouldn't do that at this time because it's such a rare event that there's 2 days difference. You simply can't make up 2 full days during a month. So the kind of the way -- if somebody asked me how would you put your spin on the numbers, I would deduct one of those days, and that would make the total volume down about 2.5%; on a per workday, up 2.5%. So it kind of feels like a flat month to us for the -- I would say the industry, it feels like a flat month for them year-over-year, whereas we're up 5% and down 2.5%. So we're up a couple of percent. So it's kind of tracking the way it's been tracking all year. Comparing PCA to the industry, on organic growth, we've been 2% to 3% better. And then if you throw our acquisitions in, we're about 6% better. But it's a strange month. This hasn't happened since 1984, when we've had a 2-day difference in shipping days, and that does skew the numbers somewhat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a question on export pricing. I noticed that you noted that in the first 9 months, lower export prices were about a $0.05 drag year-to-date. I wondered if you could give us some sense of whether there's still a drag as you see them here in October?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, as most of you probably know, we're not a big export player, but we did raise export prices in September to a majority of the markets we serve. And if you think about it, we do business in approximately 35 countries. Of those 35 countries, we probably have 5 larger countries that we ship probably 55% or so of our volumes. But we don't make a practice of commenting on specific prices in specific markets for competitive reasons. So with that, we're getting better but not as good as domestic pricing.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And can you just, Mark, can you just give us a little more color just generally on what you're seeing in exports? Because I'm hearing about some very long backlogs on export sales right now, maybe some people even out in 2013. Can you provide any color?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hey, Mark, this is Tom. Again, as Mark mentioned earlier, I mean, we're a smaller player in the export market. But I can tell you that demand is steady to up depending on the market. And certainly, the backlogs are getting out there. There's no question about that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But I just have a couple of other questions. Mark, any thoughts on other capital projects that may be looming over the next 2 or 3 years for PCA?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We don't have any big projects like these energy projects right now, and we have the typical smaller-capital-requirement projects that allow us to continue to build on efficiencies and enhance the efficiencies in a smaller way. But with that, we always have a portfolio of opportunities in both the box plants and the mills but nothing of the magnitude that we saw with the big energy project.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my final question. Can you just give us an update on what you're seeing in wood fiber costs and around your different fiber baskets?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Prices are pretty flat both north and south, so as we get ready and while we're completing our winter wood build right now, the prices are flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you talk about how shipments have trended over the first couple weeks of the month? And then maybe more broadly, you outperformed the industry again on volumes this quarter. I was wondering what you think a sustainable organic growth rate for you is. Can you sustain the kind of 2% to 3% growth that we've seen this year maybe going into next year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, if you look at the first 9 days of October, our bookings are up about 6% through this period of time compared to a very strong October last year. Billings are essentially flat. We're getting cut-ups very strong, and billings always catch up with bookings over the course of the month. Tom, you want to elaborate on that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Anthony, I would just say that we have always -- we've said we'll continue to look for every opportunity we can, certainly, in terms of acquisitions. So we may -- we'll continue to look for those. Organically, we've had a pretty normalized rate here for quite some time, and we would continue to see that rate going forward. That would be our expectation.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And when you think about box shipment growth in the U.S. or sort of industry-wide, I mean, it's basically been flat this year, as you mentioned. When you look into 2013, is there anything that you're seeing in any particular category, like food or beverage or other products, that would make you think that 2013 should be maybe a better volume year for the industry or maybe the same? Or how are you kind of thinking about those volumes?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, at this point in time, I don't think anybody sees anything out there on the horizon that's going to be a dramatic shift. However, I'd like to think that it can't get a hell of a lot worse than where we've been, and we're bound to get a little bit better. Certainly, one of the concerns that we have is any uptick, given the inventory rates we have right now, is going to make things even tighter than they are at the moment. So we'll just -- we continue to do what we do and let the economy take care of itself. But hopefully, there will be some uptick going forward.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I mean, Anthony, both presidential candidates are talking about jobs, and both have said jobs is very important. And if we can get unemployment to continue to drop, that will be very positive for our industry. And of course, I think we're all familiar with a lot of the anecdotal information reported in the papers about people moving manufacturing back to the U.S. I think it's started a little bit, but obviously, we need more of that. That's probably the best thing that the country could do to get out of the deficit situation, and that is to grow our way out of it. And so long term, we feel fairly positive about where the U.S. economy is going to go because it has to go there. Picking when that starting point is, however, is not so easy.
Operator: The next question is from George Staphos of Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wondered if maybe we could pick up on that line of questioning that Anthony had started. If we look at this year, certainly, it's not been a great year in terms of volume through the retail chain for a lot of the food and beverage products because of food inflation. Yet, as I recall, you're not huge in agriculture, but it's not been the world's greatest ag season as well. Are your food processing and food-related customers talking at all, with any kind of data that would suggest that next year could be a better year than what's been probably a pretty challenging year, this year in 2012?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, George, this is Tom. I'll just comment on this real quick. I mean, most of our customers, obviously, they tend to be fairly optimistic about their business and they hope that there's improvement going forward. I can tell you they're trying to do everything they possibly can, from a marketing point of view, to move their products. And I think, at the end of the day, just like any other year, there'll be some winners and there'll be some losers. And it's in our best interest to, obviously, to try to align with the winners. And I think one of our advantages is, with the 9,000 customer base that we have, we're spread out very well, so that we have the ability to grow with a lot of different customers and we don't have tremendous exposure to just 1 or 2.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Next question I had was on inventory position. Your inventory trend in the quarter surprised me. I would have expected flat, maybe up. Sounded like that's where you were trending. Explain to us if there is any operational issues you're having now by being so tight on inventory and what your goals would be for inventory in the fourth quarter coming up.
Richard B. West: Yes, George. We continue to run full out. For the third quarter, we're running at a run rate over 100% capacity. And so, we continue -- first 15 days of the month, we continue on that trend. We did take advantage of supplying some of our legacy customers that requested some extra tons on the export side of the business during the third quarter, so we weren't able to build inventory. But right now, I think, again, the mills just have to continue running at the pace they're running and to supply Tom's needs, and our export and domestic customer needs.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, I don't know if you could comment to this, but was there a greater-than-normal trend in this past quarter for other producers asking you for tons that would normally be the case in the third quarter?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We generally don't comment on those matters.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko: George, it's Paul. I think Mark has a very good point in terms of inventory. We hope to build some inventory. We were running so well, we decided to take the risk, if you will, to ship more to some export customers who we cut back, right, and we tried to help them out a little bit. And that bet was, we can continue to run well. And there's always a trade-off. If we don't, we probably wished we had kept those tons, but if we do, we'll be happy we sold them. And so we're betting that we could continue to run this well, and one of the reasons we're fairly confident about the bet, we still -- we're only 4 or 5 months beyond the annual shutdowns, so our mills are still in tip-top shape. And where you really start to worry, when you get into the first quarter, when it's the coldest quarter, and you've got now 9, 10 months on your equipment, that's when the productivity risks are greatest. And right now, we've got the wind on our back, productivity-wise, so we're going to ride that horse as hard as we can.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got you. Last quick one, I'll turn it over. Is it possible to discuss at all, either in an index term or percentage terms, what the overall cash cost performance at the mills have been this year? Clearly, it's gotten better, the energy products have been a success. But obviously, the way the company reports, which is consistent with the way the other companies in the industry report, on integrated basis plus changes in mixes, at the box plant level over tons, impairs comparability. So could you help us understand how you've improved in cash cost efficiency at the mills this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: George, regarding that, obviously, we're not going to give any specifics with the exception to say that the energy projects have delivered great results and we've seen the benefits of the improvements at both Valdosta and Counce. And then just every year, we're always working on continuing to improve the efficiencies. That’s all I really want to say about that. Paul, do you have anything to add?
Paul T. Stecko: No, other than -- you said it. Our actual data, actual costs, are company confidential information. And for competitive reasons, we choose not to disclose that.
Paul T. Stecko: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, with the containerboard production up 3% year-over-year in the third quarter, how do you expect that to continue to progress, as we think ahead to, say, next year? I mean, do you think you can continue at this 3% rate? Or some of that, perhaps, was some of that from the energy projects we should expect a lower rate moving forward?
Paul T. Stecko: Going forward, we should be at the normal creep rate, 1% type normal creep. We took advantage, obviously, of the energy projects through the 2010 and '11 activity at Valdosta and Counce, and saw that nice 3% bump. So that was a onetime event for us, and as I explained on one of the earlier questions, we have no plans, as far as capital right now, to go after any aggressive creep. So and going forward, it's going to be typical flat, 1% type of activity.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just one follow-up question on the pricing. When you said you expect to be essentially complete in the fourth quarter, should I read that to mean that kind of full run rate will be in there, kind of exiting December? Or is there still some carryover that we should be thinking about, just from a timing perspective?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Now our forecast, at this point in time, Phil, is that we'll have the full run rate going in into the first quarter of next year. We obviously have some contracts that extend out a little bit further than that, which may add just a little bit. But for the most part right now we're forecasting a full run rate.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then with the energy projects and the increased savings that are coming from those, is there any carryover benefit into 2013, perhaps from the productivity or the chemicals or anything else you highlighted there, Rick?
Richard B. West: There might be a little bit. We've improved, as we've seen things we could do, as Mark said, with the cooking and chemical recovery process, we got a little bit more during the year. So average-on-average, from 2012 to 2013, productivity may come up a little bit, but that's built in to the 1% that Mark talked about of creep.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. The other thing, Phil, that we've discovered, as you always do on a project like this is, is that when you get done, there's a few more things you could tweak that you didn't do in the first project. Now it's not a lot of money and it's not a lot of return, but Mark told me about a project the other day, probably going to cost $0.5 million dollars to do, and we'll get a 100% return on that. And that's because the energy project enabled it. But it's just a small thing, a $0.5 million in improved earnings isn't that much. But we've got a number of those and when you look back at everything, I guess, if you've done something just a touch different, you can get a pretty good return. Unfortunately, it's just a little bit of capital. And even though the return's really good, it doesn't make that much more money. But we do have some upside in those areas.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, okay. And then this is my last question, on the share repurchases. Rick, I think you said it was $8 million in the quarter. So that was a little below the second quarter and if I look at the year-to-date, you're tracking below last year on that front. So maybe you can just kind of comment on, I guess, the philosophy right now around share repurchases? Is some of this driven by how much cash you want to have on hand right now? Or just how do you think about that, in light of the fact that CapEx is down quite a bit from last year, so you do have more cash flow? So I guess I would've thought maybe a bit more on the share repurchase front this year. Maybe you could just give a little color?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. This is Paul, again. You're right. We didn't do as much last quarter as we normally do. We bought in about $32.50 a share, and the strategy we had been pursuing, which we discussed on last 4 conference calls was that we're going to try to be a little bit more opportunistic than in the past. And that's when it was a very volatile time in Europe, problem in Greece or Spain, the market would get hit over here, everybody got tarred with the same brush. Our stock had dropped $1 or $2 and we'd pick it up. And we were very successful in doing that, buying on the down, when something not related to our business happened in some parts of the world. That really changed, if you look at the third quarter. We basically went up from about, like I said, $27 a share to about $35, $36. And the stock was much less volatile, and those opportunities for a big blip down really never happened. And so we kept waiting and waiting and waiting, and it never happened, and we ended up buying some stock. So I think if the world is more stable, we're going to have to return to more of a more steady, more continuous dollar cost averaging, hopefully on the way up, type of buying strategy. But the old strategy served us well for about 18 to 24 months. But unless the world gets more volatile and there are -- those opportunities don't exist, then we're going to have to buy on a more steady basis going forward. So that remains to be seen. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just one thing, I think we beat the inventory question to death. But can we talk about, more broadly, about working capital, given the acquisitions and where that's going to settle out over the next couple of quarters?
Richard B. West: This is Rick, Mark. From our working capital standpoint, our working capital has increased. As you pointed out, from the acquisitions. If I look at it, I think historically, working capital had been the lowest in the fourth quarter. And I think as we go into the fourth quarter, I do expect working capital to go down. Now the amount of working capital we have on hand will really just be determined by a number of things, price of product, and then AR. I don't see a lot of change in DSO. And number two, is how much inventory you need, in finished goods as well as containerboard. But I think the biggest change in our working capital has been, more so, the acquisitions and a little bit of pickup in finished goods. But I do expect that to go down end of fourth quarter and probably level out a little more over next year.
Paul T. Stecko: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Zaret from Longbow Research.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: I have a question on the work gain of the commencement of this box price initiative. I mean, in general, and I underline "in general," should we typically think it starts 4 weeks after Pulp and Paper Week raised their price series? Or is it a set date like October 1? And as long as I'm asking this, did you get anything in September on the box side?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We're not going to comment about that, again, for legal reasons. Paul, do you want to add anything to that?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Our policy forever has been, when the price increase is over, we comment on it. We do not comment on while it's going on. And that's on advice of counsel for antitrust reasons. And as you know, we're a very litigious society these days, and so we are extra careful to go way beyond what's required for safety reasons. And we did say we completed our containerboard price increase in the third quarter, because it was over and we could say that. We're in the process of a box price increase, so we're going to give no further information than that until we complete it and then we can talk to you a lot about it.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Was there a publicly announced date? Or -- it sounds like there isn't.
Paul T. Stecko: We're not going to comment on that. We have 9,000 customers. We call on them, we don't simply send out a letter. And so you cannot guarantee that you -- you try to get to them as quickly as possible, et cetera, et cetera, but it's not as simple for us as just sending out a letter, because we don't do that. We make personal calls. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: As you look at your M&A pipeline and as we head towards year end and potential tax changes in '13, are you seeing any incremental opportunities come up?
Paul T. Stecko: Tom would have to answer that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Regarding acquisitions is I would just say that, as we've talked previously, we continually look at acquisitions and we've got some opportunities that are out there that we're vetting at the moment. But we have a very high hurdle rate for these acquisitions. And so you don't have to meet the litmus test, regarding customers, regarding management team, marketplace, et cetera. And we're going through some of those and we continually look at lots and lots and happen to get one here or there that is an absolutely right fit. And we'll continue to do that.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then as I look at your balance sheet, it's in pretty good shape. The leverage ratio is pretty low. Can you just talk about what you believe to be the appropriate leverage for the business. And if we're below that level, how do you see the company getting back to that level?
Richard B. West: I'll take that. We really don't look at it as a leverage ratio. Of course, we watch it. But we think we're at the right debt level that gives us a lot of financial flexibility. We've got low interest rates, low debt, and it really gives us the ability to take advantage of whatever opportunity is out there with the leverage we have. And I think, you can look at it in the way of what do you want to do opportunistically, and we'd rather have that financial flexibility of what would essentially be considered a low leverage to take advantage of those things with our financial flexibility when they might appear. And so, we don't really have any plans to pay down debt. We only have a small term loan. And then in addition to that, we've got very low interest on our other notes. So we're pretty happy with where we're at from a leverage standpoint. But we would not be -- we have the flexibility, if we wanted to borrow, to borrow also.
Jason Marcus: I'll just ask one more question. Can you help us think about the normalized CapEx level for the business? And if you look at years 2010, '11, clearly it was elevated because of energy projects. Probably in '12, it was a little bit lower because you were benefiting from the investments you're making in '10 and '11. And so what's the right way to think about normalized CapEx? And is that a good proxy for 2013?
Richard B. West: Typically, we've seen -- we've run at about 75% depreciation within that $110 million, $120 million level. And if you can look at depreciation, going forward, with the acquisition, where we are on a percentage depreciation, it's going to be in that $120 million range. And then we've also talked to the point that Tom's going to have $50 million to $60 million available for continued acquisition opportunities or box plant strategic activities. So again, we are going to normalize and it's going to be right in that range, $120 million area. Plus the opportunities for Tom's side of the business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: When we talk about the box plant, I'd also add, we've said for a long time, we run at about $110 million, and we like to spend about $50 million a year on box plant acquisitions. That's kind of been our mantra for the last 5 years. So that $110 million has probably creeped up to $120 million because if we make these acquisitions they need capital to be supported, too. So as we get bigger, we basically have gone from about a $2.1 billion company, we're close to $3 billion now. So obviously it requires a little bit more CapEx. The only other change that I think we've talked about a little bit is that Tom is out looking for acquisitions but those acquisitions also compete against his internal projects. And so that $50 million is for either acquisitions or if he's got a better internal project for there. So that internal project would go into the CapEx number, but it really comes out of the acquisition pot. And so wherever we have the best investment for that $50 million, and usually it's an acquisition because it's got a lot of synergy benefits, but occasionally, it's for an internal acquisition, like the plant we built in Reading, 1.5 years ago. And so, I throw that caveat, the competition for these acquisition dollars is king and it's both internal and external. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Al Kabili from Credit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to circle up a little on the acquisition front. And with the M&A you've done on the box plant side, you were still able to increase your year-over-year, your sales of containerboard to the outside. And I was wondering if you could comment on that. I would have thought your integration rates would be going up with the box plant acquisitions. Is this just a function of the higher capacity from the -- on the mill side from the energy projects? Or could you just help us through that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, the energy projects allowed us to grow the containerboard production by 120,000 tons. At the same time, we've been talking about our plans on the box plant side to grow the integration level from 80% up to the low 90s, and currently, we're selling -- we're roughly 83% integrated. And so, we've been able to produce the tons necessary to continue supplying the market. And also, at the same time as we've made these acquisitions, supply those acquisitions. And so with that, again, things are going to level out though.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I think the level out is an important comment. It's been a tough job to get the integration level up when you're also increasing your mill capacity, but we're up about 3% over the last couple of years despite the additional capacity in our mills. But as Mark said earlier on the call, we're down to maybe 1% creep growth. So Tom Hassfurther's going to have a little easier time building that integration level up because the mill production is not going to be going up as fast as it has been.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And also, if you could help just us a little on the fourth quarter, you lapped some of the box plant acquisitions. Can you help us with what acquisitions helped on shipments in the fourth quarter? Is it still that 3% kind of rate in the fourth quarter? Or does that go down a little bit, because you lapped some of the M&A?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think we had one acquisition we made last year in the fourth quarter. So it won't be 3, it'll probably be more like 2. We caught up to that one we made in the fourth quarter last year.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Great, that's helpful. And then just a final question, is just on mix. You talked last quarter how mix was a little better than you had expected. And I was wondering if you could talk about what you saw on product mix this quarter. And then a follow-up to that mix question is, with price hikes coming, are you seeing from customers increased interest in further lightweighting, or any response from mix on that as well?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: This is Tom, Al. I would just say that, from a mix point of view, it's been pretty steady, not a dramatic change. And regarding the lightweighting, I think every customer out there is looking for an opportunity to reduce cost, but at the same time, they're not going to sacrifice quality in any way. So I think there's a constant pursuit in the marketplace for reduced costs. And we're working -- we work with all our customers to try to do what's right and to try to meet their objectives, but at the same time make sure that we maintain the quality and service that they demand. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I, too, had a question on mix. Are you seeing any benefit from the return of manufacturing to the U.S. that you alluded to? And also, are you seeing kind of incremental volumes to the white good products? I'm thinking appliances for housing recovery.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. This is Paul. I would say we're -- yes, we're seeing some benefit in that. I used to hear once a week from the box side of the business that this customer or that customer was shifting business to Mexico or China. I don't hear that anymore. And we're also hearing information that -- and we know of some of our customers that have moved some business back from Mexico or China. The amounts to this point are small, but we expect that trend to continue. And so, we really can't quantify it any more than that.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That's encouraging. Even if it's embryonic, it's a start.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, that's a good way to put it.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Other quick question. In your fourth quarter outlook, you mentioned higher cost due to weather. Did you incorporate flat OCC or do you have any inflation built in there?
Paul T. Stecko: The OCC is flat. We've seen numbers, obviously, the Southeast area, OCC is up about $5. But all in all, we're flat. And that's what we've built into the fourth quarter. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just had a longer-term question. The industry has obviously benefited quite a bit from the consolidation on the containerboard level. I just want to get a sense, do you think there needs to be more consolidation on the box side just to improve returns going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We're not going to comment about that, again, for legal reasons.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fine. And then based on what you guys mentioned earlier about CapEx being potentially being in that $110 million, $120 million ballpark and $50 million to $60 million acquisitions, 2013 is shaping up as a record for cash flow year for you. So in terms of the remaining piece, in terms of cash flow deployments, should we think about it as being return to shareholders or how should we think about that going forward?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, yes. I think you heard Paul talk earlier to the dividend question. So the fact that we've spelled out our plans for capital, we have no plans to pay down debt, so that leaves that cash available for share buyback and dividends, so at some ratio of the 2. Again, that's where we're headed into the new year.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of OCC, you mentioned that you're baking in flat OCC prices for 4Q. But I guess my question is, the drop off that occurred during 3Q, will that cycle through into 4Q? Or the benefit already kicked in, in 3Q already?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We don't talk about guidance into the forward quarters like that. But again, I think, to summarize, it all depends on China. Think about that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And this one last final question on the M&A side, a few of the companies I cover, not in containerboard, have kind of mentioned how multiples have come in a little bit due to current macro backdrop that given the fact that the industry is getting price increase, have you seen multiples come -- actually move higher given the current backdrop?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. We don't have anything, really, to comment on that.
Richard B. West: We're not -- that's what analysts do. We don't -- we're not smart enough to comment on multiple changes. Our multiple is up this year, obviously, for, I think, our performance and what people think of the future. But predicting, I can't even predict where our stock price is going, let alone multiple. So we can't add any value to that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: In terms of what kind of multiples for the stuff that you could buy, I guess, in the pipeline, has that changed directionally?
Richard B. West: We're not going to comment on that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you. We've got time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a logistical question on the box price increase. I mean, you did say it was an all-consuming effort going out to these 9,000 customers. But I would assume that a certain percentage of your customers are on some sort of index that makes the conversation a little bit easier. Can you talk about what percentage of customers are on some sort of index, as far as the containerboard price increase flowing through and how that will affect the discussion?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, I'm not going to comment on that. I will just say that the discussion is as important with every single customer, regardless of whether they're on or off some sort of an index.
Richard B. West: And It's not that we don't want to disclose information to you, we just don't like to disclose that information to competitors. There's no upside to that.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, I can appreciate that. Just looking at the energy cost. I mean, you noted that the energy projects were ahead of schedule this year. Obviously, more of a benefit than you expected. But the natural gas prices have risen a little bit recently. How do you think about that when we move into 2013, if they were to stay at this level? How does that impact your business? And then just sort of a follow-up on that, when you look at the seasonality of your purchased energy versus internally supplied, how does that change, as we move through the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Natural gas is such a small component of our energy, that it's really not a big factor. So in that regard, again, we just use very low natural gas. So that's about all I really want to say.
Richard B. West: And it really doesn't change seasonally, except that the fact that in the winter months, you use more energy on the 3 coldest months of the year, primarily because your water temperature is a lot colder, and you got to heat a lot of water up to make paper. So and -- the one thing just to point out on our Valdosta mill, we're now to the point now where other than in the line kiln, where we do burn a little -- we burn natural gas, we don't use any fossil fuel at all at Valdosta. We run the mill, well again except for the line kiln, on 100% wood waste and black liquor. And so -- and Counce isn't quite as good, but Counce is pretty good in that regard, too.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, okay. Just lastly on how we should think about, directionally, maintenance downtime as we move into 2013? I would assume you're in a pretty good position based off of the energy projects and some of the work you've done over the last couple of years. Should we think about -- and you got some benefit it looks like in the first half of 2012 from lower downtime, maintenance downtime. Should we think about that repeating again in 2013?
Paul T. Stecko: We're right in the process of planning next year's shutdown. So we'll be able to add details on the January earnings call. But essentially, the shutdowns are normalized year-to-year with required work, but we'll add the details on January.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think the other -- the only thing I'll add to that is we did say, when we talked about returns of voided capital, and with Valdosta and Counce, with the new boilers, there would've been about $80 million of capital spent over about a 5-year period that won't have to be spent now on maintenance because these are -- they're virtually new boilers. So going down on that regard, our maintenance expense will be less.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay. With that, we're out of time. I appreciate everybody's time today on the call. We look forward to seeing you in January for the full-year and fourth quarter call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products
Analysts: Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Mr. Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, our Executive Chairman; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in the call this morning, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $45 million or $0.46 per share, which included after-tax debt refinancing charges of $2.5 million or $0.025 per share. Excluding the refinancing charges, earnings were $48 million or $0.49 per share, which is the second quarter record compared to the second quarter 2011 net income of $40 million or $0.39 per share. Net sales were a record $712 million, up 7% compared to the second quarter of 2011 net sales of $665 million. The $0.10 per share increase in net income, excluding the refinancing charges, was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.07; and lower costs for energy, $0.05; recycled fiber, $0.02; chemicals, $0.02; and maintenance, $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher costs for transportation of $0.02; medical, $0.02; depreciation, $0.02; and interest expense, $0.02. Excluding special items, net income for the first 6 months of 2012 was a record $88 million or $0.91 per share compared to the net income for the first 6 months of 2011 of $79 million or $0.78 per share, excluding special items. Year-to-date net sales were record $1.4 billion compared to the $1.3 billion in 2011. Overall, we had another strong quarter setting several records and generating earnings, excluding special items, $0.04 per share better than the earnings guidance we provided on April 17. The higher earnings came from better-than-forecasted mill cost and better-than-expected export prices, and better-than-expected mix improvement in the corrugated business. We also achieved all-time record corrugated product shipments and record second quarter mill production despite having 3 of our mills down for their annual maintenance outages during the quarter. In addition to strong operations, we completed important strategic action during the quarter, the refinancing of $400 million in notes due in 2013. Considering the risks and uncertainties in the debt market, we're very pleased to have this refinancing behind us, and Rick West will provide more details on the refinancing later on the call. Moving to operations. Higher mill production and corrugated products volume improved our earnings by $0.07 per share compared to last year's second quarter. Our corrugated shipments were strong, up 6.6% both on a total and a per day workday basis compared to last year's second quarter. This increase in shipments included 3.6% from our box plant acquisition in 2011 and our first quarter 2012 acquisition. Even excluding our recent acquisitions, total shipments were a new all-time record for any quarter. Our corrugated shipments volume also improved compared to the first quarter of this year, with total shipments up 2.7% and per workday shipments up 4.3%, with 1 less workday in the second quarter. Domestic and export containerboard demand remained steady compared to the first quarter. With the higher containerboard consumption at PCA box plants from increased demand and considering that 3 of our mills will be down during the quarter for their annual maintenance outages, we made a decision to sell fewer containerboard tons into the export market. As a result, our export shipments of containerboard were down about 13,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. Our mills produced 638,000 tons of containerboard, a second quarter record, up 32,000 tons or 5.3% over the second quarter of 2011. The increase in production was driven by strong productivity and no energy project-related downtime this year. In total, annual mill maintenance outages, including an overhaul for the 23 days of our 50-megawatt turbine generator accounts and major wall panel replacements to the large T2 boiler accounts, resulted in lost production of about 23,000 tons during the quarter. Pricing for corrugated products and domestic containerboard remained steady. Export prices for containerboard were higher, and our corrugated products mix improved compared to the first quarter. Compared to the second quarter of 2011, corrugated and domestic containerboard pricing was essentially flat and export containerboard prices were lower. The lower export prices reduced our earnings by about $0.01 a share compared to last year's second quarter. With regards to cost, energy costs were down $0.05 per share compared to last year's second quarter, driven by major energy projects at Counce and Valdosta and by lower natural gas costs in our box plant system. In addition, chemicals and maintenance costs were each down about $0.02 per share, driven by completion of the energy project and reduced spending. Lower recycled fiber costs improved earnings by $0.02 per share in industry published prices for old corrugated containers or OCC. Excluding our delivery costs, we're down about $25 per ton in the second quarter of 2012 compared to the first -- second quarter of last year. We continue to see more moderate inflationary cost pressures than we did last year. However, some costs did increase compared to last year's second quarter, including outbound transportation costs, up about $0.02 per share; and medical costs, up about $0.02 per share. In addition, depreciation expense was up $0.02 per share compared to last year's second quarter, driven by the completion of our energy project, corrugated products strategic capital expenditures and newly acquired box plants. Interest expense was up $0.02 per share, driven by non-capitalization of interest with our energy project completion. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give you an update on our cash position and our biofuel tax credits.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the second quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $115 million. Capital expenditures were $35 million. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $25 million and repurchased 371,000 shares of our common stock for about $27 per share or $10 million. As of June 30, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.1 million shares. During the second quarter, cash tax payments of $5 million were made, and fuel credits of $44 million were used to offset federal taxes. We have estimated remaining fuel tax credits of up to $100 million. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate and taxes paid in 2012 is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. As Mark Kowlzan spoke about earlier, we completed a public offering of $400 million, up 3.9% senior notes due in 2022 on June 26. In connection with the offering, we also made a $65.5 million payment to settle an interest rate protection agreement. The net proceeds -- or the note proceeds, excuse me, of $397 million net of fees will be used to complete the redemption of our 5.75% notes due in 2013 on July 26, with an estimated redemption premium payment of $21 million, plus an additional $11 million for accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. We currently estimate third quarter after-tax charges of $13 million or $0.14 per share related to the debt refinance. Our June 26, 2012 press release provides more detail of the refinancing. Excluding both the proceeds and the debt from the senior note offering, we ended the second quarter with $118 million in cash and debt of $801 million. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect seasonally higher sales volumes, increased mill production and lower mill costs. With an added note on mill costs, we do expect prices for purchased electricity and chemicals to increase and prices for OCC to decrease compared to the first quarter. Considering these items and excluding the estimated debt refinancing charge, we expect third quarter earnings to be above $0.54 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on this call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors on our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And finally, we will not comment or respond to any questions concerning forward pricing on today's call. Thank you. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: First question is, it looks like, Rick, you were saying the net debt ended the quarter at about $683 million, which I believe is about $38 million below the first quarter level. Should we sort of -- I think one element of the numbers that you've laid out, I don't believe included, unless you said upfront, the -- I think it was $57 million in credits you got based on, I guess, the energy projects you did. Did that also come in? And should we view that sort of as an offset to the hedge?
Richard B. West: That is correct, Chip, and you're correct on your numbers. For the second quarter, the net debt was $683 million, with the increase in cash. We did pay down $4 million in debt in the second quarter on our term loan.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Chip, before we go any further, I just want to correct one of the pieces of data, where I commented about OCC prices. Prices for OCC are expected to decrease compared to the second quarter, not the first quarter. So I just wanted to correct that.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then when we look at what's left with the black liquor credits, if I'm not mistaken, if -- let's say that you -- that Filer City doesn't go your way, I'll put it that way, the way you view it, then basically, it's -- you're done on the black liquor credits. And -- but if Filer City gets viewed the way you view it, then that would be the $100 million. Is that -- or some percentage of that, in other words, it all hinges on Filer City at this point. Is that fair?
Richard B. West: That is a fair statement.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. Got you. And then last...
Paul T. Stecko: Chip, this is Paul. The comment I'd make when you said the way you view it versus the way somebody else views it, we expect there's only one way to view this thing. And that is that although the process was different in Filer City in terms of how black liquor's -- to how the liquors converted, that doesn't mean that there's anything out of the ordinary here.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. Got you. And then as we look out at the second half of the year, any major changes either in CapEx or your view toward buybacks?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Chip, we've stated as far as the capital for the year, $110 million was the target, and we're still on target for the $110 million. But we've also commented that we were setting aside approximately $60 million for the acquisition side on the box plants for Tom to work with. And year-to-date, with the box plant acquisition that was completed in February in the Pittsburgh area, we've spent roughly $30 million of that $60 million. So we do have some room left on the acquisition side. So Tom, do you want to comment at all about where you stand this year on some of the opportunities?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I would just say on the acquisition front, Chip, we constantly look at opportunities. We turned down a much higher percentage, obviously, than we pursue going forward, and we continue to review opportunities as they exist right now. We have, however, taken some of that money out of the acquisition area and plowed it into some strategic capital investments within the box plants, which have some returns that are essentially equal to what an acquisition would give us, and that's primarily based on customer demand.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And any update on where you stand on the buyback, how much is left?
Richard B. West: There is $117 million left on the buyback.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh of JP Morgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on the OCC comment, I'm just wondering, are you basically just kind of run rating what we're seeing here in July in saying it's going to be lower? Or do you actually think from here, it actually might take another step down?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Run rating what you've seen published and what the data is telling us.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then just on the export pricing, is there any more color you can give us on where you saw the outperformance there versus what you're expecting? Is it a specific region? Or what were you seeing there?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, this is Paul. I'll take that. The answer is no, except for the fact that when you pull 13,000 tons out of export like you do, you obviously pull out your worst business. So that in itself is going to help your pricing.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just on the export markets in general, are you seeing any impact on your business right now from the temporary mill shut over in Europe?
Paul T. Stecko: We really don't comment about any specific relationship with customers, and that would fall on that category. So we're going to have to pass on that question.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Last question, Rick, just in terms of the buyback. Is there any reason to think that you guys wouldn't buy back as much this year as you did last year? Is there anything specific going on this year that would limit that or is it more just kind of how you're feeling about the share price?
Richard B. West: There's no reason. We're still going to look at both buyback and other alternative for cash that we've talked about earlier. So we'll just continue to address the buybacks each quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you talk about how demand trended through the 3 months of the quarter and maybe how you're seeing it play out in July? And then given the box numbers that came out this morning, can you just talk sort of generally about the current state of demand you're seeing, whether the summer has been stronger than expected, weaker than expected or whatever color you can give?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, for the second quarter, our box numbers were flat. Obviously, we had good numbers, but we saw constant, steady numbers. And if you look at where we are for the first 8 days of the third quarter through July, we're looking at probably 7.2% up for that period of time. But also, one of the difference this year, with the 4th of July being in the middle of the week, it's a tough comparable. So again, the other thing to think about too was that the acquisitions and the organic piece, they're both contributing about equal, 3%, 3.5% on average.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a couple of questions for Rick. With the net debt about $680 million, do you think that you're kind of at an optimal leverage at this point or would you potentially consider raising the leverage to pursue some opportunities within acquisitions or strategic capital spending? And just how are you kind of generally thinking about that?
Richard B. West: Well, we look at more the financial flexibility that we have. We think we've got a reasonable debt level, but the positive for us in having the debt level that we do have is it does give us the opportunity if we see something that we want to borrow for us as we did in the third quarter of last year. We borrowed some to -- when we wanted to pick up some additional shares. So what we do with our cash, as well as our debt level, is going to depend upon the opportunity utilizing the flexibility we have.
Paul T. Stecko: And then, Phil, just -- this is Paul again. Just wanted to comment on your first question. As Mark said, our business has been steady all year and up roughly 7% a quarter, and that does include the acquisitions. And through the first 7 days of January, we're up about -- excuse me, July, we're up about the same, and that is on organic growth, which is really the major year-over-year improvement. We're up about 3.6%, 3.7% of that, and then we're up another 3.5%, 3.6% from acquisitions. And that gets back to that 7.2% number. So that's evenly split between organic growth and acquisitions.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And maybe just one last question for Rick. Regarding the IRS audit that determines your kind of final cash tax rate, do you have any sense of the timeframe or how we should think about the resolution of that?
Richard B. West: It's taking what we consider the normal with the IRS. I really can't say anything other to be at the end of the year, beginning of next year. That's what we're hoping to have a final conclusion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I was hoping to get some sense as to how you see the tenor of the markets right now, because we've got some -- we've seen contrary type of indicators. If you read the headlines, they all look so negative, yet obviously, your business has been doing pretty well in the demand side. And looking at industry statistics, operating rates and inventory seem to be pretty good for the industry, overall. How is this all coming together as you sense the tenor of the market?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, Mark, if you think about our model and what we've been talking about the last couple of years, with the strategic activity during the past 2 years and the work that Tom's done on the acquisition side of things, we've really created a new revenue engine. And if you also think about it, we've got 4 acquisitions, plus the new Reading plant, so we've got -- we're operating 5 additional plants, plus the strategic spending was applied to 5 plants. So really, we have 10 plants that are now contributing in ways that we never had before. So we've always talked that we have the demand, but we couldn't supply the customer base. We have that now. So we've grown into that and taken advantage of the acquisitions and the strategic spending. So with that, we only know what we're doing and we talk, and our model is definitely a different model compared to the industry.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, Mark, I'd answer that just a little different. The market has basically met our expectations. We thought our business would be this strong, and it has been this strong. And we're projecting that, that trend is going to continue, and that's how we built our third quarter earnings model. And it's hard to -- for us to comment on the entire market other than we read the numbers you read. But we're really concentrated on our customer base, and we feel pretty good about it.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Fair enough. And typically, you don't take much downtime, if any, in the second half of the year. Would that be your expectation at this juncture?
Mark W. Kowlzan: That's correct. The annual shutdowns are behind us, and now we're on a full run rate mode.
Paul T. Stecko: And Mark, just to amplify on the reason for that, our demand period is the weakest in the winter months, and labor is also a lot more available than to do shutdowns, energy cost is historically higher. So for the last 15 years, we basically concentrated all of our downtime in the first 4 months of the year. It's the lowest cost for us to do it that way, and then it also leaves us the most capacity when we need it the most. And that is the period we're about to enter now, which is the seasonally strong period of the year, now through -- it used to be now through Thanksgiving. But with Internet commerce, December is actually turning out to be a half-decent month for the last 3, 4 years, which it hadn't been before then.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America Securities.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I want to cover a little bit. Can you comment why you think you were able to see some improvement in your mix? What was perhaps behind that, either on the board side or the box side, specifically within domestic?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: George, this is Tom. Why improvement in mix? I mean, it's -- at that time of the year, second quarter seasonally starts to ramp up some of the graphic side of the business.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. But you said it was a little bit ahead of your expectation, so I guess I was trying to get at why it was above what the normal seasonality would be.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I think because our customers are trying to do some creative things to drive their sales in this environment right now, and one of those vehicles happens to be the graphics area. That has -- that picked up seasonally a little faster than what we thought, and probably, on a volume basis for the year, it will be quite a bit higher than we had anticipated. Okay? In addition, you've got Ag business and some of the other things that have gone on that just help our mix typically in the second quarter.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Tom, I know you don't want to speak for the market, but based on history, when you've seen a pickup in the graphics business, is that usually coincident with an ultimate improvement in the broader economy or is it really inconclusive, whether that actually happens to be the case or not from your vantage point?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I really can't tell you if that's conclusive at all. All I can say is, is that this is -- depending on the customers you're aligned with, depending on their business and what their strategies are really determine how they're trying to drive their business, and if we get the net result of that, we're better off.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Two quick questions on vertical integration in the model. Is there a vertical integration level right now that you think is normal for the existing mix of business that you have in production? And if you could share, what do you think that ratio is right now? And then bigger picture, I mean, the model has worked not just in recent periods, but looking back over time, PCA has continued to probably grow more quickly than the market. Is there a natural limit, do you think, Mark or Paul or Tom, to where are you -- you finally can do that anymore, whether it's sort of a bench and depth issue or a customer opportunity issue that would mean that you ultimately see a limit to the way the business model continues to outperform, if you will?
Mark W. Kowlzan: As we stated, the goal still is to get to the 90% integration rate. That's important because we feel the 90% still allows us some flexibility to supply tons into our customer base as they grow. 100% is not a good number to be at because then your customers then understand that you're going to be limited in that ability to help them grow as they move forward. So we're moving along, we're on track to get to the 90% and that's going to remain our goal for the remainder of the next couple of years here.
Paul T. Stecko: And with regard to your second question, there are limits, but we're nowhere near those limits yet.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Last one. Rick, any benefit from the highway bill and pension for you, do you think, and if there is a number, what might that be?
Richard B. West: No. We're so low. And from where we stand, I don't see it being substantive to us. We haven't really gone through all the math, but I don't see it as substantive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael (sic) [Mark] Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Couple of questions, one for Rick. Just maintenance costs, as we go from the second to the third quarter, we know all of your maintenance is done, but do you spread those costs over the year? And how would that change going from the second quarter to the third quarter?
Richard B. West: Really, it doesn't change. The run rate on the amortization of maintenance costs is essentially going to be the same in the third quarter as the second quarter, that's why we didn't cite it in our guidance for any change.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And Mark, what's a good number for you guys at this point for just the mill volume on an annual basis, do you think?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Are you talking volume or capacity? We can tell you our capacity, we can't tell you our volume.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, capacity.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, we published capacity at the end of last year at 2.575 million tons. We hope to get some productivity improvement, some crease -- creep capacities here, not much. So rough number, I wouldn't be surprised if we ended the year at about 2.6 million tons of published capacity.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for Tom Hassfurther. Tom, if demand remains similar to what we've seen in the first half, will you be able to continue that organic growth of about 3% to 3.5%?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, we certainly hope to. That's the intent, Mark. And it's interesting when you look at our organic growth. I mean, most of it comes from our existing customers who have just chosen to do more business with us at various locations, and of course, that helps drive some of our strategic capital. And we continue -- that's the plan going forward. And so I would plan that we would continue to grow at these rates.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And Tom, just curious, is there any kind of -- do you have much of a display business buried within -- in the overall business?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, we don't typically break out our business, but certainly, we do have a graphics business.
Mark W. Kowlzan: One way we are different, Mark, is that some companies have specific graphic locations. We integrate our graphic business into our regular box plants to make -- and that helps us handle the seasonality of the graphic business. It is stronger in different parts of the year, and the beauty of that, when we need ground business in those plants, when graphic is down, that happens and vice versa. So we like our model in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Mark, just a couple of things. Can you give us a sense of what your overall energy mix looks like now and whether you're looking to reduce coal further the way other people are? I'm also interested in how much energy flexibility you have or whether you think that's an old-fashioned concept.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Regarding the first part of the question, if you look at -- obviously, with natural gas prices falling last fall through the winter, we took advantage of that and shifted more coal into gas, and we continue to do that through the summer months. And also, we're still waiting on the EPA to issue the Boiler MACT rules to see where that's going to take us on any further changes. Flexibility-wise, we've maintained the flexibility with the work that was done on the boilers at Counce and Valdosta. We've maintained and built in further flexible capabilities. And so in that regard, it's still very important to us.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Super. And just one last question. You talked about recycled fiber. I assume that your virgin fiber costs overall have been pretty flat. Are you getting any helping from this pickup in lumber?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We started seeing some of this last year in the fall. Again, in particular, as an example, in Michigan area, we saw some increased chips available on the market for some hardwood sawmills. So in that regard, we've seen some benefit. Obviously, we're not where we were prior to the housing collapse, but we've seen a little bit of improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Thanks for the color on your raw material prices. I think you commented that OCC is going to be down, energy and chemical is going to be up sequentially. So collectively, should we expect input cost to be up sequentially?
Richard B. West: What we said, is the -- in fact, lower mill cost overall compared to the second quarter and the third quarter, Philip, embedded within that number is some increases for electricity a little bit and also some in chemicals, primarily starch, but overall, still lower.
Mark W. Kowlzan: What you see take place typically in the July, August period in some of the areas with the summer heat and temperatures, the utilities end up having to have some abnormally high real-time pricing. And so we just expect that there will be some days and some periods where we see some real-time pricing get out of hand.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I got you. But it didn't sound like it's going to be a sharp uptick from where you were at...
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's something we typically see, but we just -- we made that point.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I just want to get a little more color on what you're seeing on the export market right now. I think you did comment that things were a little better than you expected both from a demand and pricing standpoint. Certainly, the headline out of Europe and Brazil have gotten worse. I just want to get your view on a real-time basis.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Phil, I'll just comment on that real quick. I mean, it's -- sometimes, we're not the best barometer of the export market quite frankly because we send a lot of specialty products to that export market in terms of liner, but it's not great over in Europe. But I don't think it's as disastrous as what the press would have you believe.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then during the quarter, you guys obviously shifted out of the export market. How much of that was just the downtime you guys were taking or just better integration on the box side from the acquisitions or you're just taking share? I just want to get a little color on that front. And should that -- will that trend reverse itself in Q3?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, all of the above. With the downtime that was being planned with the mills and the work that Tom had done with the acquisitions and the organic growth, we needed all of those tons to take care of our customer base here in North America.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And just one last question. I mean, your free cash flow was obviously quite strong, kind of like pretty nicely this year. When we think about maybe 2013, are there any major reinvestment projects in the horizon or should we expect it to be pretty much in line from 2012? So would the majority of that cash be returned to shareholders and acquisitions?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we'll continue to look at box plant acquisition opportunities and strategic opportunities from the organic side as we see customers growing and their needs, demanding we can work with them. So that's something we hope that will continue. That's what we're planning on.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But nothing like what we've seen in the last few years. Is that fair?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No -- that's fair. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So you mentioned the lower energy cost was a $0.05 benefit in the quarter, and you talked about some of that coming just from lower fuel costs and then somewhat from the energy projects you completed. Can you just sort of break that down so we can get a sense of how much is coming from each of those buckets?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, the -- again, the energy projects have been contributing the bulk of that. So we continue to see good results from both the Counce and Valdosta piece. And so again -- so that's pretty much the -- all that savings contributed through the Counce and Valdosta projects. And probably, Valdosta is a little bigger contributor than Counce. Just to put a little technicolor on it, at our Valdosta mill, if you count the -- that was a boiler project. We still -- and we buy no -- basically, no purchased fuel at Valdosta. We run on 100% wood waste from our own wood yard and black liquor. And so no purchased fuel, and we buy very little electricity, we produce roughly 98% of our own electricity. And then we have byproducts that come out of burning black liquor, things like tall oil soap and turpentine. You throw that all together and our energy cost at Valdosta is actually a negative number. And that's obviously a big source of the savings.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And so are you returning energy to the grid through Valdosta? Is that...
Mark W. Kowlzan: On occasion, we sell some back to the grid, but most of the time, we run at about 80% -- about 98% of what we need. And we buy a little from the grid to maintain the utility tie in case there was ever an emergency. And we had to take that -- but we had to take the turbine down.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And also in the quarter, your maintenance cost came in at only -- you said $0.02 maintenance cost for the quarter. I think you were saying there was going to be a $0.03 headwind going into the quarter. Is that -- were you able to outperform on some of the projects? Where did those lower costs come from?
Richard B. West: The change from 1Q to 2Q was the accounting of the annual outage costs. From the standpoint compared to last year, in the second quarter, we were $0.02 per share better, and that's more driven by the fact that we're -- especially the energy project, we're not having to repair such older equipment. We've got new equipment -- new boiler at Valdosta and rebuilt boilers at Counce, which really helps us. So the majority of the $0.02 per share improvement year-over-year was related to the energy project.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And Rick raises a very good point. When we did this project, we noted that over a 5-, 6-year period, we would reduce maintenance on those 5 old boilers that we took out of service by about $80 million in terms of cost avoidance. Now some of that is capitalized and some of it is expense, but with $80 million in additional to the savings that we got, that we don't have to spend as Rick just pointed out. And that's an important point.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, you mentioned e-commerce is now benefiting the December month. But do you get any benefit from e-commerce in back-to-school sales? And maybe you could just also talk about your overall thoughts on e-commerce and how that could potentially aid the overall industry as we move forward.
Paul T. Stecko: I think year-round though, e-commerce is a positive factor. I think, again, seasonally, whether it's school-related time of the year, that's definitely been a positive for the industry.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and December is especially strong for 2 reasons: one, that's obviously the biggest buying period for things, and people are shopping more and more on the Internet; and the other beauty of buying things on the Internet as opposed to a store, when you have to send it back to the Internet, you got to pack it in another box to send it back because most of the time, you throw the first box away. So you get a double bang for your buck over the Christmas holiday.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And do you have any preference of those boxes versus your traditional boxes? Is that...
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think you got to look at that. That volume is good for the entire industry. Where it ends up benefits everybody. And it doesn't matter who makes it, that's going into volume for the industry. And those kind of boxes tend to be lower priced. There are plenty of brown boxes, don't have a lot of graphics on. So that's not the sweet spot of our mix, but it benefits the industry in terms of total consumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kabili of Crédit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess first question on inventory, down, I think, 1,000 tons sequentially. Can you just comment how you're feeling about your inventories right now, how they are versus where you want them ideally?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, we're basically on plan, but again, we are going into a busy time of the year for us. So we need every ton we have, and that's important. I mean, the mills have to run right now. It's critical, we've got now all the shutdown -- heavy shutdown period, which is the second quarter. And we basically held where we wanted to on-plan with inventories. But again, we need the tons and we've got the business and we've got to run.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. The other question I had, just around -- just the tone of the market. I mean, I know you're outperforming the industry, but I was wondering maybe if you could just help us with -- if there's any notable changes with what you're seeing now, with what it was like this time last year. Has there been any differences in terms of what you're seeing in the environment, et cetera, notable differences, say, versus this time last year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: From our perspective, there's not much of a change. We've taken advantage of what we built into the box plant system and mill system. And again, Tom's group is taking advantage of that with the customer base and working with them, and the results speak for themselves.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then final question is on mix. You highlighted earlier that you did a little better from a mix perspective this quarter than you initially anticipated. Sequentially, can you help us with how you're thinking about mix sequentially?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Our mix will be pretty similar to what it is in the past going forward. We may see -- as I mentioned earlier, we probably will see a slight pickup on the graphics side of the business going forward just because I think we've got customers that are trying very hard to feature their products in a relatively flat market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Zaret of Longbow Research.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: I have one question. I guess the thing that caught my interest was, you mentioned you're doing strategic spending on 5 box plants. Now I think, and correct me, you have about 70 box plants. So the question is, a, are there -- is this something that's going to be ongoing? And b, what is the focus of this spending? Are you adding -- is there a need for more corrugated at some of these plants or are you changing markets? So if you could answer those questions, I'd be very interested. And how much capital you'll be investing over time? You mentioned the amount of -- you're investing for your acquisition. I assume this is small, but I'd like to know that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: That was in reference to the spending that was done in 2010 and 2011 with the 5 box plants we had identified. We spent $80 million during those 2 years on the strategic opportunities. Now the point that was made, we will continue as we go forward. As we're working with our customer base, if we have the opportunity to grow with them and we see an opportunity, we might make some strategic investments.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: So is this about scale, basically?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Joshua, this is Tom here. I just want to point out that I think it's very important to understand, we have never, never invested capital on a "build it and they will come" basis. I mean, our capital is always strategically invested around our customers and around demand that we see in particular marketplaces. That, we will continue to do.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and to amplify on that, we did that with the $80 million we spent. We're into that, we like the results, they're showing up in our numbers, bottom line. And as we go forward, we now have more competition with internal projects because of that success versus acquisitions. So in order to make an acquisition, this money has got to compete against internal projects, and our success in the last few years on internal projects has been very good. And so the competition for that last dollar of capital is even more keen within the company than it has been in the past, and that's the point we've been trying to make. So we got -- we've had good choices. We can't make them all, but it's good to have a more good choices than fewer good choices.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On the export front, can you comment what percentage of your volumes went into the export market during the quarter and longer term, whether you see a strategic rationale to be a player in the export market?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. Typically, we've said this -- quarter-to-quarter. In terms of year-to-year, we might go from 8% to 10%, 11% of our products go offshore. And our trend is down in that regard. That's an historical number 8% to 10%, and we've cut back a fair amount from that number, which we're not going to divulge.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Any incremental color you can give on just the mill net differential right now between selling to Europe and then selling domestically. The data seems to imply it's about $100 a ton. Is that a good ballpark figure to be thinking about?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We're not going to comment on this.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And last question, just on the chemical side. Can you comment on what you saw in terms of pricing trends, for the key chemical costs that you use in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis and what the outlook is going forward for the balance of the year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we saw an easing on the inflationary pressure from last year. But going forward, on the commentary about chemicals into the third quarter, most things are flat. We are anticipating -- as an example, corn, obviously is going to be under pressure, theoretically with what's happening with the drought. So that's one example.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just remind us, what are the key chemical input: starch, caustic, any other big ones we should be thinking about?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, right now, on the box plant side, the starch and starch-related products, all the adhesives. But on the mill side, obviously, the caustic chemicals and then wood fiber obviously is the big one, which has been very stable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Kowlzan, I see there are no more questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'd like to thank you everybody for participating today, and we look forward to seeing everybody on the next call. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products Unknown Executive - 
Analysts: Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joe Licursi - BMO Capital Markets Canada John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corp. of America's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan, and please proceed when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corp. of America First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter net income of $18 million or $0.18 per share, which included a noncash after-tax charge totaling $23 million or $0.24 per share from an amendment of our 2009 federal income tax return to reallocate gallons between alternative fuel mixture credits and cellulosic biofuel producer credits. This charge is a reversal of income that was previously reported as a special item and not included in our recurring results and is further detailed in the notes to our consolidated earnings results included as part of the press release. Excluding this charge, adjusted net income was a first quarter record, $41 million or $0.42 per share compared to the first quarter of 2011 adjusted net income of $39 million or $0.39 per share, which excludes a $2 million or $0.02 per share asset disposal charge. The increase in adjusted net income was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.09 per share; lower cost for energy of $0.04 per share; and lower recycled fiber cost of $0.02 per share. These increases were partially offset by lower export containerboard prices of $0.03 per share; and increased cost for depreciation of $0.03 per share; transportation, $0.02 per share; labor costs, $0.02 per share; and also higher interest expense of $0.02 per share. Net sales were a first quarter record, $671 million, up 7% compared to the first quarter of 2011 net sales of $630 million. Operationally, our business remains strong throughout the quarter with record corrugated product shipments and record mill production despite having 2 of our mills down for annual maintenance outages. The new recovery boiler and turbine at our Valdosta mill and our 2 rebuilt recovery boilers and new turbine at the Counce mill were instrumental in lowering our energy, chemical and repair cost and also increasing our productivity. Looking at the specific details of operations, higher mill production and corrugated products volume improved our earnings by $0.09 per share compared to last year's first quarter. Our corrugated shipments were up 8.3%, both on a total and a per-workday basis compared to last year's first quarter. Excluding our 3 box plant acquisitions in 2011, corrugated product shipments were up 5.4%. Outside sales of containerboard, both domestic and export, remains strong, essentially equaling last year's first quarter and just slightly below fourth quarter shipments. All of our mills ran exceptionally well, producing 640,000 tons of containerboard, up 38,000 tons over the first quarter of 2011. This performance was driven by improved productivity, lower annual average downtime and an extra mill production day in February, with leap year. Annual mill outages reduced linerboard production by about 18,000 tons during the quarter. Our mill in Valdosta, Georgia was down for 8 days and the No. 2 machine at Counce, Tennessee was down for 4 days. We ended quarter with our inventories as planned, about 11,000 tons above year-end levels. This level of inventory is required considering our anticipated demand and to offset lower production due to the 3 mill maintenance outage scheduled in the second quarter. The No. 1 machine at Counce will be down for 5 days. The Tomahawk, Wisconsin medium mill will be down 5 days, and our Filer City, Michigan medium mill will be down for 6 days. In addition to normal planned annual outage work at these mills, a Counce outage in April included the lengthy and extensive overhaul of our 50-megawatt No. 1 turbine generator. This type of inspection and overhaul is performed every 6 years and will take about 16 days to complete. During the turbine generator outage, the mill will purchase additional electricity to support mill operations. We will also have our large C2 power boiler down at Counce for the 16 days to make planned repairs to replace boiler wall panels. We generally make major repairs of this time every 15 years or so. After the No. 1 machine starts up, the mill will run at reduced capacity for about 11 days until the boiler work is completed.  Compared to the first quarter, the planned annual outage work will result in lower mill production, increased mill shutdown and startup costs, as well as higher amortization of outage repair costs. All in all, we expect lost production due to maintenance outages to be about 25,000 tons in the second quarter compared to 18,000 tons in the first quarter. This will complete all our annual maintenance outages for the year.  Looking at pricing. Our domestic pricing for containerboard and corrugated products remained essentially flat compared to both the first quarter and fourth quarter of last year. Export containerboard prices declined during the fourth quarter of 2011 but stabilized in January of 2012, and then were essentially flat the remainder of the first quarter. The lower export pricing reduced earnings by about $0.03 per share.  With regards to costs, energy costs were down $0.04 per share compared to last year's first quarter, driven by major energy projects at Counce and Valdosta. In fact, our energy cost per ton at Valdosta is now a negative number considering all energy items including purchased fuels, electricity and sales of energy-related byproducts such as tall oil. Lower recycled fiber cost improved earnings by $0.02 per share as industry published prices for old corrugated containers or OCC, excluding delivery costs, were down about $25 per ton in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of last year. Although the average price for the first quarter was lower than last year, OCC price did increase in each of the 3 months of the first quarter, and April published prices are about $10 per ton above the first quarter average. We have seen more moderate inflationary cost pressures than we did last year with the exception of outbound transportation costs, which were up about $0.02 per share compared to last year's first quarter, driven by diesel prices, which increased about 10% on average. Diesel prices also trended higher during the first quarter, and exiting March, were up an additional 5%. We currently expect diesel costs to remain at their elevated levels and possibly even go higher as we move into the summer months, which could result in increased transportation cost.  Labor and benefit costs were up $0.02 per share over last year as a result of increase in pension costs and normal annual wage increases. Depreciation expense was up $0.03 per share compared to last year's first quarter driven by the completion of our energy projects, corrugated projects strategic capital expenditures and newly acquired box plants. Interest expense was up $0.02 per share driven by non-capitalization of interest with our energy project completion and higher debt.  I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give an update on our cash position and biofuel tax credits.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the first quarter, PCA generated cash from operations before working capital changes of $98 million. Working capital increased by $63 million driven by about $45 million in beginning-of-the-year payments, including incentive bonuses and our semiannual interest payments on our notes, increased inventory levels and other normal seasonal changes in working capital. Capital expenditures were $35 million during the quarter. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $20 million, and repurchased 781,000 shares of our common stock for about $29.75 per share or $23 million. As of March 31, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.4 million shares.  On March 16, 2012, we acquired Packaging Specialists, a corrugated products manufacturer located near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with sales of about $50 million in 2011. At quarter end, we had $84 million cash on hand, and our total long-term debt, excluding capital leases, is $805 million. During the first quarter, no federal cash tax payments were made and no alternative fuel mixture credits or cellulosic biofuel producer credits were used, as our first federal tax payment is not due until April 15. With the amendment of our 2009 tax return, we have estimated remaining fuel tax credits totaling $42 million to $144 million. This amendment should also allow us to reduce our 2012 federal cash taxes well below our original estimate of about 20%. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. Finally, we are very pleased to report that our application for an energy investment grant from the U.S. Department of the Treasury for our Valdosta, Georgia energy project was approved. And on April 11, we received $57 million in proceeds. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead, our cost per annual maintenance outages will be greater in second quarter than in the first quarter, with less tons produced and higher amortization of repair cost. This will reduce earnings by about $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter. We also expect slightly higher cost for transportation and recycled fiber. Higher corrugated product shipments and a richer mix are expected as we move into a seasonally stronger period. Energy usage should be lower with normal weather and natural gas cost, particularly in our box plants, will be lower. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of about $0.45 per share.  With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.  With that, operator, we'd be glad to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I am showing our first question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: I was wondering if you could tell us a little bit about the thoughts behind switching -- reversing, if you will, looks like roughly almost half of the cellulosic biofuels category of credits back into the alternate fuel mixture credit. I know that there's about a 30% higher recovery with the cellulosic, at least if you have the confidence that you'll be able to get it. And I'm supposing, I guess, either maybe your depreciation analysis going forward or maybe even some political uncertainty could have been part of it. But I'd love to hear why you made that switch.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Rick, why don’t you go ahead and get into the details?
Richard B. West: Yes, Chip. From the 2 credits, you referenced the 30%. Of course, the benefit from the cellulosic biofuel producer credit after tax is $0.62, and the alternative fuel mixture is $0.50 per share, so it's not a total difference of that amount. But basically, it was a very complex issue. There were a number of factors that we considered, both from a tax and a benefits utilization strategy. It's really not something we'd like to get into in the call, and we discuss, normally, our tax strategy. As I said earlier in the call, we do have the benefit of now being able to take the credits in a more rapid basis, and that our cash tax rate could go down significantly from 20%, much lower, as we go through the year. But we need to see what's happening with the IRS audit underway before I can give you a definitive on a number of things, including the range that we gave, as well as what the cash tax rate would be.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Another way to look at it -- Chip, this is Paul. We basically reduced the range from 60 to 160 to, say, 40 to 140, so the number may not even change when we get done with the whole thing. It's just the range that's changed. And that thing is still a moving target. And as Rick said, until we get the audit completed, we're not really going to offer any more information on that subject.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Totally understand. And then just a quick follow-up. When you look at the -- this is becoming a routine, where you guys seem to be doing much better on the volume front. I know you're adding 2 conversion and you just mentioned the acquisition, but could you talk a little bit about what you see as the reason you guys are growing so much faster than the market, and also any thoughts as to why the market looks like it's actually slowed down a little bit versus GDP compared to, say, what were seeing a year or so ago?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Chip, again, when you look at our strategy over the last 2 years to enhance 5 of our box plants and help take care of their capability to service customers, that was the $80 million over 2010, 2011 at 5 of the plants. But also, Tom was very successful in executing 3 acquisitions last year, and then the one that we just announced. So when you think about the capabilities from a revenue side of the equation that the box plants now offer, it's quite a different footprint. So Tom, if you want to add and elaborate to that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: All right. Yes, Chip, let me just add a little clarity to this thing and go back in time a little bit and refresh your memories about what our strategy was and continues to be, starting with the fact we want to become 90% integrated. And we wanted to do that 3 different ways: one was organic growth; the other one was strategic capital investment, and that was specifically in plants where we were at or near capacity; and the third way was through acquisition. And of course, we talked about the acquisition. And we made 4 acquisitions in the past 15 months, and that's resulted in approximately 3% additional growth for us. We also completed much of the strategic capital investment, currently north of about $40 million, and that of course relates to capacity needs driven almost exclusively by customer demand. And then the remaining is the organic growth, which we've talked about for a long time. It's a long-term strategy, requires a very long sales cycle. It involves hundreds, maybe thousands of accounts that have allowed us opportunities to grow. They're either growing or we've got opportunities with them to add value or earn a larger share of the market. And so that's -- we continue to do that. And of course, I'd be remiss if I didn't give our people a lot of credit for executing a very aggressive plan, and they're doing an incredibly good job. So that's where we stand with that. Relative to "Is the market slowing down, and why is it not tracking GDP exactly?" well, if you follow any of the trends that have gone on, and certainly FBA statistics and that sort of thing, you know that we kind of separated from GDP as an industry quite a while ago, and track probably more closely nondurables today than we do anything else. But I think we're still fairly bullish on what's going on with the economy. There'll be some ups and downs, and I still say that customers watch their inventories very, very closely. So we're seeing a few more swings one way or the other that maybe we wouldn't see in a more traditional economy.
Paul T. Stecko: And Chip, this is Paul. Let me just add one thing to what Tom said. I think he put everything in pretty good perspective, but when it comes to organic growth, we have outgrown the industry for over the last decade continually. And we think the reason is that our basic sales proposition is we sell value, not price. And if you can provide a customer more value than anybody else, we think that's what makes you successful. And you can provide value in a lot of ways. Now we can spend 2 hours on talking about how you provide value. But that more than anything else, in my opinion, is what's driven our success with regard to organic growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just on the maintenance cost for the quarter. Obviously, it's up $0.03 from the first quarter. As we just think about the rest of the year, I know that sometimes there's the amortization cost that continues throughout the year. So I was just trying to calibrate how much we would add back, given that there's no more downtime for the rest of the year. Is it -- would it be the full $0.03 plus the first quarter amounts? Or is there amortization we need to factor in as well?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Rick, why don't you go ahead and get into the details?
Richard B. West: Yes. You really had the right point with the amortization of the repair cost. That is the one thing that you will continue to have. And so when you look at the second quarter to the third quarter, you will continue to have the amortization of repair cost, and it will go up from the second quarter. So net-net between the second quarter and the third quarter, I can't give a number, but you will have a higher repair cost compared to the second.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the energy projects, I think, Mark, you had mentioned in the last call that it is possible you might see the saves exceed the $0.26 that you talked about. I just want to get a sense of how that's progressing at this stage.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Everything we've talked about as far as -- I think we summarized and said all in, net about $0.26 benefit. We said $0.21 from the direct energy pieces themselves, and then with the increased volume that we added back net of the capitalized interest that was netted against that, we still feel comfortable that, that 26% -- $0.26 per share number for the year is still good. Everything we saw in the first quarter coming out of the Valdosta and Counce indicated that the boilers and turbines are doing exactly what we expected and have enhanced not only the energy picture but our capabilities to just run the mills more effectively and efficiently. So we still feel good with the numbers we've talked about.
Unknown Executive: We're comfortable with the number as we run this equipment. I guess our feeling is there may be a little more upside than downside to that number, but only time will tell.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I just had to say, on the export markets, you talked about stabilizing pricing early in the first quarter, but you didn't really talked about anything about it picking up here at all in the second quarter. So I just want to know what you're seeing out there for the export markets in general. And obviously, there was a mill closure in Europe as well, so wondering how that might factor into your thinking about the opportunities on the export market.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, from a volume point of view, again, we said we're pretty well flat on volume. But Tom, do you have anything to elaborate on what you're seeing?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, I think all I can tell you is, Phil, we've -- we have advised our customers that prices will be going up in the second quarter. That's all I can tell you on the -- on that side of the business, and I think it's driven by a lot of different normal factors.
Operator: I'm showing our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Chip's question on volumes. You referenced the 90% integration level goal. Are you at about -- or is it safe to say you're about 80% now? And in terms of the 90% goal, when do you think you can get there? Is that a 2-year goal or a 3-year goal?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Currently, we're at that 81% level with the -- again, as the mills have continued to perform well, that's been the factor there. But the goal would still be to go out to the end of 2014, 2, 3 years and with acquisition activity that we have in growing the organic side of the business to continue to achieve that 90% target. So yes, that's still the plan.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And in terms of a budget or a range that you would set aside for box plant acquisition, is there any kind of color that you can give, given the 3 that you picked up recently?
Mark W. Kowlzan: On a range per year of spending?
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, yes, over the next couple of years.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, just to go back. Last year's 3 acquisitions, we spent $57 million. And so around $50 million a year would probably be a good number, on average.
Richard B. West: Yes. That's been our historic average if you go back a decade, about $50 million in box plant acquisitions. Now that can vary from 0 to 100, depending on the year. You could have a year when you really can't find anything that really fits your model but the next year, you'll find a lot. But I think it would average $50 million a year going forward, and that's not cast in concrete but that's kind of our calibration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just one clarification. When you were talking about the downtime, costs, maintenance, et cetera, third quarter versus second quarter, I think, Rick, you focused on the repair expense. That would go up a little bit. But presumably, you don't have the 25,000 tons of lost production, and so you have that as a positive, 3Q to 2Q. And so if you net those 2, I would assume that your maintenance/downtime costs would be lower in the third quarter than the second quarter. Is that a fair assumption?
Richard B. West: That is fair. We would not have the norm in the second quarter. We have the lost production plus you have the increased cost while you were down, as well as starting up and shutting down the equipment. So in the third quarter, you would not have the first 2 items, but you would have a higher amortization of annual outage repair cost in the third quarter compared to the second quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And Mark, just to put it another way, the highest headwinds with regard to maintenance is in the second quarter this year. Those headwinds subside in the third and fourth quarter because we're not going to -- no downtime related. As you've said, the only point was it all doesn't go away because we amortize shutdowns over the rest of the year after they occur. So you can't take everything out but you take out the piece that you just said. So from an earnings point of view, and we don't give guidance more than one quarter in advance, the situation gets better third quarter over second.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And maybe I'm jumping ahead too far here. But -- so kind of order of magnitude about a $0.04, $0.05 -- $0.04 type of improvement, 3Q versus 2Q?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. We only give guidance once and we try to be pretty disciplined about only going out one quarter at a time.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Sure. And just one quick other one. You continue obviously to generate lots of free cash flow, particularly as your cash tax rate is going to be even lower. You have the box plant acquisitions. Is much of the remainder going to be focused on share repurchase? Or could you potentially even contemplate revisiting the dividend again sooner rather than later?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think, as we've said in the past week, we continue dynamically to look at where our cash needs to be deployed, whether it's a balance of dividends, share buyback and reinvestment in the assets and the acquisitions. So we'll continue that process to evaluate as we go quarter to quarter and look at our cash accumulation and cash position. So again, that just remains a dynamic discussion amongst ourselves.
Richard B. West: Yes. If somebody tries to support [ph] it, we think $50 million is a number for acquisitions. I mean, we're very diligent in the way we pursue acquisitions, because in our business there are very high return but very high risk, depending on a lot of factors, so we take our time. But that just leaves dividends and share buyback. And share buyback is the most obvious vehicle because dividends involve a longer period of time. You have to be sure that you can sustain that dividend. So both are always in our mind. But obviously, we had a $150 million share buyback authorization. We're proceeding to spend that at an appropriate rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Mark, 2 things. So you mentioned higher OCC costs this quarter, but are you seeing anything picking up in virgin fiber cost? We're starting to see wood products cost rise. In some regions that helps, sometimes it hurts, so I'm just curious whether you're seeing any movement on your cost on the virgin inside?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. As a matter of fact, the virgin fiber side, especially in the South, remains really flat. And so we haven't had any of the weather extremes in the South this past -- from the fourth quarter going into the first quarter. So virgin, I guess we've talked about that before, I'd say it's trending pretty flat.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Do you have a view that if lumber does start to pick up in the South whether that's going to actually help you or hurt you?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Because of the residual chip volumes that would become available on the market, that would help. We've seen some of that activity actually in Michigan at our Filer City mill, with some sawmills producing more through the fall into the winter. And so there were more chips available on the market. So we've seen some of that activity starting to take place.
Richard B. West: Mark, in the lumber market, they cut big trees as opposed to smaller pulpwood trees, and they're going to make residuals as they cut those trees. And that waste wood has got to find a home, and if that -- and we're hoping that the wood products business does pick up because at one time, for example, at our Counce mill, we got 1/3 of our wood supply from sawmill residuals. We're down now to maybe 10%, 12%. And so when and if it picks up, we think it's a plus.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. Just one last question. You mentioned the rise in transportation cost. Is that making you think differently about the inventories you want to carry?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. Right now, the diesel is always a factor in the transportation cost. But also with the 4 acquisitions we have behind us and also the new Reading plant, the question of inventories and how we manage inventories is again dynamically changed in how we service the bigger fleet of box plants. So I think, going forward, our inventory model will remain somewhat the same, but we do need to consider how we service the additional plants we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to piggyback actually off of Mark's question there. As you look at the acquisitions that you've made and now the most recent one, should we assume that at least initially you have a somewhat more challenging logistical situation to make sure that you keep the customers that you acquired through these acquisitions? And as we think -- take a step back, think more broadly about the acquisitions that you've made, is it possible to perhaps peg what kind of accretion, either to earnings or cash flow returns, they can have when we look out, say, a year or so?
Mark W. Kowlzan: On the first part, from the logistics and how we service the customer base, no, that's not an issue. As a matter of fact, in many cases, our capabilities are enhanced with a bigger footprint. On the second question, Rick, do you want to talk about the accretion?
Richard B. West: No, that's not something we would get into, Mark -- I mean, George, trying to isolate profitability by an individual unit.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Would it be fair though, Rick, that you would have made these acquisitions with the assumption that it's enhancing to whatever relative level of return or free cash flow generation you had previously? Would that be fair?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think you can look at the volume. We said with the volume, we were up 8.3%, and without acquisitions, we would have been up 5.4%. So you're getting the throughput of the mills plus the box plant shipments of about 3%. So intuitively, those acquisitions are generating additional earnings for us. We just don't want to get into the specific numbers.
Richard B. West: And George, as I said earlier, we view this endeavor as a high-return, high-risk endeavor. High risk for the reasons you elaborated on, but high return for a lot of reasons, if you can make sure that you're not going to be encumbered by some of the potential downfall of making these acquisitions. And that's why we're very deliberate in the way we approach this. And so we've been extremely pleased with the returns we've gotten on these. That's not to say over the last 15 years we haven't been burned a few times for the reasons you elaborated on, but overall, we've been pretty successful in this regard. And Tom, I think you want to say something.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, George, this is Tom. I'd like to also add that in order to mitigate those risks, as I've mentioned, one of our key criterias in the acquisition process is a great management team and very talented people, and to make sure that they stay on board. That really helps mitigate that risk of losing customers or anything like that.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, I appreciate the color there. If we can switch topics to maintenance and the projects that you have underway. One of the things that you mentioned as part of the second quarter program is maintenance of the boiler walls. And I remember from one of the last calls -- perhaps incorrectly so, but I think this is true, that you're accelerating to some degree the maintenance on boiler walls. If that's true, can you elaborate a bit on that? And if it's true, should we expect perhaps a bit more than historically normal maintenance expense during the first half of the year on a going-forward basis?
Mark W. Kowlzan: The work that's underway right now at Counce, again, we were taking advantage of the very fact that we had the annual shutdown and some of that work could've been done over the next few years. But again, we had the ability to execute that work now and get that behind us. So in that regard, it's an isolated opportunity to upgrade and update the water wall on the boiler, so...
Paul T. Stecko: Just to amplify on it, every 6 years, as Mark said, we have a major turbine overhaul and we decided since the turbine was going to be down 16 days, why spread the boiler work over a couple of years? Hide the boiler work behind that turbine downtime. And that, in the long term, eliminates mill downtime and you save a bunch of money, although -- as you do the repair all at once. And so we took advantage of that fact that this only comes up once every 6 years, and we took advantage of it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. My last question, I'll turn it over. Can you comment at all about early second quarter volume trends? If you'd mentioned before, I missed it.
Mark W. Kowlzan: On the first 8 days of cut-up [ph] for the month, we're seeing bookings up 10% and shipments up 6%, so all in all, the trend continues with what we saw in the first quarter, so we're still feeling pretty good about where our business is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kabili from Credit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, Mark, maybe you could talk about -- you mentioned a richer mix that you see in this upcoming quarter. Is that just seasonality, or is there something else driving that? I wonder if you could just elaborate a little more on that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. That's pure seasonality taking place. So again, we see this every year.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question I had, along the export markets, you mentioned you're telling your customers price increases. Is that across all the major geographies or is that primarily Europe? Or is that spread across Latin America, Asia as well?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, in general, we told our customers in the export market that prices will be increasing in the second quarter. And that's really all we want to comment regarding pricing.
Richard B. West: It does vary by market, by geography. And we're really not going to get more specific than that. We give that information to our customers. And that's always been our plan, to share that with customers and go no further.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then also, relative to the growth rates you're seeing, is there any particular end market that stands out directionally, one way or the other, that you're seeing? Or is it pretty broad-based in terms of the end markets and in terms of your shipment growth?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We continue to see a broad-based growth across our footprint in North America. So again, it's nothing in particular. All of our segments are continuing to move in the right direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng from Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Production levels were actually very strong during quarter. I would imagine you're obviously benefiting from some of your recent investments. But what's a good run rate for production capacity going forward? I know historically 1Q has been little lighter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. We don't get into forward quarters of production. So again, I think if you know what we've produced in the first quarter and what last year was, so again, I think that's all we want to say about the quarter.
Paul T. Stecko: We basically run to demand and that will determine our production level. The only thing that Mark did said earlier is that at the end of the second quarter, all of our maintenance outages will have been completed for the year. And -- but again, we don't -- we run to demand and we don't give projections more than one quarter out.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But I mean, historically speaking, since most of your maintenance is done in the first half, if demand is there, production is usually a little stronger in the back half, right? Is that fair?
Mark W. Kowlzan: That's very fair.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then a question for Rick. The CapEx for this year, I think it's in that 1 10 ballpark. Is that sustainable over the next few years? And do you have any other major projects on tap?
Richard B. West: We do not comment on CapEx but one year in advance. That's been our historical norm, 1 10, but we'll have to look at it each year. And that's all I could add on that, Phil.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one final question on the inventory. It seemed a little higher 1Q than years past. It sounds like you're taking a little more downtime and you're expecting strong demand. One, is that the biggest reason? And two, is the expectation for inventory to come down over the next few quarters? I just want to get your view on the inventory level for the industry.
Mark W. Kowlzan: As usual, we had the shutdowns planned for the first and second quarters, so it was in our best interest to build inventory and plan to take care of and service our box plants as needed. So the 11,000 ton increase was actually necessary to take care of our business. So other than that, we also, as I'd mentioned earlier, with the new acquisitions and the new Reading plant, 5 additional plants to service, so nothing's changed there.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the inventory level for the industry.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No comment. We don't comment regarding that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Zaret from Longbow Research.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: A quick question. With the huge consolidation trend we're seeing, 4 major players of the past now involved in consolidation, is that benefiting you in terms of customer churn and people coming your way? Are you seeing anything in that direction?
Mark W. Kowlzan: The only thing we'd offer on that is that every time anything happens in the industry, there are pluses and minus. And one plus of it is that if 2 people got together as a result of a merger, and they were the 2 suppliers to a company that wanted to have 2 different suppliers, then that company, the buyer, would have to seek another supplier because the 2 suppliers they had now became one supplier.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Right. That's what I'm getting at. So is that benefiting you?
Mark W. Kowlzan: That benefits us. That's correct.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then to change quickly, can you remind us what percentage of your box shipment and market is agriculture?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Tom, do you want to take a shot? It's a low number.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: It's a very low number. We're not very high in ag.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's what I thought. And so then the final question, when you're purchasing your corrugated [ph] box plants, is there a theme in terms of end markets that you're focusing on, or technologies or anything in that respect?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, not really. If you really look at our spread of business, and I think that's what gives us some tremendous strength, you're talking about thousands and thousands of accounts spread over all sorts of different industries. And we try to obviously pick the winners in those industries if we possibly can, because they're going to have the best opportunity to grow. But with regard to acquisitions, it's more built around relationships, their ability to add value, how well they fit into our model. Are they willing to do the hard to do? Have they earned the right to have that long-term reputation with the customers? And of course, are those customers in industries that are going to survive? I mean, that's obviously one of the things we take a look at. But for the most part, if there's -- any of those acquisitions, their customer base is spread very much like ours is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover from D. A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I was surprised it took so long to get to the question as to the implications of the recent consolidation. And I heard your answer. Does the consolidation spur you to expand to any U.S. geographies where you're not currently exposed?
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've said for a long time we're in every major market, except the Pacific Northwest. And so we don't feel the need to be in every market, in that we're not in one because we're geographically disadvantaged and so far away. So we look for box plants that, as Tom just elaborated on the detail, meet our criteria and not generally focus on a specific geography where we need to be.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing our next question comes from Scott Gaffner from Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was just hoping if you could dig a little bit deeper into your response to the 2Q positive mix shift. You mentioned seasonality, but does seasonality drive higher-value products? And if so, what are we talking about here?
Mark W. Kowlzan: The seasonality does drive some of the higher-priced products, that's true, and demand starts to typically starts to ramp up a little bit. And that's why if you look at our comparables, last year, we were up. This year, we're saying we're going to be up again. That's pretty much the trend.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then looking at the transportation cost, it's been a headwind all of 2011, obviously starting off again as a headwind this year. I think before you talked about 50% of your shipments are rail versus truck. Is there anything that you can do to sort of manage the outbound transportation cost?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, because of the diesel factor, you have your trucking and your rail available and you optimize that mix. And so on any given week, any given month, it's an optimization question on how you take advantage of that.
Paul T. Stecko: You misquoted, you misquoted us just a little bit. I think it's good that we correct that. 50% of our shipments are roughly truck/rail that's coming out of our mills. Out of our box plants, it's virtually 100% truck. So it's very skewed to trucking when you throw in the box plant. You can't ship boxes by rail. The rail system doesn't operate that way. So most of our shipments are trucked, and that's why diesel is such an important variable.
Unknown Executive: And the one thing on the box plant side, Scott, is that we can -- we obviously focus very much on cubing the trailers, because we can't weight out trailers in the box business, so you focus heavily on cubic miles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Atkinson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joe Licursi - BMO Capital Markets Canada: It's Joe Licursi. I don't know if you've covered this, but when you talk about the Counce turbo generator overhaul, do you expect any benefits, like in terms of additional production or lower cost, like incremental to what you're planning?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, this is just a 6-year routine overhaul, with the turbine going through all its maintenance requirements just to maintain it.
Paul T. Stecko: Just like your car, when you overhaul, you hope it runs good for another 6 years.
Joe Licursi - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay, so it's just maintenance, right?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Tumazos from John Tumazos Very.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: In the $0.45 guidance for the second quarter, what is your estimate of natural gas prices? And are there any other ingredient price estimates of note?
Mark W. Kowlzan: What we're seeing with natural gas, what we estimate is that natural gas remains flat at that low level we're currently experiencing.
Richard B. West: And John, we don't use much gas in our mills to speak of, but we do get a big savings in our box plants because most of our box plants' boilers are fired with natural gas, so the bulk of the savings will be in the box plants, not the mills.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: So does flat mean the same price and volumes used as the first quarter or as a year ago?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, you're going from winter season into a spring, summer season period. So typically, your usage volume does fall going into the warmer climate, warmer season. One other thing, we did have some physical contracts purchased out in advance but those did expire in the first quarter, so we will get a little bit of benefit from the fact that we'll be buying at the market price now versus the physical contract price. But it's not a huge number.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Quick one. We hear a lot about manufacturing perhaps seeing a renaissance here in the United States over the next number of years, given what's transpired in the emerging markets, given the cost position. Are there 2 or 3 concrete tangible evidences from what you see that that's in fact happening? Or from your vantage point, it's a lot of discussion, but really without a lot of reality at this juncture, in terms of manufacturing we're covering here, relative to where it had been in the U.S.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. George, let me take that. We have some tangible results but we're not going to share them with our competitors on this call. But there's a lot of tangible examples have been published in the Wall Street Journal over the last 2 months. So I think there's a lot of anecdotal evidence, very specific, that, that indeed has started to happen, and we certainly hope that it continues.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Paul, if that's happening, how long do you think it takes for the supply chain around manufacturing to build out, right? If manufacturing, say, of washing machine -- I mean, that's not the right example, is improving, your fabricators, your tool and die guys, all these guys have to start building back up again. Is that a 1-year or a 3-year phenomenon? Or how would you think about it?
Paul T. Stecko: The short answer is, "I don't know." I've never manufactured washing machines. But there are better people that you can ask than us. We simply don't know.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark W. Kowlzan: With no more questions, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at the next call. Have a good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman
Analysts: John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions.  Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2011 net income of $39 million or $0.40 per share. Reported results for the fourth quarter of 2010 were $53 million or $0.52 per share, excluding income from biofuel tax credits and asset disposal charges. The reduction in earnings per share compared to last year's fourth quarter were driven by cost inflation, $0.10, lower containerboard export prices, $0.03, increased depreciation, $0.02 and higher taxes and interest expense, $0.02. These items were partially offset by lower energy and chemical usage, $0.03, related to the energy project and higher corrugated products volume of $0.03. Excluding special items, full year earnings were $162 million or $1.61 per share compared to 2010 earnings of $166 million or $1.62 per share. Price and mix, $0.38, higher volume $0.17, and cost reduction benefits, $0.06 improved earnings, but was offset by cost inflation of $0.56 and higher depreciation expense of $0.05.  Net sales in the fourth quarter were $654 million, up 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 net sales of $627 million and full-year net sales were a record $2.6 billion, up 8% over 2010. Regarding operations, we had an exceptional quarter with record mill production and corrugated product shipments. In addition, we also accomplished several strategic objectives. We completed the major energy projects at our Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mills as scheduled and on budget, started up a new corrugated products plant in Reading, Pennsylvania and acquired a box plant in Denver, Colorado. Looking at the specific details of operations, our corrugated demand was very strong throughout the quarter, with shipments per workday up 9% over last year and total shipments up 7.2% with 1 less workday. The 9% per workday improvement and 7.2% increase in total shipments included 2.3% from 2011 box plant acquisitions. Excluding these acquisitions, we still had record shipments. The increased corrugated products volume improved earnings about $0.03 per share compared to last year's fourth quarter. Outside sales containerboard also remained strong equaling last year's fourth quarter. Our mills produced 640,000 tons, up 2,000 tons from last year. All 4 of the mills ran extremely well, especially our Counce and Valdosta mills, considering the start-up of the new recovery boiler and turbine at Valdosta and also the #2 recovery after the rebuild at Counce.  We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventory down about 11,000 tons below 2010 year end levels, and on plan to support our containerboard needs during our annual maintenance outages at both Valdosta and Counce in the first quarter. Valdosta will be down for about a week in February for their outage and at Counce, one machine will be down for 4 days in March, with the shutdown continuing into April. Moving to price, our domestic pricing for containerboard remained essentially unchanged from last year's fourth quarter and this year's third quarter. But pricing for export linerboard did fall during the fourth quarter with reduced earnings by about $0.03 per share. As stated earlier, higher input costs and other inflationary cost pressures reduced our earnings by about $0.10 per share compared to last year's fourth quarter. But on a positive note, the rate of inflation was less than in previous quarters. Higher outbound transportation costs reduced our earnings by about $0.03 per share, labor-related costs, including fringes, by about $0.025 per share, chemical cost increases, $0.015 per share, energy cost increases, $0.01 per share, and other cost increase items by $0.02 per share. Published prices for recycled fiber or old corrugated containers, excluding the delivery costs, were down about $15 per ton compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. The lower recycled fiber costs improved our earnings by only about $0.01 per share with our low usage but was essentially offset by lower recycled fiber sales prices out of our box plants.  I'm now going to turn it over to Richard West, our CFO, who will give you an update on financial matters.
Richard B. West: In the fourth quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $109 million, our uses of cash included total capital expenditures of $65 million, $18 million for the Counce and Valdosta energy projects, $13 million for strategic projects at our box plants and $34 million for normal capital expenditures. For the year, cash generated from operations was $346 million, total capital expenditures were $280 million, including $120 million for our major energy projects, $35 million for strategic box plant projects, and $125 million for normal capital expenditures.  During the quarter, we also repurchased 1,271,000 shares of our common stock for about $25 per share or $32 million, and paid our regular common stock dividend that amounted to approximately $20 million. For the year, we paid common stock dividends of $76 million and repurchased 4,824,000 shares of our common stock at $25.50 per share or $123 million.  As of December 31, 2011, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.6 million shares. On November 30, 2011, we acquired with cash, Colorado container, a corrugated products manufacturer in the Denver, Colorado area with annual sales of $27 million in 2010. We ended the year with $156 million cash on hand and total debt of $808 million. During the fourth quarter, we used $8 million of our available biofuel tax credits to offset cash taxes; and as of year end, we had estimated tax credits between $65 million and $167 million, with the final amount to be determined based upon the current IRS review of our amended 2009 tax return which was filed in December 2010.  We also applied for a Department of the Treasury Energy Reinvestment grant of $57 million last Thursday. If approved, we should expect to receive the funds in the second quarter. In terms of 2012 guidance for taxes, we expect our effective combined federal and state tax rate for income reporting purposes to average 36% for the year, and our cash tax rate to average about 21%. The difference driven by fuel tax credits and other tax deductions. Depreciation expense for 2012 is expected to be $170 million, up $6 million from 2011. A preliminary estimate of pretax pension expense and funding for 2012 is $39 million and $32 million, respectively. With pretax pension expense up $10 million over 2011 and funding up $10 million, driven by both expected lower discount rates and asset rates of return. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Before I move to the first quarter outlook, to sum up 2011, we knew it would be a difficult and challenging year. Our entire organization responded well to those challenges. At our mills, we set an all-time production record despite having about 40,000 tons of project-related downtime and machine slowbacks during the year. And we completed our energy project on schedule at our original estimated project capital of $295 million.  In corrugated products, we set an all-time record for corrugated product shipments, plus we acquired 3 box plants, started up a new box plant and completed major equipment installations and start-ups at 3 other box plants. Despite significant inflationary cost pressures, our earnings of $1.61 per share were only $0.01 per share lower than our all-time record results set last year. Entering 2012, we are well positioned to benefit from the strategic efforts we completed in 2011, both in terms of earnings and reduced capital expenditures. From a cash standpoint, capital expenditures for 2012 are expected to be about $110 million, down $170 million from 2011. We plan to continue to make strategic box plant acquisitions and also return excess cash to our shareholders through both common stock dividends and share repurchases.  Moving to the first quarter outlook, corrugated product shipments should be higher with 4 additional workdays compared to the fourth quarter, and we also expect a full quarter's earnings benefit from our major energy projects. We expect normal first quarter cost increases from colder weather, annual maintenance outages at our Counce and Valdosta mills, timing-related employee benefits, a higher tax rate and pension expense. Average export container board prices are expected to be lower, reflecting the full impact of the fourth quarter price changes. Considering all of these items, we currently estimate our first-quarter earnings at about $0.40 per share.  With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions but I must remind you that some of the statements we made on this call constitute forward-looking statements. The statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that operator, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just one question on the energy projects. It sounds like they've gotten off to a very good start. So does that mean that in the first quarter, we will see all of the benefits kind of on a run-rate basis showing up? Or would there be potentially be incremental benefits as the year progresses?
Mark W. Kowlzan: As the year winds on, we'll see the continued benefits accumulate. The projects are complete and everything is running as we expected. So from that point of view, the first quarter benefits that we would expect, will be there. But again as the second and third quarter are compiled, we'll see the biggest benefits from the project through the summer months into the early fall. Those being our best months in terms of the shutdowns are behind us, all 4 mills are running. But in respect to Counce and Valdosta, theoretically they'd be in their most optimum run position.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So operationally everything is in place and it's just because second and third quarter, you've got more volume and so there is more benefit?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes.
Paul T. Stecko: Mark, this is Paul. What I said on the last call, when we got through everything, we gave what we thought the benefit would be, but it's not linear. I think when you net-netted everything, between the project and the increased and lack of shutdown, we got to about a $0.26 number, but it's not linear because it follows volume. The more you make, the bigger the benefit because you need more energy to make it, you need more chemicals and that's what -- and more electricity, and that is what the projects saves. And so our biggest production quarters has historically been the second and third quarter, you'll get a bigger benefit from the project there than the first quarter. But we're up and running, we expect the full first quarter's benefit because we've come up so well, and -- but as I said and Mark said, the benefits are not linear. They are a function of the total production that's made in that quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it. And one other, the share repurchase authorization, obviously, you're generating lots of cash. Where are you in terms of how much you have left on that, repurchase authorization?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, we have $1 million left from our prior authorization, plus the full 150 from our current authorization. So in total we have $150 million -- $151 million of share repurchase authorization remaining.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You referenced weaker export markets throughout the quarter. Can you talk about what you're seeing in January, whether you're seeing any kind of stabilization there? And then with domestic demand, how has the market shaped up so far?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Tom, go ahead and why don't you shed some light on that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Okay, Anthony, let me first mention export. I think, both in demand and pricing it's pretty much bottomed out. Now of course, currency has a lot to play in that role so we'll just have to see what happens. And on the domestic side, I mean, things are relatively stable. And it's, you see the numbers that's happening in the industry. And our domestic customers have fared quite well with the economy moving forward although at a slower pace than we'd like.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The only thing Anthony, that I would add to that, Paul mentioned currency, and that's very important. But it's most important in Europe where the euro is, as you know, because of the banking crisis over there, the debt crisis, their currency has really come down against the dollar. Rest of the world currency is not as big a concern as Europe. But the euro has gone from roughly 145 at a high to 125, that's a huge swing. And that affects the price realization. So that's the most important market in the world, currency-wise.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And can you remind us roughly how much of your exports are going to Europe? Or are euro-based?
Mark W. Kowlzan: What we've said basically, historically, 1/3 of our -- we have 3 big markets in the world. Europe, South America and China, and it'll vary year-to-year. But 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, and that can vary up or down, but that's the order of magnitude description of our export business.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Thank you, and with the Reading facility on line and your recent acquisitions, can you estimate roughly what your current box plant integration level is? And if 90% is still the target, what is the bridge that kind of gets you from here to there looking at expansions versus acquisitions versus outperforming the industry?
Mark W. Kowlzan: With the current status, with the success of the energy projects and the mill's performance, we're still at the 80% level of integration even with the 3 acquisitions and the Reading plant. So the goal is still 90, and so that's the goal. But we're still down at that lower 80% area on integration.
Paul T. Stecko: But we didn't get of course, the full benefit of the acquisitions, nor the Reading plant in 2011 which will help us going into 2012.
Mark W. Kowlzan: If you think about 2011, of the gains that were made on the corrugated products out of the business, a little more than 1% for the full year was contributed from the acquisitions. So about 1% out of the 5% improvement for the year.
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's Tom Hassfurther's job and it's his job to increase the integration level by selling more boxes. It's getting increasingly difficult because our mills continue to be more and more productive. And so doesn't -- not only does he have to gain, he has to also offset the increased production of a couple of percent a year that we usually get out of our mills. We've got his treadmill on about a 45-degree angle but he's hanging in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: One thing that I noticed that -- seems quite impressive and just wanted some color on this is, if you look at your corrugated shipments in the fourth quarter this year, just looking at the percentages over the 4 years, it's about 10% above what it was in the fourth quarter of '07 when we started to really step into the great recession. And I noticed, that most likely depending on what they report for December that we're probably down 7% over the same period for the industry. So that's quite a phenomenal difference that you guys have generated. And I was just wondering simply, is this only because your customers are growing faster than the more national account-oriented customers at your competition or is there something more going on here? Do you feel you might be actually taking some customers from other people and that might account for it as well?
Mark W. Kowlzan: If you look at the last 10 years, you will see the trend that has built that performance. And then also as we've spoken for the last 2 years, the strategic activity in the box plants with the -- where we identified about a half dozen of our key box plants that could utilize capacity enhancements. We've concluded all but one of the box plants. So last year, we completed 3 of those strategic upgrades along with the Reading plant. So we've enhanced, over the last 2 years, 5 out of our 6 box plants to take advantage of demand that was there that we could never fulfill. And with that, Tom why don't you shed some light on some of the details across the board, because I think we've got -- again this is a nationwide volume.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Chip, I would just add that when our sales approach is really a -- really requires a long sales cycle because we're out selling value as opposed to price. And it takes quite a while to get those accounts and prospects online. And we've been very fortunate that many of those opportunities have come together. And of course as I mentioned before, we've spent a lot of time selecting our customer base and who we're going after so that we can grow with them over the long haul. And yes, in fact, they did weather the recession and the downturn, better than some of their competitors. And as a result of that, we've been able to take advantage of some of the opportunities that they've allowed us with regard to growth. And of course they've grown their export markets and they've grown their domestic markets. And as Mark mentioned, we have spent our capital and strategic investments including the Reading plant in areas where we were literally out of capacity and we needed to add capacity to be able to take advantage of that. And of course -- and then finally, of course this year and going into 2012, the addition of the acquisitions will give us a 2% to 3% bump and we're -- and they've quite frankly exceeded our expectations. So I think as long as we continue down this path of hard work, we're well positioned for the future.
Paul T. Stecko: And this is Paul. Just to amplify, give you some numbers on the comment Mark made. What you cite is true since 2007 and those numbers we're obviously pleased with. But this has been a decade-long phenomenon. If you go back 10 years, the beginning of the decade to the end of the decade, basically our volume, these are rough numbers, are up 30% and the industry was flat over that same time period. So this is not a recent phenomenon, this has continued for long time and I think it's a testament to what Tom just said, our business model is finding customers who appreciate value and who we think will grow, and then we work very hard to give them value which, in the end is, more important than anything.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. Also one could say it even might have accelerated some in recent years versus the progress you had early on. So congrats on that. And then just, I would ask secondly, as we look at 2012 and you look at the various cost items, it would seem like obviously you're not buying really that much natural gas any more which is going to help people. But what about wood costs? Are you seeing a continued sort of edging down of wood cost especially in the south or are there other factors that might cause that to reverse or head back up?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Wood cost has been flat. And I think again everything you read supports that. But 2011 was from a weather point of view, was pretty tame, so as we finished up the year, wood stayed in a relatively close trading range. And with regard to natural gas, we have taken advantage of some below spot prices over the last couple of months now. And one example of that was at Counce mill, during the Christmas holidays, we had a boiler outage on the big power boiler. And we were able to burn that natural gas in the newly rebuilt recovery boilers and take advantage of that. But again, we do have that flexibility, just to remind everybody, in many of our locations.
Paul T. Stecko: And Chip, just to amplify a point Mark brought up, a very important point about our energy project. We've given guidance on how much it should contribute to EPS over the year. And that comes in the category of cost savings, that the project is saving us money. But there's another category and we had a really -- Mark just brought up a very good example of it, called cost avoidance. Now cost avoidance doesn't contribute to EPS but it prevents it from going down. And we had a tube failure in a power boiler in December and we had planned to replace some panels during the annual shutdown and unfortunately we didn't make it all the way, we missed by a couple of months. And when it's our biggest power boiler, burns wood waste and when we lost it, normally in the old days, we would have to run the mill at half capacity. One machine. And we needed tons, but with the rebuilt, the recovery boilers, their steam generation capacity is a lot higher. We actually put load burners in that recovery boiler and we burned liquor and natural gas at the same time. And instead of losing 1,500 tons a day of production, we only lost 300 tons a day of production. And so that roughly 7,000, 8,000 tons of production that we made probably prevent -- if we figure out what it's worth, it probably prevented earnings from going down $0.03 a share. It didn't improve them, but that's the other big benefit of this new project. We have a lot of flexibility now that when you get into upset conditions or maintenance outages, you're much better able to cope and offset cost that otherwise we could not have done in the past. So we were very surprised how well we could run that mill without that big power boiler.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, I'm just curious with these energy projects finished now. Does that debottleneck these mills at all and really give you the opportunity over the next few years to look at actually increasing capacity at either Counce or Valdosta?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and a good example of that, Mark, as the projects were coming to completion through the fall, in parallel, we had been performing other capital work projects in the pulp mill, caustic plant at both Valdosta and Counce. And when the boilers were completed, we were able to take advantage of a new level of optimization in the pulp mill and caustic plant areas that give us more pulping capabilities. And so the paper machines are able to take advantage of that. So I think to answer your question, yes, we are in a position now to take the mills to a whole different level of optimization. And continue to creep that capacity with minimal expenditures.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, can you give us any sense of sort of what a timeline might look like on that or what the incremental volume might be over the next few years?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well again if you look at 2011, we produced 2.5 million tons in a year that we actually had about 40,000 tons of extra planned outage capacity out. So we did have productivity improvements during the year from the energy projects and the efforts. But based on current machine production capabilities, if you think about it, the capacity is probably 2.575 million tons or up about 3% from the 2011 production. And if you think about where we go from there, 2% to 3% productivity improvements per year is not to be -- that would be expected from the activity we have.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's very encouraging. Second question I had. On the export side of the equation, can you just ballpark for us how much of your open market sales go into the export market? And then also give us a sense of whether export pricing kind of is varying by those different markets you talked about. Because I was always under the impression that, that heavyweight product you sold into places like Latin America might be a little more stable versus some other export markets?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. I think, traditionally, if you look at our volume, about 20% of what we produce in the mills goes to outside sales. And of that 20%, historically, about half, 10%, is going offshore and 10% is staying domestic. That number has been pretty consistent. On the second part of your question, I think you are -- with the issues in Europe, we saw bigger declines of pricing in Europe. But some of the regions such as South America and Central America, prices have been more stable relative to that.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. But Mark, I would say that, that's not correct, that you're assumption is not correct. Our demand in Europe and South America, I would say, the stability has been the same historically because we're not really spot players. We've had long-term customers, long-term relations in both Europe and South America. Wood cost is the volatility now, and in Europe it's this huge swing in currency. And I would have said that without the currency swing, Europe is just as stable for us as South America. And the market that was the more volatile of the 3 was the Far East.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And that's both from a volume and from a pricing side?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Mark, I'm just wondering if you could help us -- remind us what your strategic view of integration levels really is. Your capacity is growing, you're struggling to keep up there, but you are going out and picking up new box plants on the outside. You've always talked about sales into the independent market being a strategically important piece. Can you give us a sense of what those targets are as you think about buying new box plants?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, the target remains 90%. And as we've spoken at different times over the last 2 years, part of the effort to get to the 90% included at least one acquisition a year. So it's interesting that Tom was able to accomplish 3 acquisitions last year, plus the start-up of the new Reading plant. So we added 4 new box plants last year. And still, with the dramatic improvement seen at the mills, we held at that lower 80% integration. But still, to answer your question, the target remains 90%. We're going to continue as we are right now, looking at opportunities for acquisitions and continuing to enhance the existing box plant capabilities.
Paul T. Stecko: And Mark, this is Paul. There's nothing magic about 90%. We kind of picked that number because it's higher than 80% and it's less than 100%. But there's a reason for that. As you know, we make money at both our box plants and our mills. So every time that we sell into the outside market, does not avail us the opportunity to make money in the box plant on those tons. So we don't like to lose that piece of the profit. So you can then say, well, why not go to 100%? And the reason for that is, as Tom has further pointed out, we're outselling value to our box customers, and there's a lot of things that constitute value from performance of the product to service, but also on dependability of supply, both when things are good and bad. So we would never get to 100% because our customers know that we offer them supply assurance, and that 10% buffer is sufficient to be able to always make that statement that we can supply all of our domestic box customers. And that's why it's 90%. Now if it ends up 88% or 92%, there's really not that much difference.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So presumably, you don't have a specific export target because you think of it in terms of every individual piece of business and whether it makes any money?
Paul T. Stecko: That's right. That's exactly right. We're very customer-centric.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America Securities.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just want to continue on that last sort of line of questioning. As you look at the strategy over the last 10-plus years, it's clearly been successful, at least looking at your returns. And you continue to have the opportunity to grow your mill production, apparently at very high margins. How long do you think you can continue with the existing strategy, Paul or Mark, in a containerboard market that overall remains flat? What hope do you have? What signs do you see that perhaps kind of domestic manufacturing will be rebounding in the next few years such that the containerboard market overall, which has been flat over the last 10-plus years, actually sees some growth in the upcoming years, which would help you in turn grow even more profitably?
Mark W. Kowlzan: The first part of your question, we believe that our strategy can continue on where we're looking at opportunities within the box plants that are available to us. We continue to believe that we can make good acquisitions as we go forward. And along with that, support those acquisitions with volume improvements within the mills. And we think that the market, as far as whether it's -- you're saying flat, we don't think it's flat. We think there is improvement in the North American footprint. So we're encouraged, and we think we can continue on with this trajectory.
Paul T. Stecko: Back on that point about growth, it has been flat for a decade. But we think with what's happening in the world, some of the perils of doing business in China and Mexico is forcing some business back to the U.S. I think if the U.S. is to solve its deficit problem, there will be some recapitalization of American enterprise involved. And we think the fundamentals for corrugated growth as we enter the new decade appear a lot better than entering the previous decade once we get through the volatility of the financial situation in Europe and the deficit. But our prognosis is long-term. This next 10 years is going to be a lot better than the previous 10 years. And now of course, you can say anything's better than 0, and you'd be right. But we are optimistic about the future.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Paul, I know it's hard to project this sort of thing, but if we think about the next 2 to 3 years, on the one hand, for now anyway, it sounds like you have completed most of the strategic investments that you had expected to do within your box system. On the other hand, you may have a domestic market that's recovering. Do you anticipate the use of cash being more or less balanced as it has been in prior years? Or do you think you have the opportunity to do more buyback since the strategic investment cycle maybe is decelerating for you?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, this is Paul, let me take that question. Mark and Tom Hassfurther, their primary job is to generate as much cash as possible. And I let them do that for the last couple of years and they're doing well. Me and Rick, we look at how we're going to use that cash. So not that they're not involved, but they got to make it, and we got to figure the best use of it. And we had a terrific year cash-wise as far as I'm concerned. We purchased almost 5 million shares of stock, and it gets us down to 97 million and change in the number of shares. We've paid out almost $80 million in dividends, and we've made 3 very good acquisitions. And what we've said is that once we feel more certainty about the long-term prospect for earnings, the projects are online, we'll see what happens with this debt crisis in Europe and how it might or might not affect the economy in the U.S. and where's the next move on pricing in this industry, has it stayed the same, is it up, it's down. The next thing we got to take a hard look at, and we're already taking a hard look at, is where we move the dividend. And that's something that we will evaluate on a continuing basis because as we said last year, we see both share buyback and dividends as the 2 primary vehicles to return value to shareholders. And we still think that while we're adding box plants, the capital required for box plants is modest compared to these megaprojects in the mills. And the good news is we're done with the big CapEx in the mills. This energy project, as Mark said, puts us at a new status, and his conversation with a previous questioner, it gives us some flexibility in the mill in terms of productivity improvement. So we're really down to 3 things. Share buyback, which we've done a lot of. Dividends, which we raised once since the recession, and that's something we're going to look at. But there's the 3 primary vehicles for cash usage.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Paul just last one. Early January trends, if you can comment on that, that'd be great.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. If you look at the first 12 days of the box plant cut of activity, on a bookings and billings point of view, we're up a strong 10% on both bookings and billings for the first 12 days. So things are looking very good for January and trending along with the same pace that we ended the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want to follow on George's question about return of cash to shareholders. Would you say at this point you guys are at an optimal leverage? Or would you consider raising the leverage to return more cash to shareholders? Or would it have to be, perhaps, for some other kind of opportunity? How are you thinking about that?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, I think most people -- we think we're leveraged about right. And of course, we've said that for the last 5 years. And I would say, a lot of the people that follow us probably would say we're under leveraged, that we could take on more leverage. But we do have a conservative bias to us. So we don't see our leverage changing very much. And so that's one thing I didn't mention, that we had no plans to take on debt or pay down debt. We're kind of happy with where we are, which means that the decision with regard to box plant acquisitions against small capital, debit increase and share buyback won't be affected by our leverage. They will be more affected by external factors in terms of how much cash we think we can generate going forward. But the debt doesn't play virtually any role at all on those decisions.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just the second question is, could you share with us your maintenance downtime plans, kind of by quarter for this year?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, we only give one quarter at a time. But if you look at the first quarter, we're taking Valdosta down for about a week. And then one of the machines at Counce, the #2 machine, will be down in the second quarter. But the first machine will be down, #1 machine at Counce, for approximately 5 days. But the tonnage impact for Valdosta and Counce for the first quarter is a little over 17,000 tons. So it's a little lighter than normal first quarter because we had shifted part of the Counce effort into the second quarter. But that's the impact. A little over 17,000 tons of planned outage for the first quarter.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. And when we talked to you on the last call, we had planned to take the full Counce downtime in the first quarter, as is our normal practice. But when we had that power boiler tube failure in December, we had had a plan to continually to replace panels in that boiler. But when we had a tube failure, we decided to pool up next year's replacement into this year and not take any chances. And so we had to get a few more extra panels, and we couldn't get them delivered until the beginning of April. And so we simply then extended that shutdown, half in March or so and half in April. And that's why it got pushed to the second quarter, to best maximize the use of downtime with regard to that boiler. And so that's why it's a little different this year. There'll be a touch more downtime in the second quarter than normal and a touch less in the first quarter than normal.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then Just one last question. I think you said in the fourth quarter the year-over-year impact of labor and benefits was about $0.025. So if I annualize that, that'd be about $0.10 annually. Is it fair to say that's kind of the right run rate this year, and then you have pension on top of that in terms of the incremental $10 million expense that you talked about? Is that the right way to think about that?
Mark W. Kowlzan: That is combined. It includes both labor and fringes, and we would expect essentially the same thing going into 2012. However, you never know what's going to happen to medical. That's the real one that could be anywhere, an increase from -- it can run anywhere, increasing from 10% to 20% in a given year. So that's just -- that's the open. But in general, I would expect it to be about the same going into '12.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kabili from Credit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit on the box plants. And you mentioned you were able to do kind of an above trend, 3 acquisitions this year. What are you seeing out there? Is the pipeline and what you're looking at indicative that you can continue to go above trend this year? Well, understanding it's hard to predict? And the follow on to that is at the current stock price, do you have sort of a preference in terms of share buybacks versus acquisitions incrementally, which way you want to lean towards?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, let me answer the first question regarding acquisitions and that predictability going forward. I can tell you, it's not predictable. These things, when they present themselves, you have to be prepared to be able to take advantage of it. And some of them we even try to create on our own to some extent. But we're very disciplined in terms of what we want from an acquisition. We obviously want very talented people. We want a great customer base, and we want to have them immediately accretive to earnings. So it's a pretty high standard for what we set regarding acquisitions. And if enough present themselves and it's the right opportunity, we take advantage of it. So it's very difficult to predict.
Paul T. Stecko: And the second part of your question, the amount of capital in the box plants really is not -- we figure, $40 million a year, we'd be happy if we could get that much done on box plant acquisitions. And we did a little better than that this year. But that's normally -- you find 1 in a year, or 2. Good ones, they're hard to find because of all of the reasons that Tom talked about. But that does not really affect the biggest piece of the cash, which has been going to share buyback and dividends. And in terms -- both share buyback and dividends have advantages. And our share count's now down from 104.5 million shares to 97 million in change. That has a nice effect on EPS. It gives us more leverage, if you've got faith in the business going forward. The fewer the shares, the more leverage. And we like that at dividends. And if you feel that your stock is undervalued, then it's a good deal for shareholders. And so that all plays a part in it. Dividends, on the other hand, shareholders like dividends. Successful companies pay dividends. And even though our return is one of the higher in our industries right now, I would argue that a higher return is good for shareholders. And so it's a balance, and the answer changes at different times. It depends where your shares are valued, et cetera. But the dividend is important to shareholders, and we recognize that.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I was trying to get a sense of which way you're leaning towards right at this moment. If you have a view.
Paul T. Stecko: When we have a view on that, we'll make an announcement. That's not something we normally discuss at an earnings call.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to also follow up and clarify the energy project. Are you still looking at an incremental $0.21 for 2012, if I have that right?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. What we said at the end of the -- at our third quarter earnings release conference call, we said we would have about $0.21 per share and direct benefits from cost reduction, as well as some productivity. Then we would expect -- if we do not have the downtime and slowbacks that we had in 2011 for project-related activities, which would add another $0.10 to get us to $0.31, and then we would not be able to capitalize interest as it relates to the project. So that would take away $0.05. So we gave an indication of about $0.26. Of course, the $0.10 on the demand will depend upon demand going throughout the rest of the year. The $0.21 in direct cost reduction and productivity, we really still -- we feel good about that, might be a little bit higher.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And to clarify that, I know that -- you noted earlier it wasn't linear. Is there a way to think about the first quarter, what we're getting on energy project, if there's a way to quantify that?
Paul T. Stecko: No, we're not going to get into that. There's so many factors that can influence, how much the energy project benefits are, whether it be prices, fuel prices, whether it be production. That's not something, Al, that we'd like to get into. We do think we're getting good benefits, especially by the fact that you don't have to buy as much fuel in colder weather. And that's a real positive.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Bottom line on that question with the number, we think if everything continues to run as well as we're seeing it run, there's actually upside to that number as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Inflation was obviously a headwind for you guys in 2011. It looks like the rate of change is declining and certainly what is working in your favor. How should we be thinking about inflation for 2012?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, it's hard to say. Who knows what's going to happen with weather conditions and how it impacts starch? That's a big component of our chemical cost, so that's going to be a big factor. Whatever happens to recycled fiber is going to be a big factor. And I would say third, transportation, what happens to oil prices can really impact our transportation costs. All I can say is from the cost that dropped significantly during the economic downturn, they're back, from our standpoint, more in line with pre-economic downturn levels. So intuitively, you would not expect the inflation to be as much in 2012 as you had in 2011.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then some of the other paper packaging companies, not necessarily in containerboard, have set a de-stocking. It doesn’t seem like you saw any of that impacting Q4, but just want to get your -- any incremental color on that. And it looks like demand is off to a good start the first quarter. Are you seeing any restocking from your customers?
Richard B. West: No. I mean, we're not seeing anything to that effect.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, you quantified the export impact -- export price incoming impact for Q4. I think it was a $0.03 number. Can you quantify what the full quarter impact would be in Q1?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. We don't break out the differentials. We'll report on that after we get our results.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Tumazos from Very Independent Research.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: The recent natural gas prices in the low $2 are a big surprise. Would your energy-saving investments have paid off at current gas prices? And presumably, those investments are a necessary state in business, replace and update equipment nonetheless?
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think, even at the lower natural gas prices, the fact that the recovery boilers have improved their efficiency to convert liquor into chemicals and steam have improved so dramatically, the benefits still far outweighing the lowering gas price. So lower gas prices is just an incremental benefit in the entire picture right now. But the projects are still generating the returns that we would have expected.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Because you can't burn -- you'd have to burn so much liquor. You can't replace liquor with natural gas, or you couldn't make paper because you've got to recover the chemicals. And so the heart of our project has been in the recovery boilers, and we're just simply generating twice as much steam with the same amount of liquor. Now to make it -- and we're making electricity out of that steam, so we get another benefit. But the savings would have been less because we theoretically could have bought a turbine and made that electricity. But that remains to be seen because when utilities start burning gas, well, that means electricity prices are going to go up or down, and that natural gas is going to stay where it is. So it's a complicated question. But I would say, if we were on 100% gas, the return would have been less. But it's academic as we burn very little gas to start with. So we wouldn't have saved that much because we weren't burning gas anyway.
Operator: You have a follow-up question or comment from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just one clarification. Totally understood on the energy reinvestment grant that, that could come in the second quarter. In terms of the Black Liquor credits, does -- if that money comes to you, is that by way of lower cash taxes? Or is that additive? Is it a payment that you would get that would be separate from the cash tax rate being at 21%? Or what have you?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. Rick, why don’t you go ahead?
Richard B. West: Yes. It's not additive. What's built into the 21% cash tax rate is the continuing usage of the biofuel credits, getting from whether it be the 65 to the 167 dependent upon the IRS audit, it would just mean a continuation of that 21% cash tax rate longer. So it's just an additive amount to the amount of funds that we would have available to retain the 21% cash tax rate over time. Now that -- once again, just for clarification, the grant is separate. That is a cash payment from the government that we would receive all at once.
Operator: We have a follow-up question or comment from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, just 2 real quick ones. Rick, that grant, you said you'd find about it in the second quarter. Is that also when you would receive the cash in all likelihood?
Richard B. West: Yes. If it is approved, we would receive the cash, hopefully in the second quarter. That's not a guarantee, but that's what we're looking at.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question. Tom Hassfurther, I think you mentioned the you thought that the export volume and export pricing had bottomed or was bottoming, and I wondered if you could put any color around that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, it's really hard to put a lot of color around that. It's just speculation based on what we hear and that sort of stuff. Now keep in mind though that, as Paul mentioned earlier, our target markets in export have to do with long-term relationships, some specialty markets, heavyweights, some other things like that. So we're basing it on a customer base that we have and what we see going on with our customers. But of course, the big wild card, as we mentioned earlier, is currency. And depending on what goes on with the currency and the stability of the currency can dramatically impact what goes on certainly in Europe especially, but also obviously in South America and Central America.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And I had been picking up a little bit recently that maybe there were some moves afoot to try to start to restore export pricing later here in the first quarter?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, we don't comment on quotes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark W. Kowlzan: If there are no more questions, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you on the next call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas A. Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products Richard B. West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Mark W. Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul T. Stecko - Executive Chairman
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Phillip Marriott - First Eagle Investment Management, LLC Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Your host for today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter 2011 net income of $42 million or $0.42 per share, which included after-tax charges of $1 million or $0.01 per share from asset disposals related to major energy projects. Results excluding these charges were net income of $43 million or $0.43 per share compared to the third quarter of 2010 net income of $62 million or $0.60 per share, which excludes income from cellulosic biofuel credits and asset disposal charges. Higher volume improved earnings by $0.04 per share compared to last year's third quarter but was more than offset by inflationary driven cost increases totaling $0.18 per share, sales mix of about $0.02 per share and price changes of $0.01 per share. The cost increases were in transportation, $0.04 per share; recycled fiber, $0.04 per share; labor and benefits, $0.04 per share; energy, $0.02 per share; chemicals, $0.02 per share; and other items, $0.02 per share. Excluding special items, net income for the first 9 months of 2011 was $122 million or $1.21 per share compared to $113 million or $1.10 per share in 2010, an $0.11 per share increase. The earnings increase was driven by pricing mix of $0.41 per share, increased volume of $0.15 per share, lower interest expense of $0.03 per share and lower energy usage of $0.03 per share. These items were partially offset by inflation and other cost increases of $0.51 per share for essentially the same areas noted in the third quarter. Net sales in the third quarter were $671 million, up 4.4% compared to the third quarter of 2010, and year-to-date net sales were a record $2 billion, up 8.7% over 2010. Overall, we had a very good quarter operationally with record corrugated shipments and mill production, and we continue to make significant progress on our major energy projects at our Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia linerboard mills. Higher input costs, however, continued to be an issue, significantly reducing earnings.  Looking at the specific details of operations, our corrugated demand was very strong throughout the quarter, up 6.6% over last year. Acquisitions added 1.4% of the 6.6% volume improvement. But even after adjusting for these acquisitions, we still had record shipments. Our outside sales of containerboard also remained strong, equal to last year's third quarter and up 3,000 tons over the second quarter of this year. Increased volumes in both containerboard and corrugated products improved earnings by about $0.04 per share compared to last year's third quarter. Our mills produced 650,000 tons, setting a quarterly production record, up 4,000 tons from the third quarter of 2010. Each of our 4 mills ran extremely well, taking advantage of the normal efficiencies following an annual outage. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories down about 22,000 tons below the 2010 year-end levels. So you can see we're in good shape here. Moving to price and mix. Our prices were down slightly compared to last year due mainly to changes in our sales mix. The change in mix reduced our earnings by $0.02 per share, and other price changes reduced our earnings by about $0.01 per share. As stated earlier, higher input costs and other inflationary cost pressures reduced our earnings by about $0.18 per share compared to last year's third quarter. Looking at these cost increases, higher outbound transportation costs reduced our earnings by about $0.04 per share, compared to last year's third quarter. The increase in costs was driven by higher diesel prices and fuel surcharges, as well as increased demand on the nationwide truck fleets and rail systems. Published prices for recycled fiber or old corrugated containers, excluding delivery costs, were up about $55 per ton compared to the third quarter of 2010. The higher recycled fiber cost reduced our earnings by about $0.04 per share. Last year's third quarter was the low point of recycled fiber prices in 2010. And since that time, prices have increased above 50%. Recycled fiber prices in the third quarter were also up about $15 per ton over the second quarter of this year. Prices for recycled fiber fell in October and are now about $5 per ton below the third quarter average. We do expect recycled prices to fall further in November. Labor costs were $0.02 per share above last year's third quarter, driven by annual wage increases and fringe benefit costs were $0.02 per share higher, primarily in medical and workers' compensation costs. Energy cost increases reduced earnings by about $0.02 per share compared to last year's third quarter as costs for coal and purchased bark increased, and electricity rates were also higher. Chemical cost increases reduced our earnings by about $0.02 per share compared to last year's third quarter. Caustic soda prices experienced the largest increase and were up about $70 per ton or 20% compared to the third quarter of last year. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give you an update on certain financial matters.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. Capital expenditures were $70 million during the quarter, which included $31 million for normal capital expenditures, $31 million for the Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects and $8 million for strategic projects at our box plants. On September 10, we also acquired with cash Packaging Materials Company, a corrugated products manufacturer in the Huntsville, Alabama area, with sales of $20 million in 2010. During the quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares of our common stock for about $24 per share or $48 million and paid our regular common stock dividend that amounted to approximately $20 million. Our diluted shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were 98.7 million, down from 105.2 million at the beginning of 2008. As we reported on October 12, we made some significant changes to our credit agreements. We increased the line of credit under our existing asset securitization or receivables revolver from $150 million to $200 million, of which only $109 million is drawn. We entered into a new 5-year bank credit facility, which increased lines of credit under our undrawn bank revolver from $150 million to $250 million. And we also borrowed $150 million in a 5-year term loan at a current interest rate of less than 2%. We elected to replenish our available cash now with a very low cost term loan and also increased our available liquidity, giving us significant financial flexibility. As of October 17, cash on hand, including the proceeds from the term loan, was $160 million, and our total debt was $808 million. During the quarter, we utilized $4 million of our available biofuel tax credits, and at quarter end, we have estimated tax credits remaining from between $73 million to $175 million, with the final amount to be determined based upon the current IRS review of our amended 2009 tax return, which was filed in December 2010. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Before moving to the fourth quarter outlook, I want to update you on the status of the energy project at our Valdosta, Georgia and Counce, Tennessee linerboard mills. We completed the rebuild of the Counce #1 recovery boiler as planned with no major issues. The rebuild of the #2 recovery boiler at Counce began on September 27 and is expected to be completed in mid-November. Work is proceeding on the recovery boiler and turbine at Valdosta. And if everything goes well as we expect, the energy projects at both Counce and Valdosta will be completed and operating as intended no later than December 1. We expect final project capital expenditures to be at our original approved amount of $295 million. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect lower corrugated product shipments and mill production compared to the third quarter as a result of normal seasonal changes in demand, plus 4 less corrugated product shipping days. The last time there was a 4 day difference in shipping days between the third and fourth quarter was in the fourth quarter of 2005. The lower corrugated shipments and mill production will increase production costs, and there will be the normal seasonal increase in costs with colder weather. Our interest expense will also be almost $0.02 per share higher with our recent refinancing and reduced capitalized interest with the start up of the energy projects. Recycled fiber costs should be lower, and we should receive additional benefits from the energy projects, assuming that we start up without incident, which we expect to be the case. Considering these items, we currently expect our fourth quarter earnings to be about $0.37 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Operator, you can open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What was the downtime in the quarter? And are you still expecting -- I believe you said a similar amount would be in the fourth quarter, so I just wanted a quick update on that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, Phil, as we've talked about all year long, we anticipated about 10,000 tons in the quarter, which was pretty much right where we were, right at the 10,000-ton mark with the Counce slowed back with the recovery boiler rebuilding activities. In the fourth quarter, we expect the same amount.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then I know your volumes typically outperform the industry, but just kind of looking at the organic volume outperformance, it's really accelerated these past 2 quarters. So I was wondering if you could talk about -- give any color about what's driving that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. Tom's with us. I'm going to let him go ahead and shed some light on that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Phil, let's just go through the math first, I think, just to make it a little easier. We're up 6.6% for the quarter. Acquisitions, as Mark mentioned, added 1.4% to our quarterly results. The remaining 5.2% of growth came from our existing plants. Now as I mentioned in previous calls, we've been out of capacity at numerous plants where we have additional business available. We've made the investments in those plants as part of our integration strategy, and we now are able to handle that business, and we're seeing the results from those investments. In addition to growing with our long-term customers, we have added some new customers as well.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And can you give any color around maybe specific end markets that you're targeting for these businesses?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: No. No, by that I mean it's pretty broad-based.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the price mix issue in the quarter, what was the driver of that? Was some of that seasonal, or was there anything in particular there?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Phil, there are a number of items which impact our mix: changes in customers and product mix, export versus domestic, linerboard sales, big swings as well as the percent of value added products. I think when you're growing the business as fast as Tom's been growing it from both the acquisitions and the organic growth, the $0.02 change in mix is not really large. It represents only about 0.5% of the total sales. And on the price side, our prices were down slightly, primarily in the export market, plus we did have some timing impact quarter-over-quarter in the domestic containerboard prices as a result of pulp and paper rescinding last year's August price increase in September. Other than that, prices have remained very stable.
Paul T. Stecko: This is Paul. On the price, the biggest price changes, very small if any, but pulp and paper did raise the price. We announced price increases. We got price increases last August. Pulp and paper came out with only 40 instead of 60, and then at the end of September, they rescinded to 40. But we had that bubble in there in August and September when we got higher prices. And back to October, it went back to the original price. So you see that in this year-over-year comparison, and that's the biggest difference. That's the biggest contributor to that $0.01 difference. But again, $0.01 is a pretty small number.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess the first question I have, as we think about the remaining work you have to do on the projects and the downtime that you need to take, do you have a peg, an estimate thus far on where inventory might be for the fourth quarter either up or down? It looks like, from my math, third quarter, you're up a few thousand tons versus 2Q sequentially. Would you agree with that as well?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, we're up to 3,000 tons. We're right where we wanted to be, and we're down 22,000 tons from the beginning of the year. And we expect the inventories to remain at this level, so ending up the year flat from where we are right now.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, the other thing I'd add, George, is we're going -- we're up about 3,000, and I wish we were up 5,000 because we're going into October first half and November, which, in a six-week period, is a busy six-week period of the year. And so we're really pretty close to where we want to be on inventories, especially for these next 6 weeks [indiscernible] about 3 to go.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess the next question I had, Paul or Mark, as you look at the projects, I know you've been asked this question before, but do you have any further update on what return you expect from Counce and Valdosta? Do you still think you're trending at 20% after-tax? And related point, as I look out to next year, it looks like input cost could be a tailwind for a change for you. Would you agree or disagree with that past fourth quarter?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, we think the original project returns in the same category, in the same area, 20% to 25%. And in terms of tailwinds and costs, who knows. I don't think we can speculate at this point. The economy seems to want to change on a dime either up or down. We are going to have to wait for that. But I think Mark is prepared to give you an update on the project, so why don't we let him do that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. If you assume the normal growth in volume and the current energy crisis, we expect the total benefits from the project to be about $0.35 per share impact. And the number is lower than the original estimate from a -- when we talked about the project, the $0.40 per share, because energy costs has not risen as much as we originally estimated. However, we do expect energy prices to increase as we go forward. We did realize $0.03 per share of benefits from the project last year in 2010, and we expect to realize an additional $0.11 this year 2011 as we've talked about during the year. The remaining benefit is $0.21 per share expected next year as the year unfolds from projects at fully running capacity. In addition, the project downtime we incurred this year would be eliminated, which would contribute an additional $0.10 per share to the earnings in 2012. And that will partially be offset by the $0.05 per share non-cash increase to interest expenses. And then, in accordance with accounting guidelines, a portion of that 2011 interest costs were capitalized in relationship to the energy project. And finally, if the energy project qualifies for energy reinvestment grant, we would receive about $60 million in 2012 after-tax, which would reduce the cost of the project from $295 million to about $235 million.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess last question I had and I'll turn it over after this, if we look back over time, Packaging Corp.'s had a great track record both in terms of absolute and relative, in terms of capital returns and relative performance versus your peers in the market, although the last few years, that relative gap has not really widened much. It's been relatively flat. Maybe the answer is the returns in aggregate that you expect to get from the Counce and Valdosta projects, but, Mark, what are you and the team think from your strategy in operations that's kind going to lead to sort of a reemergence, if that's the way you'd put it, in terms of your relative returns versus other paper and forest stocks and cyclicals more broadly.
Paul T. Stecko: I think the answer to that question is we've always invested for the long term. There will be ups and downs. We widen our lead at times, it shrinks at times. We had a very strong quarter volume-wise this term because of investments, and those investments are just starting to pay off in the box plant. So there's not a knee-jerk answer to that question. It's just that our focus has always been the long term. We think over the long term. We have a superior strategy, and the results will speak for themselves, kind of like the stock market. It always gets it right in the long term, but it's wrong a lot of times in the short-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Following up on your box plant performance and the investments you've made there, I think you spent about $40 million in 2010 and plan to spend about $40 million in 2011 on planned improvements and bolt-on technologies. As you look forward to 2012, are there comparable opportunities for box plant improvements? And would they require kind of a comparable level of capital spend, or how should we think about that?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Anthony. This time, I'll answer that question for you. It's -- things are -- we take advantage of the opportunities when they present themselves. And last couple of years, we've had those kind of opportunities. Now 2012, I expect it to go down a little bit in terms of our capital expenditures. The opportunities aren't there. And plus, we really have a job to do with the investments we've made and taking advantage of the opportunities that that's presented. So if things change, then we'll change accordingly. But right now, I think it's going to go down a little bit.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I think Tom has put it quite well. We don't let the money burn a hole on our pocket, CapEx-wise. If we had an opportunity, we spend it. But we don't feel compelled to spend capital in the hopes of growth. When we see an opportunity, we jump on it. And I think the illustration to that is our CapEx next year is going down from $260 million this year back to $110 million, which is our normal CapEx. And so the other thing we've done long term has been be pretty disciplined about our capital spending because that's something in this industry, if you're not careful, you really don't create shareholder value. So capital discipline is still important to us, and that's why we'll only be at $110 million next year.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just kind of following up on the capital allocation, I mean, for M&A, clearly, your focus has been on box plants. But given the shape of your balance sheet, are there circumstances under which you'd consider looking at mill assets in the future? Or is that not really on the table?
Paul T. Stecko: That answer has not changed in 10 years. We always are open to any deal that would produce a lot of shareholder value. And where we have been finding deals that produce the most has been on the box plants side. If things change, then we'll obviously be willing to look on the mill side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: You noted that your cap spend is going down $110 million this year, and obviously, benefits from the energy projects are going to start kicking in. So presumably, you're going to be generating, hopefully, a lot of cash in the coming year. At the same time, if I caught you right, I think you said you now have $160 million of cash on the balance sheet with the new financing that you've put in place and a lot of additional liquidity, too. And I guess the question is, first, are you intending to run with a lot more cash on the balance sheet, or are you likely to be targeting that cash for either M&A and/or share repurchase or some other use? If you could kind of help us understand the thinking there, please.
Richard B. West: If you looked at the cash, Mark, that we generate, fourth quarter is a very good quarter for cash generation. And when we looked at the refinancing, at the end of the quarter, we were down to $40 million and then we had a dividend payment of $20 million the first week. So we had to look at it at that point, but we do expect our capital expenditures in 2012 with our energy project behind us to go back, as Paul said, to $110 million, which is a $150 million decrease. But until we complete the energy project in the fourth quarter and also make our normal beginning of the year payments in the first quarter of 2012 when we have the most cash drain, our significant cash generation will not start until the second quarter of 2012. And we did take the opportunity to buy back the stock, as I said, which brought our cash down to $30 million -- $40 million at the end of September. But we felt it was more important to keep more cash on hand right now to give us more immediate financial flexibility, and that's why we took out the term loan. Also, the term loans facilitated getting a higher bank revolver. You really -- in this market, it's hard to get an increase in your bank revolver unless you take out a term loan at a reasonable rate. And so, we did that also. So when you combine the liquidity on the balance sheet from the revolvers as well as the cash, we think we're in very good shape with long-term financial flexibility, whatever opportunity avails itself.
Paul T. Stecko: Mark, to say it even simpler, you can buy a lot of financial flexibility for very little money these days. That term loan after tax is about 1% interest. We bought back 2 million shares during the quarter right at $24. So we're getting the 3% savings there on the dividend. That's our dividend paydown, and it's only costing us 1% for the interest expense. So the world is a tricky place. Things are difficult to predict, and we've always believed in flexibility. And what we've been able to do with this refinancing is put ourselves in a position if we want to accelerate a share buyback, if we want to make some acquisitions, we can. But with the increase in the revolver, we also protect our financial well-being going forward. So this is a very unusual period where you can borrow money this inexpensively and increase your financial flexibility and give you the ability to take advantage of certain things if they happen.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: That makes a lot of sense. And I guess the follow-up, given that you now do have the liquidity in place, and you pointed out that your cost -- the cost of debt has come so low relative to the cost of equity. Has that caused you to rethink the amount of financial leverage that you think is optimal to have all else equal? And would that direct you to potentially be more aggressive on share repurchase?
Paul T. Stecko: I wouldn't read that into it. We just thought that this was a good value at this time. As things evolve, we may move more conservative, less conservative, but what's happening in the world will determine that more than anything else.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And one last real quick follow-on. I think, Mark, when you were running through the effects from the energy project, if I did my math right, it was $0.21 and then another $0.10 with less downtime, and then you said an offset of $0.05 from interest expense, so the net effect was $0.26, is that right?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: My first question is on the EBITDA from the project. I know that, obviously, there's going to be some step-up in depreciation, and I think on the last call, Paul, you mentioned it was about $90 million all in. And with the guidance that it's going to be $0.35 versus $0.40, does that mean that EBITDA -- is that a new -- first of all, is that a new number? And so should we take our EBITDA, I guess, down $7 million, $8 million for that?
Paul T. Stecko: What we said on the last call, the $90 million was the original, and I think I did mention energy costs had not moved up as much. And so as things evolved, where we stand right now is that, that EBITDA is probably going to drop down, if you just do the math, somewhere around, off the top of my head, $75 million from $90 million.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you.
Paul T. Stecko: That could vary a little bit if we get the energy grant because it's less capital, that means less depreciation. But you're talking maybe $2 million, $3 million, $4 million, $5 million there, but we'll have to wait and see.
Richard B. West: And that will come through on the per share number, of course. With EBITDA, it doesn't impact with the -- less depreciation, but it would give you a little bit more on EPS from the project that grant comes through.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And I think, Rick, you mentioned something about $60 million. Did you say that was the amount of tax credit you expect to get realized next year, or did I miss that?
Richard B. West: Well, the grant is about anywhere from $55 million to $60 million is what we're looking at. You don't pay any taxes on the grant. In fact, you don't reduce your taxable depreciation by the full amount of the grant. So you get a little bit of more benefit on the tax side even above the amount of the dollar grant that you receive. So it nets out to about $60 million of benefits to the bottom-line in cash.
Paul T. Stecko: But you get it right away.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And you should get that next year?
Richard B. West: Well, if we applied for the grant and if it's approved. We expect to apply for the grant in the fourth quarter when the project is completed. And of course, it'll depend upon the Department of Treasury approving the grant. But from everything we can see, we think we fall within the guidelines for approval, and we'll know that hopefully by the end of the first quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then 2 more quick ones. I know, Paul, you did a good job of sort of explaining to us how the biggest bang from the energy project could be if energy at some point really takes off. And as we think about the future, sort of where -- how should we think of the relationship there? Let's say, for example, oil hit $120 or $150, and maybe you have a number in mind when you did the project, and I guess gas goes up to $7, $8, $9, is there sort of a relationship where we see how much you feel you'll benefit versus the competitors and that you wouldn't expect prices to go up to reflect what the pain that competitors would feel that you would not feel?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, Chip, as I said on earlier calls, we thought, going forward, that the biggest inflation liability in energy lie in electricity, because there's not many coal-fired power plants being permitted -- although it looks like the EPA is loosening up there a little bit -- and the grid is going to be stressed over time. And so purchased electricity is the thing that we think will escalate the most over the next 5 to 10 years. And of course, we went from basically 50% self-generation to 100%. So that's the number one driver. We don't burn much oil, so we're not that affected by that. And the second thing in line would be natural gas. But again, we don't burn that, and that leads you to the third energy source, purchased wood waste bark, and we eliminate -- we don't buy any purchased bark. We basically eliminated all of that at Valdosta. So when you really get down to it, electricity is by far the most important variable in our energy savings.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. Okay. That's very helpful. And the last thing for Rick is, Rick, could you just remind us how much is left on the repurchase authorization? I see it's 2 million shares. That's a big chunk for one quarter. That's good. And also if you could just give us some guidance on interest expense next year in terms of the swing and capitalized interest. I would imagine there's -- I don't know if it's a couple of million a quarter now, and that obviously goes away, but if you could verify those numbers.
Richard B. West: Okay. As far as the first thing, we have about $33 million left on the existing share repurchase authorization. And our total interest expense next year will be about, if you take into consider no capitalized interest plus the refinancing, about $38 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. Curious what you think you're seeing in virgin fiber costs for the rest of this year. I mean, obviously, it has a lot to do with the weather at this part of the year, but with housing not coming back, I'm wondering if you're seeing any structural changes in your chip supply, or if you're thinking about sourcing fiber differently for 2012?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, right now, we're seeing virgin fiber, say, in the southern sector flat due to summer into the fall. Barring any unforeseen weather phenomena as far as winter weather, we're seeing everything pretty stable.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So no changes that you'd expect in where you're getting your chips from?
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. Again, the supply is still down considerably, and so we really don't depend on the outside market for a very big volume of our chips, a couple of percent at the end of the day.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Mark, just one more question. When you look across your box plants, I'm trying to get a sense of whether customers are pulling back. And Paul used to say, "You don't paid for easy." So are clients asking you to make easy or hard stuff these days?
Paul T. Stecko: As we've said before, I mean, we've talked many times about our strategy around customers and our willingness to do the hard to do. And I would say at this stage of the game, the hard to do is what customers are demanding of us virtually every day. And we're fortunate to be positioned with customers who are also willing to do the hard to do on their side, and I think they benefit from that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wondered, Mark, is it possible to get from either you or Tom just get a sense of kind of how box volumes seem to be moving here in October? And also, with boxes, are you benefiting at all from a little of this consolidation that's taking place among the bigger guys?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. For the first 8 days, as we always talked during the call, we're up 9% in our box volume. And so, again, having a great start for the quarter, and so we don't see anything changing. We had the same trend develop in the third, and again, October is very strong. Tom, do you want to add anything to that as far as...
Thomas A. Hassfurther: No. I would just say, Mark, that do we benefit anything from the consolidation that's going on in the business? I mean, there may be some, but it's early to tell, I think, certainly regarding the IPM with the potential merger. But it's one of those things that I think we're well positioned in the marketplace for the things we do very well. And as we talked about, we made some investments with, especially with current customers, that allowed us to take advantage of the opportunities that they presented us. And that's primarily what's driving our growth.
Paul T. Stecko: And the one benefit that you do get, Mark, is that if a particular customer, usually, this is mostly the bigger customers, if they have supplier a and b as their 2 suppliers, and a and b merged, and the company still had the purchasing philosophy that you need 2 suppliers, then you have an opportunity to pick up some business that you might not have picked up because they already had 2 suppliers in the past. But there aren't that many of those.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right, one other question. Mark, I'm just curious with the energy projects. You've given us already the $110 million capital number for next year, but I just -- I wondered whether these energy projects have opened up any other options for either kind of cost savings or ultimately moving up volume at either Valdosta or Counce?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Nothing that -- as far as anything new, we're talking about mill production. We're on track to have a record production year this year, if you include the extra downtime we took because of the energy projects. But the year has been driven by exceptional performance in the 4 mills, and also, we did receive the benefits of the energy project. Part of the project at Valdosta was the dryer efficiency improvements, which was done in 2009. And so we've been seeing that benefit. But all in all, nothing is changing as far as capacity and so...
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First of all, could you please elaborate on the Alabama assets that you purchased? How will they impact your integration levels, and would they be accretive by $0.01 or $0.02 next year?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: It's way premature to comment on that when -- we own the assets for a couple of weeks now, so -- we think that we bought the assets at a price that is accretive to earnings, yes, but that's about all we're going to say. We're not going to quantify that at this point.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Well, if I could push you to look perhaps at a 5-year perspective, where do you see growth coming from? Because, obviously, you'll hit your integration target of 90% within the next 2 years or so.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. To be honest with you, we're not big believers in looking out 5 years. We're just not that smart to be able to predict the future, so we concentrate on the next 2, and that's a tough target getting to 90% integration level in 2 years. So we get to that, we'll comment beyond that at that time.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One last follow-on, just a technical question. Thinking about the price rescission and the trade publications from last year and realizing this is only a small amount, less than $0.01 of impact, the fact that the rescission occurred within the quarter, would you have -- wouldn't you have rebated that amount, so it really wouldn't have been in your revenues last year? I was just thinking about that out loud during the Q&A.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, if you were on pulp and paper, you would've gotten rebated. But if you were not, and we had raised prices, then those prices stop. But eventually, you have to give it back because you want to treat all customers fairly, and that's why it's not the full amount, it's a much smaller number, but that's basically the number that the price is off by.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrew Feinman from Iridian.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: So just talking about the earnings numbers you mentioned, $0.21 from the project, $0.10 from last downtime. So that's $0.31, and then minus $0.05 for higher interest, so that's a net of -- improvement of $0.26. So if I assume that the price of containerboard doesn't change, then the only other things I got to estimate in here are the increase of all your other costs and the returns that you're getting on all the box plant money that you spent. Maybe I could call those 2 things a wash and just say that you're going to have $0.26 of improvement next year.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Andy, we don't give forecast for next year. I think the 2 other factors you have to look at is inflation and demand, but we're not going to comment on next year's earnings.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: What we will comment on for you, Andy, is that if you look at the last -- and I don't disagree with anything you've said in terms -- you've added the numbers up to get to $0.26, and that's correct. If you look at last 10 years -- and it varies -- but because the first quarter is a shutdown quarter, it's our biggest shutdown quarter and it's the coldest weather quarter, historically, our earnings fall about 7% going from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Okay? About $0.07 a share from first -- from fourth to first. And so in addition to looking at what you think we might be able to make, you have to factor in seasonality, which means that the first quarter-- has always historically been our lowest and the third, historically, our best quarter. That's no prediction for next year, but it's happened the last 10 years in a row is all that I can tell you. So you need to factor that type of thing in also in your thinking. This is a seasonal business exacerbated by the fact that maintenance downtime is seasonal also.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Great. I appreciate that. I have one last -- one other thing, and that's just to say that if you get the $60 million grant and you get the $175 million of receivables, and my estimate for your free cash flow next year is about $250 million. So if I'm right and you get those other things, then you're going to be getting close to $5 a share of cash coming in. Am I doing that right?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Andy, you know we don't give yearly estimates. And so I just want to say for the record on this call, we're not validating anything you said. If anybody's misled, you misled them, not us, because we only give quarterly forecasts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a quick clarification, I guess, for either Mark or Rick is you mentioned the CapEx was $8 million in the quarter for the box plants, I believe. What was the amount -- I think you said it for the energy projects, in the third quarter and for the year-to-date?
Richard B. West: For the third quarter, for the energy project was $31 million, and of course, $8 million for strategic to the box plants and then our normal capital was also $31 million.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And do you have those numbers for the fourth quarter?
Richard B. West: For the fourth quarter, we expect to spend about, on the energy project about $20 million. And then our normal capital, if I remember correctly, it's about, in the third quarter, about $30 million to $35 million, which includes any additional for the box plant integration also. So we're looking at capital in the fourth quarter of about $60 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I don't think anybody asked about the export markets, so I just want to get your thoughts there in terms of what trends you're seeing in light of some of the pricing weakness in Europe and Asia right now. And obviously, the trends with the dollar, have you seen any uptick in the fourth quarter given the re-weakening of the U.S. dollar?
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Phil, this is Tom. I'll just comment that it has weakened a little bit over in Europe, both in demand and price, and that's all we see right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Phillip Marriott from First Eagle.
Phillip Marriott - First Eagle Investment Management, LLC: Just given your expected reduction in CapEx of $150 million and the other comments about cash, I'm just wondering if you could at least give us some indication of your priorities for the use of cash going forward? Are you comfortable with your -- the debt on your balance sheet? Do you need to prioritize paying that down, or would you put more emphasis on either a dividend increase or incremental share repurchase?
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, the -- as we've said in the past, really, we got 3 uses for cash: dividends, share buyback and acquisitions, and they're interrelated. If you have a lot of good acquisition opportunities, that affects how much you have for share buyback and dividend. This past year, we've put, obviously, more money into share buyback than we have the dividend increases. And that's a function of a lot of things, including where your stock is trading. And obviously, if you think your stock is undervalued, that seems to be a good investment as opposed to dividend increases. But all 3 of those things are in play. And it changes, but right now, we've obviously put more emphasis on share buyback over everything else.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] If there are no other questions, I would like to thank everybody for participating in today's conference, and you may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Thomas Hassfurther - Executive Vice President of Corrugated Products Paul Stecko - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Citigroup Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management Unknown Analyst -  Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated Business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call. After the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $39 million or $0.39 per share, which included after-tax income of $1 million or $0.01 per share from an adjustment to reserves related to medical benefits and a $1 million, or $0.01 per share charge from asset disposals related to major energy products. Reported results for the second quarter of 2010 were $38 million, or $0.37 per share which included an after-tax charge of $1 million, or $0.01 per share from energy project asset disposal charges. Net sales were a record $665 million, up 8% compared to the second quarter of 2010 net sales of $615 million. Year-to-date sales were $1.29 billion compared to $1.17 billion in 2010. Excluding the reserve adjustment and asset disposal charges, second quarter 2011 earnings were $40 million, or $0.39 per share. Second quarter 2010 earnings, excluding asset disposal charges, were $39 million or $0.38 per share. Earnings improved compared to last year from higher containerboard and corrugated products mix and price of $0.09 per share and higher volume of $0.06 per share. These improvements were essentially offset by increased costs for chemicals at $0.04 per share, transportation of $0.03 per share; labor of $0.30 per share, energy of $0.02 per share, recycled fiber of $0.01 per share and legal cost of $0.01 per share. Operationally, this is probably as difficult and as successful a quarter that we've ever had considering the planned outages at all four of our mills and continuing energy project for Counce and Valdosta. These outages went remarkably well and the mills started up and run very efficiently after the outages. As a result, our productivity and our costs were better than forecasted, which coupled with higher than anticipated box volume and containerboard sales produced earnings of $0.04 per share above our previewed guidance. Looking at the specific details of operations, our corrugated demand was strong throughout the quarter, setting an all-time record for both total corrugated shipments and shipments per work day, up 3.2% over last year's second quarter. This was a tough comparable considering total shipments in the second quarter of last year were up 8%. The quarter also ended very strong with June total and per work day shipment up 5.9% over last June. Our outside sales of containerboard were also very strong, up 22,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter. With the mills running so well, we are finally able to release more tons to the export market.  I should also point out that last year, our second quarter containerboard sales were unusually low because of our precarious inventory situation. Increased volumes in both containerboard and corrugated products improved earnings by about $0.06 per share compared to last year's second quarter. Our mills produced 606,000 tons, setting a new second quarter daily production record based on actual days operated. In total, we had about 40,000 tons of maintenance and project downtime during the quarter. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories down 18,000 tons below the end of the first quarter and about 25,000 tons below 2010 year-end levels. As you recall, we built about 25,000 tons of additional inventory at the end of 2010 to get us through planned outages this year and energy project slowbacks throughout the rest of 2011. Most of the planned downtime is now behind us with only slowbacks related to the rebuild of the 2 recovery boilers at the Counce mill remaining. Our inventory levels at the end of June were right on plan, which was no small accomplishment considering the higher-than-planned volume. Our energy projects remain on or slightly ahead of schedule but the time to complete a rebuild of all recovery boiler is difficult to predict. I'd also note that our second quarter results included about $0.03 per share in earnings benefits from the project from increased productivity at Valdosta, lower purchased electricity from the pressure, capacity utilization of the new Counce turbine and lower electricity prices from TVA Green energy and center payments. Industry-wide corrugated products shipments for June, as reported by the FBA yesterday, were essentially flat with last year and industry containerboard inventory decreased 39,000 tons to 2,155,000 tons, which except for last year, is the lowest level in 32 years.  Looking at pricing. Both our containerboard and corrugated products pricing were up over last year's second quarter, improving earnings by about $0.09 per share. Pricing remains steady compared to the first quarter and mix was seasonally richer as expected.  On the cost side, inflationary cost pressures continued, however, and remain a concern with higher cost reducing our earnings by about $0.15 per share compared to last year's second quarter. Chemical cost increases reduced our earnings by about $0.04 per share compared to last year's second quarter. Caustic soda prices experienced the largest increase and were up about $130 a ton or 45%, compared to the second quarter of last year. Outbound transportation costs were up about $0.03 per share compared to last year's second quarter driven by higher diesel prices and fuel surcharges, as well as increased demand on the nationwide truck fleet and rail systems. On average for the quarter, diesel costs were up about 35% higher than last year's second quarter. But exiting June, they were down about 5% from the peak levels in May.  Labor-related costs were $0.03 per share above last year's second quarter driven by annual wage increases and higher fringe benefit costs. Energy cost increases reduced earnings by $0.02 per share compared to last year's second quarter as cost for coal and purchased bark increased, and electricity rates were also higher.  I should note that the energy project at Valdosta will essentially eliminate the need for purchased bark at the mill as higher efficiencies will allow us to run our boilers with only wood waste from our own wood yard. Recycled fiber prices continued their upward trend with industry-published prices for old corrugated containers, or OCC, excluding delivery costs, up about $30 a ton in the second quarter of 2011 compared to the second quarter last year. The higher recycled fiber cost reduced our earnings by a very modest $0.01 per share with our relatively low usage of OCC. July published OCC prices rose another $10 per ton and are now $15 a ton above the second quarter average price. In fact, the current July price of OCC is almost 50% higher than last year's third quarter average of $115 per ton.  While we are not immune from this large increase, it will affect most others in the industry much more than PCA. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO who'll give you an update on our cash position and the bio-fuel tax credits.
Richard West: Looking at cash, PCA generated cash from operations of $101 million. Capital expenditures were $80 million during the quarter, which included $35 million for normal capital expenditures, $38 million for the Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects and $7 million for strategic projects at our box plants. During the quarter, we repurchased 935,000 shares of our common stock for about $28 per share or $26 million, and paid our regular common stock dividend that amounted to approximately $20 million. We ended the quarter with $119 million cash on hand. Our total long-term debt at quarter-end, excluding capital leases, was $658 million. We utilized bio-fuel tax credits totaling $27 million to offset federal cash tax payments. At quarter-end, we have estimated tax credits remaining from between $77 million to $179 million, with the final amount to be determined based upon the current IRS review of our amended 2009 tax return which was filed in December 2010.  During the quarter, we filed an insurance claim for the total damages related to the April fire and electrical outage at our Valdosta mill. The claim included amounts for production and sales volume losses of about 11,000 tons, repairing demolition expenses to affected buildings and equipment, and the capital expenditures to replace the turbine building roof and affected electrical cabling. We settled the claim during the quarter and recorded the income, the insurance proceeds, subject to our $3 million deductible for the tons lost and repair and the demolition expenses, as well as capital expenditures during the quarter. We expect to receive additional insurance proceeds for capital expenditures as work is completed.  Also, I should point out that our earnings of $0.39 per share included income from insurance proceeds for the capital expenditures which was offset by the charge for the insurance deductible. So from a recurring earnings standpoint, no add-back is required for the deductible.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher sales volumes and increased mill production with less downtime than the second quarter. But Counce will be slowed back as a result of the recovery boiler rebuilt. Cost for recycled fiber, fuels and electricity are expected to be higher. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings to be about $0.43 per share.  With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risks factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, we would open up the floor to questions. Go ahead please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Can you give us your latest take on how we'll see the costs and benefits of the energy projects kind of flow through into the third and fourth and maybe even the first quarter? And can we assume you're still on track for the boiler rebuild impact volumes? I think by 14,000 tons in the third quarter and then like another 14,000 tons in the fourth quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: Starting with the last part of your question, we're expecting, for the third quarter, the impact of the boiler rebuild at Counce, roughly 10,000 tons for the third quarter and 10,000 tons into the fourth quarter as far as boiler impact at Counce. Regarding how the megaproject, energy project, will flow into the earnings, we talked, over the last two quarters, that we were anticipating somewhere $0.10, $0.11 this year. So for the second quarter, we saw roughly $0.03 of benefits flow into the earnings, and again, that's what we're typically going to see through the rest of the year to third quarter, fourth quarter, to get us that $0.10, $0.11 benefit for 2011.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And on the previous call, you talked about the boiler rebuild being completed kind of end of July and then running full out in August. Can you just give us an update in terms of your kind of ability to run above your rated capacity and what August is going to look like from a production standpoint?
Mark Kowlzan: It appears right now that the first recovery boiler is going to be completed by the end of this month and we should, theoretically, be burning liquor in that boiler in the first week of August which would allow us then to run full out during the month of August. And then the second recovery boiler is scheduled to go down now towards the latter part of September, which again, allows us to have almost three full weeks of September of full running at Counce. And then we take it down the last week of September and it'll be down the entire month of October into November. So that's why we're still looking at the 10,000 tons of impact this third quarter and then 10,000 tons into the fourth quarter. But the project is on schedule, and the boiler work that's been completed on the first boiler is done very well. We're very pleased and anticipating a good start up.
Paul Stecko: Yes. Anthony, this is Paul. I'd add one thing to that. One of things that Mark did say that we came out of this quarter with our inventories exactly where we wanted them to be because of their great productivity in the second quarter. So the pressure is off a little bit. We just have to run in August, have another normal, good month. We don't really have to run above capacity, which is a relief, because that's a difficult thing to do. But what will happen as the recovery boiler reduces as we're working on a recovery, the capacity reduces at Counce, we'll start to eat a little bit into our inventory. And then the month of August is going to make that up and then sustain us through the second recovery boiler outage which starts in September and goes for about 40 or 50 days. So we think the good news for us is that we are back to being able to run the mills normally and not have to push to extreme levels of production, which I'm sure as you know, you can't sustain for any length of time.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Two quick ones, if I could. One is if you could please help us in bridging the third quarter forecast that you have for this year of $0.43 with the $0.60 that you made last year. What would the big drivers of that delta are, as you see it? And then second, if you could just let -- you mentioned you'd been exporting a little bit more, where are your mill nets in the export market versus domestic?
Mark Kowlzan: On the first part of your question, Mark, if you look at 3Q 2010 to 3Q '11, on what we're expecting, we've got approximately $0.19 of inflationary impact year-over-year. I'll give you an example. Year-over-year, just on recycled fiber, you're looking at about $0.05 impact, transportation, $0.04; chemical cost, $0.03; electricity, $0.02. So all of these type of cost inputs rolled in, make up that differential between the $0.60 earnings last year to where we're expecting to be this year. And of course, netting out the benefits from the improved volume that we expect to see. And then regarding the...
Paul Stecko: Net on export versus -- I think your question, Mark, was exports versus domestic nets?
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes.
Paul Stecko: It's same as last time, it varies by market. There is some export nets that are better and some that are worse, depending if you're in South America, China, Europe, et cetera. And of course, the dollar is certainly helping the thing. So that's about all we can say on that.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Would it be fair to say, relative to historical norms, that the mill nets in the export markets are stacking up better relative to domestic, again, relative to historic norms?
Paul Stecko: Without question.
Operator: Our next question is of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: On the downtime -- well, not the downtime, the slowback at Counce, you mentioned the 10,000 tons. And not really knowing how much strain that's putting on normal operations, I would guess that's about a $0.02 or $0.03 hit. Is that the right neighborhood? And then, I guess, the second question is, it seems like you benefited to the tune of about $0.03 already in the second quarter from the energy projects and that I believe you mentioned when it's all said and done, you might see $0.10 to $0.11 per quarter, starting early to mid next year. Could you just clarify those?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. On the last question first, we expect for the full year to see $0.10 or $0.11 benefit from the projects for 2011. And so for the second quarter, we saw about $0.03 of that benefit roll in for the year. And then as far as the first part of your question, the $0.02 is a good number,$0.02 to $0.03, $0.02, you're right in the ballpark.
Richard West: That's more than just volume too, Chip, because obviously, without a recovery boiler, your cost is going to go up a little bit, too.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Exactly. And...
Richard West: But $0.02 is good. As Mark said, $0.02 is a good number.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And on the '10 to '11. I totally get you for the full year '11, but it would seem like that is probably a ballpark run rate from the entire program when it's all said and done and up and running completely, is that fair?
Paul Stecko: Yes. It's fair if nothing changes, Chip. By that, I mean -- I think we've talked on a previous call about we may have the potential to -- and we have -- we are in the process of filing for a grant from the Treasury Department that would substantially lower the cost of the project. And when you do that, you give up some ability in other areas in terms of savings. So we may have the opportunity to take the return a little more in savings or in capital reduction vis-à-vis a grant. So that will determine things. But in general, our savings is still estimated at about $90 million. And how that will flow into EPS will be determined, again, in part by how this grant turns out.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. That's $90 million pretax?
Paul Stecko: [indiscernible] Say the $90 million is still, it's in the right ballpark, might be a touch lower or a touch higher. Electricity cost had moved up and so the savings, we thought might be a little lower on that one element of the project but now they're starting to move up with a vengeance. So by the time the project moves, we may even be higher in that regard. It's going to depend in that one area on electricity prices.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And that's a pretax number, right, $90 million?
Paul Stecko: Yes. And that's EBITDA, not EPS. I mean, we're talking about $90 million of EBITDA. And so that [indiscernible] goes against the book earnings but it helps your cash flow, as you know.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Of course. And just last quick question, as you look into 2012, how much do you see CapEx at this point dropping? I know we expect it to drop off quite a bit. What's your latest read on that?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. As we've said the last couple of quarters, we'd fully expect capital to get back to the norms in terms of $110 million total company capital spending from mills and box plants and so that's what we're planning for next year as we speak to the facilities.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Maybe segueing on that question. As you think about capital allocation going forward, how would you have us think about how you're prioritizing out your allocation of excess capital in the future? Do you anticipate it'll be still largely aimed at return-based projects? Do you think M&A is ahead of that? Or is it value returned to shareholders, whatever form that might be? How would you have us consider that disjuncture, guys?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think, reiterating what we've talked about in terms of capital again. If you look at that, we're planning on $110 million of capital which of the $110 million, $70 million would roll into maintenance type capital, $40 million would go into the various high return opportunity type spending. And then you have to look at the dividends and stock buyback which, again -- but as far as the capital $110 million, it's historically what we're planning on.
George Staphos: Okay. It would seem that barring nothing else it'd seem like debt, you really don't need to do much there and value return, barring anything sizable, an investment that would tend to be the priority, would that be fair, Mark?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes.
George Staphos: Second question. As we think about you running relatively full out in August, trying to get ahead of the last remaining outage in Counce. How should we think about how those tons, as they're produced and ultimately sold into the market, may or may not affect your margins relative to what would be the normal seasonal pattern? Should we discern any change, 3Q versus 3Q or 4Q versus 4Q? And then, certainly, it may be good time to talk about how is your early-July-shipments? How are they trending?
Richard West: Let me answer that last part first. If you look at the first 8 days of cutup, we're having a good start. We're on a similar trend that we were in June, we're up about 5% which we're pretty pleased with. So all in all, the good trend is continuing right through into July for the first 8 days.
Paul Stecko: Yes. The one caution I'd throw out, we're happy with the numbers, don't get us wrong. But when you got a Fourth of July weekend starting off the month, that does disrupt things. Of course, we had the Fourth of July starting the month last year, too, every year. But we've only got 8 or 9 days worth of data but it's pretty positive. But I must caution you the Fourth of July events, 2 days off, some people only take one day off. So I wish I had 5 more days of data before we answer that question. But at least through 8 or 9 days, we're up almost 5%.
Mark Kowlzan: And as far as the first part of your question with the volume and how we're running Counce and bringing the tons on, again, I think, it is just as we've said that the forecasted guidance of the $0.43 is based on the higher volume we expect to see from the mills running now, but obviously, offset by some of the inflation. So the fact that we're getting ready to take the number 2 recovery down at the end of the month, it plays right in with the expected volume benefits.
George Staphos: Last one guys, on turnover. I'm realizing that you're guiding at 10,000 tons worth of outages in the quarter. Is there any way, given how well you're running right now, that you could approach the tonnage you put up in the third quarter last year which was the peak of the year? I think it was like 645,000 tons?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, we've got to run to demand. And if you think about the capabilities, where we ran last year, if I recall, about 104% of capacity and second quarter we had an exceptional run also. And so depending on how the mills run, we've just come out of our annuals, the equipment's in tip-top shape. But again, if the demand is there, then we will have an opportunity to run to that demand.
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So as you guys think about kind of the current run rate of labor and input cost trends that you're seeing right now and you kind of look ahead, I mean, do you think that those costs could potentially offset the majority of the benefits you're seeing in the energy savings?
Mark Kowlzan: No. You're talking about the energy projects savings?
Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. Do you think about -- if you just kind of run rate right now and think 2012 in the year-over-year costs that you might see next year, I mean, how much of that $90 million minus whatever you're getting in 2011, would get offset by higher costs?
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to speculate about next year.
Paul Stecko: Yes, I mean, who knows? I mean, right now, with very tough inflation... We're offsetting it with increased volume, productivity, et cetera. And where inflations are going to go from here, who knows? The one thing that we would add is that the biggest single source of inflation, at least for most people, has been OCC. And where that's going will drive a lot of things. And we expect OCC -- we're hearing reports from the field now that it's going up again in August. Now that remains to be seen but we're hearing that. And because of the high mill operating rates and we're at a low generation time of the year. And a lot is going to depend on how strong this industry is and how strong China performs. But inflation is obviously, it's tough to predict. There is a plus side of inflation, however. It's said that economic activity is picking up everywhere and that's a good sign we think for volumes. So inflation's bad but it ain't all bad.
Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Understood. So and then just on the OCC side, would you say that you, at this point, have minimized the amount of OCC you can use in your own system and in terms of the flexibility of certain machines? Or would it require further investment if you wanted to go more to the version side at this point?
Mark Kowlzan: Historically, we've been right on the low end and we use just as much as we need to. On the medium side of the business, obviously, we need to have some recycled fiber in the sheet. And again we're using the minimum amount. Counce again, we're flexing that amount to meet our requirements, but again, in that 22% type of total usage range for the company. So we're essentially right at the minimal end of demand.
Paul Stecko: What we said for years is we could run basically between 20% and 33% OCC. And if OCC ever got cheap, which doesn't appear to be the case, we could flex up. But we can't flex down, we're as low as you can go primarily because when you make semi-chemical medium, you need some source along fiber in that and people use OCC to satisfy that need. At Valdosta, for example, we use no OCC at all. That's 100% pine sheet.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Mark, as we think about the energy benefit next year, is it fair if we just take that $90 million number, pull out the $0.11 on a pretax basis that you've talked about for this year and the remainder would be what we should see next year? Or there is some other issues that we ought to be thinking about?
Richard West: I think at this point, Mark, we've said the benefits for the project are going to be close to even when we've tried to get it back to an EPS range. With the depreciation, deduction maybe about $0.40, maybe a little bit lower, maybe a little bit higher. And we've said we're going to get about $0.10 this year. So I think at this point, we would prefer to wait to see what happens with different cost inputs and other things before we give guidance or discuss how earnings will flow into 2012. That will be something that we'll do later as we get into the fourth quarter and first quarter guidance.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Couple of other questions for Mark Kowlzan. How would you have us think about sort of the annual capacity, mill capacity of the company at this point? It seems like if you're running really, really well and we're not having to take any maintenance outage, you're doing somewhere around 650,000 tons a quarter, should we think about sort of 2.5 million, 2.55 million tons as your sort of annual practical mill capacity?
Mark Kowlzan: I think just as we did last year, Mark, I think your number is correct. 650,000 tons with no downtime, no impact is a run rate. But when you take into account shutdowns and monthly outages, and then as the year goes on, when the equipment is getting worn out and you get further and further away from your annual shutdowns and the cycle is continuing, the efficiencies get less. And so I think the number we've been using, that 2.5 million tons, 2.45 million is still a good range. And, again, coming out of the annuals, we always run better.
Paul Stecko: Yes, Mark. It's like if you've ever been to an auto race. When they change tires, the cars run faster for a little while. And then they slow down because of tire wear. Mills are the same way. When you come out of an annual shutdown, you can hum because everything's perfect. But as you get wear, you get more increased mechanical breakdowns, your productivity will decrease over time. And that's one of the reasons that we take our outages in the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter as the lowest demand season. We don't have as much capacity in the first quarter or December as we do the rest of the year. So this capacity is not a linear thing. It is a function of weather. You don't run as well in cold weather as you do as warm weather. And it's a function of the equipment. And so you can't take a number and multiply it by 4 because that's not the way it works in a paper mill.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, fair enough. On the cost side, I'm just curious, what are your virgin fiber costs doing in the second quarter in kind of year-to-date? Because they were pretty high as I recall in the first half of last year.
Mark Kowlzan: In 2010, when the industry was still struggling with wood supply because of the fall of 2009 into the wet winter weather of 2010, inventories were low. When mill is running out of wood, prices were high. But then prices came down last year and they've been stable since then. So virgin fiber costs related to wood has remained very, very stable.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Is that back -- has been a positive at all in the first half?
Mark Kowlzan: No, no positive. But, again, just stable relative to OCC.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, all right. Then my last question just for Tom. I wondered if you could give us some color on what field might have added to your converting volumes in the second quarter.
Thomas Hassfurther: Field added about 1%, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Can we just look end-use demand for a little bit? What was your star area, was it food and ag? And can you just sort of give us a rundown there? And then as it's typical, you looks like your shipments which you said, your box shipments were up 3.1%, outpaced the industry again. Can you sort of give us what in your profile allowed you to do that?
Paul Stecko: I will let Tom take that question.
Thomas Hassfurther: Joshua, I would say that we have been very fortunate that our existing and new business growth has remained about the same quarter-over-quarter. So we've done a good job in that area. And I think we've been extremely fortunate that we've had very little attrition within our existing account base. And we've been able to grow with our existing customers. I'd like to think that, that has a lot to do with our skill but also, a little bit of luck is involved in that. We selected our customers, and we've managed to align ourselves with customers who have fared pretty well in this difficult economy. I think some of that has to do with the fact that they're very demanding of their suppliers like ourselves, require the hard-to-do as we talked about, because they do a lot of that themselves in their marketplace. And we've also been fortunate because some of our customers have had some very healthy export growth. And as I talked about earlier, I said the field acquisition that we did, that added about 1% to our numbers. So all in all, across the board, our customer base has done fairly well in this difficult environment.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: So you're seeing a broad-based recovery across all your markets? Is what you're saying?
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. A fairly broad-based recovery, yes.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Now given -- just to finish this up. Given the weather and the droughts we're seeing -- we're seeing images of dried-up cornfields all over the country, is that something we need to worry about in terms of third quarter demand that could affect your guidance or is it not that important?
Paul Stecko: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think that some of that news is always reporting the bad news, not the good news a lot of times. But I think that food prices could be affected by the corn and some other things. Obviously, our starch prices are affected by corn. But all in all, I think that from what we hear from our customers, they would like it to be more robust but it is what it is and they're continuing to do fairly well.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Let me ask one more question. The FBA came out with your weeks of supply of containerboard at 3.6 weeks which is typically a very tight number. We do a survey and with people out there don't see -- it seems like a balanced market when we talk to people in terms of supply, yet the 3.6 number would apply otherwise. Do you feel it's as tight as that 3.6 number implies from your advantage point?
Paul Stecko: From our advantage point, Josh, we've been on a roller coaster. I mean, we have struggled to keep up for the last year. And so it has been extremely tight for us to the extent that, unfortunately, we had to pull some tons out of the export market just to keep our domestic customers supplied. And we, now again, have struggled back to get to an inventory level that we can manage at a reasonable cost as opposed to shipping things like truck and doing things just to keep up. So from our perspective, it's a very, very tight market.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Okay and that -- and so I guess the way I would ask this, are you seeing more phone calls from customers for containerboard supply? Which I guess would indicate a tighter market.
Paul Stecko: Well, people kind of know that we have a set of customers and that we are full. And so, yes, we get calls but I wouldn't say the number of calls changed dramatically one way or the other.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Curt filling in for Mark. First question, can you tell us whether you think you've benefited in terms of the strength of the customer relationships, that whole soggets marfit, [ph] first the bankruptcy then the change in ownership? And do your higher value customers have more choice or less choice in suppliers than they did 5 years ago?
Paul Stecko: Yes. We're not going to comment on that in terms of what we benefit from other activities going in the industry. If we did, we'd keep it quiet, anyway, and if we didn't we wouldn't say anything, anyway. So it's really not something we want to address.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Secondly, when you look across your box plants, have you seen customers pulling back lately in terms of what they're willing to pay for and has the new round of economic concerns showed up in the kind of orders you are getting?
Paul Stecko: Let me answer that question a little broader. There was speculation, and I use that word speculation, at least in one publication, that there was a large fall in box prices last quarter. And we will not comment on our own box prices because we usually don't. That's between us and our customer. But when all else fails, as they say, you look at the data. And the FBA does publish to its members the average box price for the entire industry month-by-month. And what I can say is that box prices rose April from March, they rose again May over April, and they rose again June over May. So 3 months in a row, they've continued to move up a little bit. And of course, there's some element of mix in that number because you really can't separate. So the data would indicate that box prices are pretty stable, and if anything, with increasing mix pricing gets approved over the last 3 or 4 months. And as you know, our margins, EBITDA margins have continually outpaced the rest of the industry and so that would indicate that, obviously, there are box prices that moved in the same direction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Andrew Feinman with Iridian Asset.
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: I think I heard you say when you answered Willy's first question, that out of the $0.90 of benefits, D&A was $0.40. Did you say that? And if not...
Richard West: No. Andy, what we said was the EBITDA benefits were about $0.90. But as we said earlier, when you go through everything and convert that back to an EPS number after depreciation, you're looking at about $0.40 per share on a $0.90 base. And then I said this year, we expect to get about $0.10 of those EPS benefits from the project in 2011. Now where that ultimately will turn out as the total benefit, for the entire project once it's totally completed, is something we'll look at and give you an update later in the year as we get further along with project completion. And most likely, the other things will change which will impact benefit.
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. So the D&A, you haven't given that number yet? With depreciation and ...
Richard West: Well basically, if you take the project and we're looking at about the $300 million, it's about 20 years, I think that equates to $15 million to $20 million of the D&A.
Mark Kowlzan: Splendid.
Richard West: Good estimate.
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. So you have $102 million on the table with the government. Do you think you'll find out about that this quarter? For the receivable?
Richard West: Not $102 million. What we said, Andy, was on the bio-fuel credits that are in question, we have remaining -- yes, I guess it is $102 million the way you did your math. $77 million receivable versus the potential of $179 million. And quite honestly, you can't predict when they'll be finished with their work. We are working, we have provided them what they need. They're in the process of reviewing it and the extent to which they will need to do additional work, that will be left up to them. Hopefully, we'll have this completed by the end of the year but earlier, hopefully earlier. But who knows at this point?
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: And so when Paul said that you have filed for a grant from treasury to lower the cost of the project, that's separate and unrelated to this $102 million, am I correct?
Richard West: We have not filed for the grant. It is separate and distinct from that. It's a 30% Department of Treasury grant that would be applicable to a portion of the capital related to the project. You cannot file for the grant until the project is completed which would be in the fourth quarter. However, there's a lot of preliminary work that you have to do to substantiate the project cost to which we are actively involved, not only internally, but with others outside and doing the preparation work for the application. So the grant would be filed once the project is completed in probably 30 to 60 days to determine if we have been approved by the grant, which from everything we see, we should be.
Operator: Our next question is from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes. We've spent a lot of time on energy projects but let's don't shortchange the strategic box plants initiative you all have. And you mentioned spending $7 million this quarter. Could you just lay out for us how much more -- and I know that might be kind of open-ended, but roughly say, in the next year or so, how much more you see for this? And what kind of benefits, whether on an EBITDA or an EPS basis we could see as we go through '12 and '13?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Chip. We're pretty well wrapped up on the spending activity. Last year, we spent about $40 million in 2010. This year, we're going to spend another $40 million. And this is in the handful of the box plants, installing both on new technology to enhance their capabilities to service our customer base. And then we're pretty well wrapping up that business this year.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And what would you say the ultimate EPS benefit would be and how would you say it flowed?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, on that spending, the $40 million and $40 million, we're anticipating about a 30% return, the way we look at our projects on a discounted cash flow basis.
Paul Stecko: Chip, the problem with giving a straight answer to that question, unlike the energy projects, when they're completed, you turn on a switch and you get the savings. It's instantaneous. With these projects, you'll get these returns over a longer period of time because they're driven by volume, not cost-reduction. So in some instances where we're totally out of capacity, then you'll get the savings earlier than in some markets where we've got to get that capacity now. And I think as Tom will bring you up-to-date, I'll let him do that, we're already getting benefits from the project. That's one of the reasons our volume is outpacing the industry. We have invested to expand our capacity and we're getting early benefits there.
Thomas Hassfurther: Chip, I might add that -- and I want to make this clear that where we have added capacity, it's driven by customer demand. We're not a "build-it-and-they-will-come" investment house here. I mean, we do what we need to do base on customer demand. And we've got a lot of small footprint plants in some markets and things like that where we just need some additional capacity driven by customers. So with those type of projects, they tend to be very accretive to earnings and start to give you return right away. And that's why we expect the 30% return, as Mark mentioned.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. And real quickly on the export market. If you look at the last few years, where have you seen the greatest change in demand? Maybe not so much for you but for the industry. And is it fair to say the mill nets are probably a better say for Europe than they are for Asia, just in a very general sense, or not?
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to comment on where there are the best. We don't want to give any people any clues where to go fishing. But with the weaker dollar, that's always helped everywhere. And where they are is really a function of 2 things: what's the current price in that market? And they vary; and how much currency benefits you in that market? It benefits you in some markets than others. And so, that's a question that it's difficult to answer. But overall, we're at good levels in all markets compared to say, where we were 5 years ago.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: One last final one, quick one. Just back to the energy product and the potential bridge, if you will, to '12 versus '11. If you're getting whatever $0.10 to $0.11 of benefit this year, I remember from your past comment, that the incremental project outage expense, if you will, was also roughly in that range. Is that a fair assessment? So that whatever benefits you get next year it's really a true incremental benefit relative to what you netted this year.
Richard West: Of course it will depend upon demand, George, as to the number of times that we can produce but what we said was that we're going to lose about 50,000 tons more, maybe 40,000 the way we're looking at this point on a normal year. So it's maybe a little less than the $0.10 that you talked about that would be offset but it's close. But it will of course, depend upon the demand next year and what we need to run.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark Kowlzan: Moderator, we'll go ahead and end the call if there appear to be no other questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. That concludes the conference. You may disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard West - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Kowlzan - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul Stecko - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Eric Seeve - GoldenTree Asset Management Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. George Staphos Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning. And welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's first quarter earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated business; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning's call, and after the presentation, we'll be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported first quarter record net income of $37 million or $0.37 per share, which included after-tax noncash charges totaling $2 million or $0.02 per share from asset disposals related to major energy projects. Reported results for the first quarter of 2010 were $19 million or $0.19 per share, which included income of $9 million or $0.09 per share from alternative fuel mixture tax credits and asset disposal charges of $2.5 million (sic) [$3 million] or $0.02 per share. Net sales were a first quarter record $630 million, up 14% compared to first quarter 2010 net sales of $551 million. Excluding income from asset disposal charges, net income was $39 million or $0.39 per share versus the first quarter of 2010 net income, excluding both income from fuel credits and asset disposal charges of $12 million or $0.12 per share.  This $0.27 per share increase in earnings was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products mix and price of $0.35 per share and higher volume of $0.06 per share. These increases were partially offset by lost volume and higher costs from severe weather of $0.02 per share and by increased costs for: Transportation of $0.03 per share; chemicals, $0.03 per share; medical and workers' compensation cost of $0.02 per share; labor of $0.02 per share; and incentive compensation accruals of $0.02 per share. Our first quarter earnings were $0.03 per share lower than the guidance we provided on January 24 due in large part to unusually severe winter storms that impacted both our mills and box plants. These storms, which involve heavy snow, ice and rain, caused the facility equivalent of one work day during the quarter across the entire box plant system. Wood harvesting cost and energy consumption in our mills were also higher with the extreme cold as well as heavy rain in the south.  Finally at our Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill, severe storms disrupted the supply of purchase electricity from TVA to the mills resulting about 1/2 day of lost paper machine production. Once the major energy project is completed, later this year at Counce, we will be able to sustain operations without purchase power from TVA.  Operationally, even with the exceptionally bad weather and two annual maintenance outages, we performed quite well during quarter. Our corrugated product shipments were the highest since our record first quarter of 2006 shipments, up 3.1% over last year for total shipments and up 1.5% per workday with one more FBA workday this quarter.  However, as we said during our fourth quarter earnings conference call on January 25, most of our box plants did not work on January 23, which is counted as a workday by the FBA. And as mentioned earlier, we lost the equivalent of 1 additional workday in our box plant system due to severe snow, ice and rain storms. First quarter 2011 volumes were also up against a very tough comparable, with total shipments of 14% in the first quarter last year. The quarter end is strong with March setting a new total shipments record for any month, outperforming August of 2005 shipments by about 1%. As reported by the FBA last Friday, industry corrugated shipments for March were also up 4.1% in total and per workday, and industry containerboard inventory dropped 166,000 tons to 2.3 million tons, which is the second lowest level in 30 years.  Our outside sales for containerboard compared to last year's first quarter were up in total about 1%. Increased volumes in both containerboard and corrugated products improved earnings by about $0.06 per share, compared to last year's first quarter. All of our mills had an outstanding quarter, producing 602,000 tons of containerboard, up 33,000 tons over the first quarter of 2010 driven by strong productivity, lower annual outage production losses and no wood fiber shortage downtime.  We did have production losses of about 22,000 tons due to annual maintenance outages during the quarter, with both of our linerboard mills in Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia each down for five days. The Valdosta annual maintenance outage continued into the second quarter and work was scheduled to be completed on April 6. However, due to an electrical outage, the mill did not start back up before April 11. The outage resulted from a fire of the mill, which was confined to wiring in the ceiling of the turbine generator room. There was no damage to major equipment or other areas of the mill, and the fire had no impact on the major energy project at Valdosta.  We will be filing insurance claims for the total cost of fire, including asset write-offs, repair costs and production losses, which will be subject to a $3 million deductible. We expect to settle the claim in the second quarter and report a charge of $0.02 per share for the deductible. We ended the quarter with our inventory down by 8,000 tons below 2010 year-end levels, which is lower than what we would've liked considering the production downtime we have scheduled in the second quarter.  Looking at pricing, our containerboard and corrugated products prices were up significantly year-over-year, reflecting higher containerboard prices, both domestic and export, plus a full pass-through to boxes of our containerboard price increases, which, along with mix, improved earnings by about $0.35 per share compared to last year's first quarter. With regard to costs, we are seeing inflationary cost pressures continue in several areas. Caustic soda is up about $200 per ton since the first quarter of last year, which, together with other chemicals, reduced our range by about $0.03 per share. Outbound transportation costs were also up about $0.03 per share compared to last year's first quarter, driven by higher diesel prices, as well as increased demand on nationwide truck fleets and rail systems. On average for the quarter, diesel costs were up about 25% over last year's first quarter and exiting March, up an additional 10%. We currently expect these costs to continue to increase and be higher than the first quarter average cost.  Other significant year-over-year cost increases included medical and workers' compensation costs, which can fluctuate based on the timing and nature of the claims, of about $0.02 per share and higher incentive compensation accruals of $0.02 per share. We accrue and estimate our annual incentive cost based on quarterly earnings, and with significantly higher earnings this quarter than last year's first quarter, accruals were higher. Labor costs were also up $0.02 per share over last year, as a result of annual wage increases.  Industry-published prices for old corrugated containers, or OCC, excluding delivery cost, were up about $25 a ton in the first quarter of 2011, compared to the first quarter of last year. The higher recycled fiber costs reduced our range by about only $0.01, due to our relatively low usage of OCC. And that was offset by wood fiber costs, which were down by about $0.01 per share compared to last year. We were able to reduce the normal winter wood increase by building additional wood inventory during the second half of 2010. I'm now going to turn it over to Rick West, our CFO, who will give you an update on our cash position and our bio-fuel tax credits.
Richard West: Working at cash, PCA generated cash from operations of $64 million. Cash from operations was seasonally lower, with about $44 million in beginning-of-year payments, including incentive bonuses and our semiannual interest payments on our notes. Capital expenditures were $65 million during the quarter, which included $25 million for normal capital expenditures, $33 million for the Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects and $7 million for strategic projects at our box plants.   During the quarter, we repurchased 618,000 shares of our common stock for about $27.88 per share or $17 million, and paid our regular common stock dividend that amounted to approximately $15 million. We ended the quarter with $173 million cash on hand. On April 14, we acquired Fuel [ph] Packaging Group, a Chicago-area corrugated products manufacturer, with sales of $35 million in 2010. The acquisition was made with cash on hand. Our total long-term debt at quarter end, excluding capital leases, was $658 million. On March 1, we extended our credit agreement for our receivables securitization program to February 28, 2012 at a slightly lower interest rate. During the first quarter, we did not utilize any bio-fuel tax credits to offset federal cash tax payments as no tax payments were due until April 15. At quarter-end, we have estimated tax credits remaining from between $100 million to $200 million, with the final amount to be determined, based upon the IRS review of our amended 2009 tax returns, which was filed in December 2010. The review of our amended return began this quarter.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead, the second quarter will be difficult from an operations standpoint. This is the first time I can recall that the annual maintenance and capital project correlated work we'll need to do requires us to have all four of our mills down for planned outages in the same quarter.  The portion of Valdosta annual maintenance outage completed in April reduced production about 8,000 tons. Our Tomahawk, Wisconsin and Filer City, Michigan medium mills are planned to be down for their annual maintenance outages, which will reduce production by 12,000 tons. Our #1 paper machine accounts is planned to be down for a week in June to install a new electrical drive, and the mill will be slowed back after that as we start rebuilding 2 recovery boilers, which together will reduce production by 19,000 tons.  Total planned downtime and slow backs in the second quarter will reduce production by about 39,000 tons or 17,000 tons higher than in the first quarter, and will also increase production costs and annual outage-related maintenance costs. We expect inflationary cost pressure to continue as chemical, transportation and energy costs are currently higher than the first quarter average, and we expect them to increase further. Our corrugated shipments are expected to increase, and we also expect a richer mix. Energy usage should decrease with the warmer weather. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of about $0.35 per share.  With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call this morning constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risks factors in our annual report on Form 10-K, on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.  With that, we'll be happy to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Mr. George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: A couple of quick questions to start. Was there any effect at all from the project outages in the first quarter? And as you look to the second quarter guidance and the 39,000 tons, do you still expect outages to be -- the project-related outages to be roughly around $0.10 as I recall from the prior quarter’s conference call?
Mark Kowlzan: During the first quarter, the work that was done was just the normal annual shutdown work, some tie-ins related to the Valdosta new boiler. But the second quarter, we'll see the remainder of the annual shutdown work and then the beginning of the Counce recovery boiler work. And again, we saw the 22,000 ton impact in the first quarter from annual shutdown work. And going into the 39,000 tons for the second quarter, up 17,000 tons over. But again primarily, the annual energy project work at Valdosta and Counce will be the second, third and finally, the fourth quarter impact.
Paul Stecko: George, this is Paul. There's another little wrinkle here that we might not have made perfectly clear in the last earnings call. Although we've talked about it in the past and the change in the way you amortize for maintenance cost or the annual outages in the first quarter cost us $0.06 a share. That was the hit. In the second quarter, this annual maintenance outages and the major energy project work is going to cost us $0.13. So that's a $0.07 differential, and that's broken into 2 pieces. And I think that may be 1 of the pieces isn't well understood. The first piece is simply the effect of the more tons and the normal maintenance costs. That would be $0.04 more. And that's in proportion to, say, 22,000 tons of downtime in the first quarter, compared to 39,000. But there's another $0.03 of maintenance that we also take in the quarter because we have to then amortize the first quarter maintenance cost over the entire year, and then we'll have to amortize the second quarter maintenance costs over the entire year. And since we did the first quarter maintenance so late in the quarter, there was hardly any maintenance, hardly any amortization. So we really get a double hit this quarter, the normal $0.04 plus we pick up $0.03 and we will so each subsequent quarter for the amortization of earlier maintenance work. So really, it's a $0.07 hit compared to the first quarter, as a result of these shutdowns.
George Staphos: Okay. That's very helpful, Paul. I guess, the second question I had when I looked at the first quarter results, and I look at the -- if you will, the revenue benefit that you called out on an EPS basis. If I multiply by the share count and gross up by the after-tax math, it want of being around, I guess, $65 million or so, yet the revenue grew by a greater amount. I was wondering if you could remind us what might drive that variant? And similarly, cost of goods moved more than the line items per share that you called out. Again, could you remind us what might cause that variance in the quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: George, it's all related to the volume. So I mean, that's the key.
George Staphos: Okay.
Richard West: Yes, pricing was pretty stable, as you would expect quarter-over-quarter, and we had one terrific quarter volume-wise. And the cost of goods sold line will also get the impact of inflation in addition to the higher volume.
George Staphos: Okay. Last one then I'll turn it over. To the extent that you could go back, say, three months ago and look out to the second quarter, what your inflation expectations were, how much more negative is inflation running right now on input cost and freight relative to what would have been in your guidance coming out of fourth quarter? Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, let me just say it another way. In terms of inflation, inflation is higher than we thought. In fact, if you look at our $0.03 miss in the earnings compared to our guidance, $0.02 was the bad weather that was obviously unprecedented and unpredictable. The other $0.01 came from inflation, about $0.005 in transportation and $0.005 in medical. So if you look at it that way, you could say we missed the inflation by only $0.01, but we actually missed it more than that because chemicals were higher. And we offset some inflation with higher volume.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Chip Dillon from Crédit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: As we look at the next -- beyond the second quarter and we look at the second half, obviously it's going to be -- we're coming to a head here on the energy projects, and I thought maybe given that we're getting close, could you give us sort of your latest on how we'll see both the expenses in the third and fourth, and maybe even the first quarter flow and how the benefits and how you expect them to start...
Mark Kowlzan: A bit of second quarter will play into the third. All the annual shutdowns are done, but we're right into the Counce recovery boiler rebuild. And again, that will impact us roughly 14,000 tons in the third quarter and 14,000 tons going into the fourth quarter. So we will have the impact of the weather rebuild. Now that being said, the first recovery boiler goes down in June. That will be completed by the latter part of July into August. So August will be a month that we will have an opportunity to run hard and take advantage of that clean running, if you will. And then the second recovery boiler goes down in September. Now the other point is the turbine generator was completed in December, and that also will receive the benefit of the incremental steam from the recovery boiler once it's completed at the end of the July. So there'll be incremental benefits there. And then again, with the fourth quarter work wrapping up, we'll see the number 2 recovery boiler completed and then the start up of the Valdosta [indiscernible] boiler.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And that's going to be like in October, November?
Mark Kowlzan: Paul, would you like to elaborate on that?
Paul Stecko: Well, yes. I think you've cover it quite well. But the thing I would point out is, Chip -- and I know you like to model things. Everybody likes to model things. It is an incredibly difficult year to model even for us because of the annual outage and the timing effects. You do something that you get a benefit for, but you may not get it today. And let me give you an example because Mark alluded to it. In order to balance our inventory, we're going to take that recovery boiler down at Counce in June. It will be down at the last half of June, all of July and for the rebuild. And that will cost us maybe 300, 350 tons a day. And then we're going to -- then we have no downtime of any type in August, 31-day month. And we have the ability since it's so close to the shutdown to run beyond our rated capacity when equipment's that fresh. So let's say we can run it 104%. That certainly would be our goal to balance our inventories and run like crazy in August. The problem is, we'll just be building inventory with those tons, and we won't get the benefit of those tons until we sell them over the busy fall season. So although we made the tons, we'll get the fixed costs part of it. That will flow into our results, but the profit will be delayed. A similar concurrence in building this inventory plan for the year is we trade for tons, and we have the ability to vary the tons during the year. In other words, throw our tons out of balance early in the year to pay the tons back later when we've got the production capacity. So for every ton, that trade ton we took in now, we don't make any money on it. It doesn't cover any overhead. But when we pay those trade tons back in the second half of the year, we'll get both the LIFO benefits from reducing the inventory and to get profit on those tons. So it's hard to model on exactly when all these things going to happen. But it's got to happen by the end of the year. So we got to zero these balances in and balance our inventory. So it's a quite a complicated story, and I'm just really trying to give you a little perspective on it.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: That's very helpful. And just real fast, shifting gears. As you look at the OCC market, I can't remember it being sort of stable at such a high level for so long. And it seems like, maybe my perception is wrong, but it's a little bit tighter or stronger in Europe than it is here. Do you think that the inability, or the challenge, in getting ships and containers is influencing the market, whereby -- we are long OCC here so there's sort of a plenty here, but there's not plenty other places?
Mark Kowlzan: I really don't have any knowledge. I mean, that's a good question but...
Paul Stecko: Chip, there's two things that are unexplainable, the Cubs and the OCC markets. And I'm not going to even attempt the Cubs. But OCC, you just can't seem to predict it. My own gut feeling, I have just anecdotal evidence that the Chinese, they are trying to throttle slow back a little bit. And the one thing that drives the OCC market than anything else is how much the Chinese are buying. So they, obviously, have backed off a little bit. And I think the thing that's certain is just a matter of time that they're going to pick it up again. When they do, is who knows?
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Got you. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Rick Skidmore from Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Could you just maybe have Rick talk to when you'd expect the tax credit resolution to come through? And then on the recovery boiler spend, does that end in the fourth quarter? Or will you have some carryover into 2012?
Richard West: On the second question, for the most part, all of the capital spending related to the major energy project will be completed by the end of the fourth quarter. And I would say anything that would be going into the first quarter of 2012 would be minimal, Rick. As far as the resolution of the tax situation, as far as the bio-fuel credits, I really can't give you an answer. It will depend upon the IRS. I can tell you that we're already working with the IRS to review the amended tax return for 2009, and we hope that it will go expeditiously. But that will be based on the IRS's timeline.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just one other question in terms of just your normal seasonality in the business. If I recall, usually second quarter is better than the first quarter because you use less energy and other things. What's that normal seasonal change, historically? Is it about $0.04 to $0.05 from the first quarter to second quarter?
Richard West: Not that much. It really depends. One of the things that -- if you look at seasonality, you normally see some better wood costs in the second quarter, third quarter. But fortunately for us, we didn't have an increase in wood costs. So it's not as much as you would have normally had in the past. Second, we do expect energy usage to go down with warmer weather. But that's more of a $0.01 to $0.02 per share item.
Paul Stecko: But on strictly volume, I think you're thinking of volume, Rick, we're usually up $0.02 on volume, first quarter to second, maybe up $0.02 to $0.03 on volumes second quarter to third as the volume builds. And so business does get better volume-wise, and our expectation, as Mark reported, is for higher volume in the second quarter, which we think will be the case.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Can you elaborate a bit more on your current inventory situation? You drew inventories down in the first quarter. Are you comfortable with where you are? And I guess, what steps do you need to take to make sure you're supplying your box plants ahead of the rebuilds in the summer?
Mark Kowlzan: It's a good question. We had planned to build inventory ahead of the shutdowns. As we went into the January, February period, obviously, volume was very good. Mills ran strong, but box plants also ran well in spite of the winter weather issues. And so we actually drew down some of that inventory. That being said, we've got to run well and continue to take care of business in order to meet the demand. But to your point, we were anticipating to build. We're, instead, we actually drew it down 8,000 tons. So as we also mentioned in the call in January, we have some options. In fact, our domestic volume is that strong, as far as cut up. We continue to have the ability to take tons out export, as an example, in order to supply our own needs. So again, right now, tight [ph] class situation with higher volume in the box plants will set the pace for us, and the mills will have to run to meet that.
Paul Stecko: As I said earlier -- this is Paul -- our basic plan now -- we're pretty close to where we want to be. The key is when we got that five- or six-week period in August, our plants are run at 104% of capacity. If we do that, we're in good shape. If we don't, then either have to cut back in some areas, primarily export. But our track record shows that we can do it. We said we had about 50,000 tons related to the shutdowns. We have pre-built 25,000 tons. That's 25,000 above our optimum inventory level. Now, we can run lower than optimum, 15,000 tons or so. It costs you a little more money to do that because of freight cost, but that's also a solution. We'll just run a little leaner and this can cost us. And then if we really had a problem which we're not anticipating, we can always push that second recovery boiler shutdown out another two, three, four weeks and build more inventory. But we don't think it will come to that.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Thank you. That's very helpful. And Rick, you would confirm that the energy project capital spending would basically conclude at 4Q. Are you still targeting about $295 million and with the 25% return? Thank you.
Richard West: Yes, that's still in the ballpark for both capital as well as return.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. First, question was just -- you referenced, Mark, I think $0.06 and $0.13 for the impact from both the annual maintenance and from the energy projects in the first, second quarter, respectively. Roughly how much of that would be the energy versus the annual maintenance?
Richard West: The third item, too, in the second quarter, which is the #1 machine being down at Counce for the drive replacement, Mark. So we really haven't differentiated it. But normally, we said the first quarter was about $0.06, where the Tomahawk and Filer outages are much smaller outages. So they would probably be about $0.02 and then the remainder would be the extra energy work in the Counce.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And in the second quarter, how much would your normal annual maintenance charges? Would it be $0.04 or $0.05 typically than the average year?
Richard West: Including the annual outage repair cost amortization, yes.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then just -- so we should figure April, can you give us a sense as to how the first few days in April have stacked up?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, if you'll hit our first 10 days of shipments have been very good. We're up about 1% over March, which was an all-time record, and actually up 3% over last year's April, which was also a record. So we're feeling pretty good right now with what we're seeing in the market
Paul Stecko: So that's pretty tough comparables being up over your all-time records.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Phil Gresh from J.P. Morgan.
Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Most of my question has been answered. But I just want to follow up on the acquisition. What was EBITDA contribution? Just trying to get a sense of the multiple. And kind of any kind of synergies you would expect from that?
Mark Kowlzan: We don't typically get into the financials when we disclose an acquisition. Rick, do you want to add any more?
Richard West: No. At this point, we don't have anything to add related to the acquisition. Of course, the sales are about $35 million. If fits all of our criteria. As we said earlier, and it's going to be beneficial to us and accretive to earnings from the first day.
Paul Stecko: And basically, we're not trying to be evasive. But anything we shared with you on that would be sharing with our competitors. And that's just not something we like to do.
Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, fair enough. And then just to clarify, the guidance for the second quarter. I assume it does not include the insurance deductible charge of $3 million?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, that's correct.
Phil Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Mark, just coming back to the comment about being able to move back from the export market. How much tonnage is going into export right now? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much leeway you have on this inventory situation? And then second, as you look at that laundry list of incremental costs this quarter, as we look through our model, how many of those costs were incremental to your expectations? I mean, obviously, some of it is related to the operating issues and the tons you produce. But how much of those costs were a surprise to you in the quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: On the first question, on exports, we are down 3% on the first quarter. And again, that was planned. Again, as we finished up the year 2010 and went into the first quarter. We have mentioned that on the January 25 call. The next question…
Richard West: I think we were down from about 10% to 7%. So you've got a couple of hundred thousand tons to play with, Mark, which is a lot of tons.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Yes, exactly. And then the second question was just on cost. Just trying to get a sense of how many of those things caught you by surprise in the quarter or weren't something that you could predict based on the operation issues you had.
Richard West: Very little. As we said earlier, we missed our guidance by $0.03. $0.02 of it was in severe weather, both in terms of volume and increased costs, when you've had people working but you were not shipping. The other $0.01 was essentially in transportation, which was inflation-oriented with a higher diesel cost and the other $0.005 was in medical, which it was either a combination of claims or increased costs for the benefits that were rendered. So from our guidance it was not that much that we didn't expect. But it did go up during the quarter, which leads to the fact that for many items the first quarter average is lower than what we had exiting the quarter, which has more impact in the second quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: And to be fair, Mark, we probably missed inflation by another $0.01, but that got wiped out by $0.01 of volume was better than we thought. So we had two misses that offset each other, which happens every quarter.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Sure, sure. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Andrew Feinman from Meridian.
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Thanks. So I just would like you to tell us a little bit more about the acquisition, not the numbers. I know you don't want to talk about the numbers. But was it a box plant or how many box plants? What does it do to your integration? I think you said something about a manufacturer. So do they have any paper...
Mark Kowlzan: All we're prepared to release today is we bought a box plant located in Chicago, which is a big market, where we need capacity, and it has about $35 million in sales. And you can do math and make an estimate yourself on how big that might be in terms of tonnage. But again, we don't normally disclose this information down the road. Once it's integrated, then we talk more about it.
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Are they capable of doing the hard stuff?
Mark Kowlzan: You didn't hear my first answer, apparently.
Andy Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: I'm sorry. Okay, that's good enough. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Eric Seeve from GoldenTree.
Eric Seeve - GoldenTree Asset Management: I was wondering if you could provide a little more color on the expected timing of the ramp up of the energy projects. And also, you've talked about what the returns will be. Are those returns that we should expect in year 1 of the projects being operational or is there a ramp-up period?
Mark Kowlzan: As an example, when we complete the recovery boiler rebuild at Counce into the fourth quarter, we expect to see the benefit taking place during that fourth quarter. And then Valdosta with the new recovery and turbine generator, we expect to see that benefit beginning at that point in time and then seeing full benefits go in the first quarter of 2012. So again, there will be some start up, but full benefit, first quarter of 2012.
Paul Stecko: The question is we're not sure when we're going to start up in the fourth quarter. I mean, it's planned for December 1. You never know. If I had to make a big bet, I'd bet that we'll probably be two weeks early, as opposed to two weeks late. The project is going well, but we don't want to jinx it. But in terms of 2012, yes, this thing -- we get the benefit in 2012. The only other thing I would say on return is that we're confident, at the return. Whether we get it above the line or below the line is yet to be determined because part of the return involves credits, energy credits, and we can take those in various forms, some of them in revenue or we can opt to take, if approved, investment tax credits, where you get the cash up front. And so that's the -- but they both will translate into the same return. But the complete nature of the return hasn't been defined because there's still energy legislation going on that we will participate in and we're just trying to find out the best way to participate.
Eric Seeve - GoldenTree Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr.Joel Lekerski[ph] from BMO Capital.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: It's Stephen Atkinson, actually. In terms of the Tomahawk and the Filer City where the energy balance, obviously, is not as good, is there anything you can do there?
Mark Kowlzan: We always have plans in our portfolio as we look forward at opportunities. But currently, again, the bigger projects, obviously, are at the southern mills. But we have the bio-fuel process at Filer City, which was started up in 2008. And so again, when you look at Filer, we've significantly improved the energy position and eliminated the use of natural gas in our boilers, which we supplemented that with methane gas that's generated on-site from the bio processing.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: And the other opportunity, we also have at Filer -- it's not on the immediate drawing board, but it's a down-the-line consideration, if electricity costs do what we think they're going to do, we could instead of burning that in a boiler we put it through a gas turbine and generate electricity – it would be a small investment. And that's something that we'll look at down the road.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: And in terms of the share buybacks, what is your status? And what is still left?
Richard West: Well, we're finishing up essentially the last part of what we had. But we just had another authorization last quarter for $100 million. So we've got $100 million left and a little bit from the previous authorization.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no additional audio questions at this time, sir.
Mark Kowlzan: With that, operator, we'll conclude the call. And thank you, appreciate it very much. See you on the next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating on today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Kowlzan – CEO Rick West – SVP and CFO Paul Stecko – Executive Chairman Tom Hassfurther – EVP, Corrugated Products
Analysts: Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research George Staphos – Merrill Lynch Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly – CLSA Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management Eric Steve – Goldentree Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Mark Kowlzan, Chief Executive Officer of PCA. Upon conclusion of the narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Kowlzan. Please go ahead when you’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, CEO of PCA and with me on the call today are Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman of PCA, Tom Hassfurther, who runs the Corrugated Business; and Rick West, PCA’s Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in this morning’s call and after the presentation, we will be glad to take any questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2010 net income of $55 million or $0.54 per share which included a $5 million or $0.05 per share addition to income from cellulosic biofuel tax credits generated in 2009 and after tax non-cash charges totaling $3 million or $0.03 per share from asset disposals related to the Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta Georgia mills major energy projects and paper machine assets earlier to April 2005 at the Tomahawk mill. Reported results for the fourth quarter of 2009 were $59 million or $0.57 per share which included income of $44 million or $0.42 per share from alternative fuel mixture tax credits and energy project asset disposal charges of $1 million or $0.01 per share. Net sales, for the fourth quarter recorded $627 million, up 18% compared to fourth quarter of 2009 net sales of $532 million. Excluding income from biofuel tax credits and asset disposal charges net income was a fourth quarter record of $53 million or $0.52 per share versus fourth quarter of 2009 net income of $16 million or $0.16 per share. This $0.36 per share increase in earnings was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products price and mix of $0.44 per share and higher volume of $0.05 per share. These increases were partially offset by higher cost for recycle fiber of $0.05 per share, labor related cost including medical cost of $0.04 per share, transportation cost at $0.02 per share, chemical cost of $0.02 per share and the higher tax rate of $0.01 per share. Excluding income from biofuel tax credits and for asset disposals and closure charges, earnings for 2010 were $166 million for our record $1.62 per share compared to $96 million or $94 per share in 2009. Net sales were also a record $2.44 billion compared to $2.15 billion in 2009. Looking at operations, our corrugated products volume was up 3.1% over last year’s very strong fourth quarter setting a record for fourth quarter shipments. Our demand is relatively steady throughout the quarter with shipments per work day up 4.3% in October, 2.2% in November and 2.5% in December over last year. Since the fourth quarter of 2008, a low point in the economic downturn for us, total shipments are up 11.6%. Our outside sales of containerboard also remained very strong of both domestic and export shipments up 8.6% over last year’s fourth quarter. The increase sales volumes benefited our earnings by about $0.05 per share compared to last year’s fourth quarter. All of our mills had an outstanding quarter producing 639,000 tons of containerboard up 39,000 tons or 6.4% over the fourth quarter of 2009 driven by exceptional productivity and operating efficiencies. The high mills productivity enabled us to build half of the containerboard inventory necessary to offset the 2011 production losses related to energy project work at Valdosta and Counce mills including the pines and the rebuild of two of the Counce recovery boilers. Looking at pricing our containerboard and corrugated products prices were up significantly year-over-year reflecting higher containerboard prices both domestic and export plus a full pass over to boxes of our containerboard price increases which along with mix improved earnings by about $0.44 per share compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Moving to cost, industry published price for old corrugated containers or OCC, excluding delivery costs increased more than we expected when we provided our earnings guidance and we are up about $75 per ton in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to the fourth quarter of last year and up $35 per ton compared to the third quarter of 2010. The higher OCC cost reduced our earnings year-over-year by about $0.05 per share and lowered our earnings by about $0.01 per share compared to our fourth quarter earnings guidance. Based on January published prices, OCC is now about $10 a ton above the fourth quarter average. Wood fiber costs were down slightly with the better weather compared to last year’s very wet fourth quarter, plus we did a very good job of getting winter in and turbine built earlier this year which kept the wood costs down. Labor related costs were up about $0.04 per share including higher medical costs and higher accruals for incentive compensation based on higher earnings. Transportation costs were up $0.02 per share compared to last year’s fourth quarter with higher diesel prices and increased demand on the nationwide truck fleet and rail system. Chemical costs, primarily caustic soda were also up reducing earnings by about $0.02 per share compared to last year’s fourth quarter and higher tax rate reduced earnings by about $0.01 per share. I’m now going to turn it over to Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer, who’ll give you an update on our cash position, dual tax credits and also our expected capital spending and tax rate for 2011.
Rick West: Thank you, Mark. Looking at cash in the fourth quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $139 million. Our uses of cash were capital expenditures of $89 million, which included $41 million for the Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects and $15 million for strategic projects at our box plants. For the year our total capital expenditures were $320 million that included $176 million for our major energy project, $39 million for strategic box plant projects and $105 million for normal capital expenditures. During the quarter, we also repurchased 496,000 shares of our common stock for about $25.50 per share or $13 million and paid our regular common stock dividends that amounted to approximately $15 million. For the year, we paid dividends of $62 million and repurchased $41 million in common stock. We ended the year with a $197 million cash on hand. With regard to biofuel credits, our Counce, Valdosta and Tomahawk mills produced cellulosic biofuel in 2009. This quarter we along with outside tax advisors determined that our proprietary biofuel process is the Filer City Corrugated medium mill will also likely qualify for 2009 cellulosic biofuel credits. Based on accounting guidelines in the fourth quarter we recorded an addition to income of $5 million or $0.05 per share for Filer Cities 2009 cellulosic biofuel generated. The potential exist per higher after tax credits then what we recorded under accounting guidelines because the Filer City biofuel process is unique and internal revenue writ service regulations do not specifically address the process. We expect an expedited review of our amended 2009 tax return that will finalize any additional credits we’re due from Filer City by the end of the year. During the fourth quarter, we used $15 million in tax credits to offset cash taxes and as of yearend we have estimated tax credits remaining of $104 million including the additional $5 million for the Filer City mill. In terms of 2011 guidance for tax, we expect our effective combined federal and state tax rate for income reporting purposes to be 36% and our cash tax rate to be about 21%. The difference driven by both fuel tax credits and other tax deductions. Capital expenditures for 2011 are expected to be $255 million down $65 million from 2010. The spending includes a $115 million to complete the major energy projects for Counce and Valdosta, $40 million for our strategic projects in the box plant and a $100 million for normal capital. With that I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you Rick. 2010 was a very successful and significant year for PCA not only in terms of results but also strategically. In addition to generating record sales and earnings we are very pleased with the performance of box plant and achieving record shipments in the fourth quarter and bringing our volume back to pre-economic downturn levels. The key priority for Tom Hassfurther and his team in 2011 will be to continue our strategic box plant expansions and continue to grow our Corrugated Products volume and increase our integration level. Our mills had an outstanding year running at almost 100% of capacity, setting several new records for productivity. As you know earlier this month we named Jack Carter, our new Vice President, the mill operations reporting to me. Jack and his team will their plate full in 2011, with normal annual maintenance averages plus downtime and slow backs associated with the energy project work. Fortunately, we made good progress in fourth quarter in building inventory to support the shutdowns and that will take some of the pressure of, but our mills will still need to run exceptionally well in 2011 in order to meet the expected demand and complete the rest of the inventory build for the shutdowns. Looking ahead to the first quarter, our Counce and Valdosta mills will be down about a week at the end of March for their normal annual maintenance averages. Valdosta shutdown will continue into April making the total shutdown to 11 days. One of our two paper machine at Counce will also be down and additional week in June to install the new electric drive on the machine. The downtime will resolve the lower production and increased costs, higher fiber, energy, timing related benefit cost, and higher effective tax rate are also expected in the first quarter. Considering these items, we currently estimate our first quarter earnings at $0.42 per share. With that we would be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that operator, I’d like to open it for queue for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Just clarify so we get the whole downtime situation set for the year because obviously you’re hooking up these energy projects. You mentioned obviously the maintenance down at Valdosta and Counce at the end of March, beginning of April. I think you also said there will be a Counce machine down in June, if I heard you right.
Rick West: Correct.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: And then, in the press release you mentioned some I guess some other downtime in Counce in the second half of ‘11. If you could elaborate a little bit on that and maybe give us some idea what the cost would be?
Rick West: Good question. The normal annual shutdowns will take place during this first quarter at Counce and Valdosta but with the electric drive replacement we’re going to be able to take advantage of some of the recovery boiler rebuild time when the mill is making less pop so we’re going to use that week on the first part of June to take care of number one paper machine drive. Also during the April, May period, during the second quarter we’ll see the Tomahawk and Filer mills go through their annual shutdown. But then later in the year when you go through the remainder of the recovery boiler or rebuilt at Counce, the number one recovery will be down during the June, July period. It will come back up and run through August, once we’re satisfied that the boiler is performing as we expect, the number two recovery will come down during the month of September and October. So during that period which carries into the fourth quarter we’ll see some continued slow back which impacts the tons for the year. So that’s why you’re seeing some of this impact carry over into the fourth quarter with the recovery boiler rebuilt completing at Counce.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. And then, I guess as we think about your sort of point to different, stages of downtime throughout the year I would imagine –
Mark Kowlzan: Chip, go ahead and finish that last question.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Sure. I guess just to make sure we get our models right. Obviously this is an unusual year and we’ll see the payoff we expect next year from the energy projects. But it sounds to me that we probably versus normal should build in. I mean, you tell me $0.05, $0.06 a quarter or maybe extra downtime in the second, third and fourth that – or at least in the third and fourth that we normally wouldn’t see in a typical year as you all hook up the energy projects. I guess what I’m asking the question. Is it fair to say that as you bring the final count boiler number 2 back on, then we should see the full benefits starting in the first quarter of ‘12 from the energy projects or is it just from ramp up period?
Rick West: That’s correct. As far as the last part of the question, first quarter of 2012 will see the full benefits of all of these projects and Valdosta boiler will be ramped up by then, Counce will be well behind us and so for the first quarter everything is delivering full results.
Paul Stecko: Hey Chip, this is Paul. Good to hear from you. Let me just chip in on your first question, there is just still lot of moving parts on the shutdowns and what it’s going to cost us, we’ve got an estimate, but we don’t release full year estimates. But, we will try to get you in a right church, if you take all of these downtimes that we are going to experience because of the outages, etcetera, etcetera, it’s probably going to amount to on an order of magnet to $0.10 a share over the year. So, not as big numbers you thought, but it’s about $0.10 a share in 2011. But that’s going to be offset in most part but we will get some early savings from the project in 2011. Okay, for example Mark got the turbine up and running in the fourth quarter of last year account where we are banging at about 7 megawatts of electricity as we speak, that’s going to give us some savings. In addition although the section 45 electric credits never got the Congress last year, we’re hopefully they might get there this year. We did get an incentive from the utility, I don’t know what they call that, that electricity reduction program and we are going to get about $2 million this year from that, which will help earnings and that was not even put into the project. So, we will get benefits from the project some of it this year probably amounting close to $0.10 which will offset the downtimes. So net, net, it should net out.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Rick West: And also Chip, just to review first quarter we are talking about a 25,000 tons impact from early outages, second quarter we are talking about 40,000 ton impact and then into the third and fourth 25,000 tons. So, for the year it’s 90,000 tons of downtime impact.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: And lastly, would you say you are missing the offsetting benefits, that’s probably more of a second, third and fourth quarter issue then the first or we are seeing some of those offsets or full offsets in the first quarter in that $0.42 guidance.
Rick West: It’s a little bit in each quarter but it ramps up. In other words we are getting more and more as the year goes on. For example once we get that one of those recovery boilers up, we have got more, you will have – we will be able to generate more energy.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you.
Rick West: Because it’s a more efficient boiler and we will have, I mean, higher efficiency means higher steam production, higher steam production needs more electricity. So, it’s not linear, but over the course of the year we think we will get about 10%, $0.10 this year from the project. The other thing that skews, which makes us a difficult year to forecast is that although Mark said we got about 90,000 tons of downtime, we have already built 25,000 tons of inventory to offset some of that 90,000. So paper made in 2010 we get the sale and take the profit in 2011 and if we continue to run exceptionally well, we will build another 20,000 or so between now and those outages which may be made in the first quarter but not sold until later in the year when we have downtime, so as I said a lot of moving parts on this thing.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. Thanks very much.
Paul Stecko: All right, thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Sir, our next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Paul Stecko: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Good morning. I just think to clarify that the 90,000 is that specific to the recovery, the boiler projects or is that total?
Paul Stecko: That’s total for the year, again the entire impact of – put it this way, the normal annual maintenance outages are typically 45,000 to 50,000 tons. So, this year you will see about 50,000 tons of normal type activity, regular outages at our four mills and then 40000 tons of incremental activity on top of that from the different rebuilds, Counce number one drive and the recovery boilers, so –
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay, perfect. I am trying to understand the first quarter guidance, I was looking back and my sense was that the seasonal drop for Q1 it is normally not quite as big as $0.10 and I know that waste paper costs are a little bit higher, am I just getting that wrong or are there other things that play here to help explain why that 1Q guidance basically $0.10 lower than 4Q?
Paul Stecko: Well again, if you look at the 10 year history, 4 out of the 10 years were $0.10 or greater. So, 7 out of the 10 were greater than $0.08. Now, this particular quarter as happened before we have both Counce and Valdosta down during the first quarter which is a significant impact on the system that’s approximately 60% of our tonnage and so it has a bigger proportional impact on our cost and profit capability.
Rick West: The other point Mark is that, as Mark pointed out, if you look at a 10 year average, we are $0.07 to $0.08 is the typical down and so that’s normal, I would assume that everybody that follows us closely would build a number like that in. What’s difference this year in addition to what Mark said is paper prices are near all-time highs or at all-time highs, which means for every ton the downtime you take, you lose more profit than you did before prices are roughly order of magnitude number, a 100 all at high as they were last year before the price increases of last year. So, we are making a $100 a ton more on every ton we sell, which means that the downtime cost you more and that’s on the order of two and two and a half cents and that makes up the difference.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. And so presumably as you go through the year and you are selling the inventory you built to offset the downtime you should presumably have a bigger seasonal pick up as the year goes on, would that be a fair assessment.
Paul Stecko: You got it right on.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Paul Stecko: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos of Merrill Lynch.
Paul Stecko: Good morning, George.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Hi guys, good morning. Couple of quick questions, one, could you give us an update on how the early trends are for 2011 realizing that January is not – most relevant month of the year? And then secondly, if possible on this kind of forum could you give us a bit more color in terms of the strategic spending you do within the box plants?
Paul Stecko: We are going to let Tom go ahead and talk about those two items.
Tom Hassfurther: Good morning. Let me just first talk about volume. It remains very good but I got to tell the measurement for the first 12 days is a little complicated. Last in the third of our box plants actually worked on January 3rd, due a plant holiday and a lot of our customers didn’t work that day either. However the FBA has designated January 3rd as a work day. So, just briefly with January 3rd shipments would be down 3%, but excluding January 3rd, we were up 6%. And our bookings with January 3rd included we were flat, however, excluding January 3rd we were up 9%. Now of course, over the course of the 21 workdays, I mean that, missing that one work day won’t mean that much and again just to summarize, volume remains very good and has remained consistent. With regard to the box plant strategic expansions and capital spent, I think we initiated this expansion because as we mentioned before, we are out of capacity at some of our plants or will be out in the very near future. Additionally we need some capability at some plants to better local markets and we will have just a very small amount of plant rationalization that will go along with this. Now, I am not going really go into any other great details because what we are doing as proprietary and it’s not something we want to share with our competitors, but I will add that the returns are very good.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: If I could, in terms of the converting equipment or capability that you are building in for the local account, is this PKG proprietary technology that you worked with machinery suppliers on or is this more less off the shelf?
Tom Hassfurther: No, it’s more or less off the shelf, but I think it’s proprietary in terms of how we apply it and what we do from the manufacturing position.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Paul Stecko: And George, this is Paul. I would just like to amplify on what Tom said. The numbers are little misleading the first 10 days because we didn’t work on January 3rd except for may be less than a third of our plant which is probably fairly typical for other people, but when you exclude that, you exclude that day our volume is very strong and over the month even counting that day if the current trend continues will have a pretty good month and even though we set a record for volume in December, we are up about 3%, 3.5% over that December run rate as of right now.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Okay. That’s all for Paul. I guess the last question I will turn it over, capital spending is declining this year perhaps not as much as we have been forecasting, but some of that is I think the strategic spending on the box plant, you are obviously building cash as this question comes up periodically on the call, when do you think you will reach a point where you feel you have the ability to return valid shareholders in one form or another, what mile post should we look to in terms of trying to gauge the timing?
Paul Stecko: Yeah George, this is Paul, I will take that. When we told, I think everybody that we were going to spend about $70 million to $75 million on these strategic box plant expansions and about a $100 million on acquisitions for box plants over the next say three years and that’s still the number. I think we will probably spend a little more on internal strategic box plants than acquisitions because quite frankly and keep your fingers crossed. It looks like things are bouncing back a little quicker than we thought. I think, everybody thought even manufacturing activity is picking up. So we feel we got to move a little quicker on somebody’s internal projects because of capacity constraints. And we’ve pulled forward a little bit of capital on that. But once we get through the box plant acts, we’ll go back to the $110 million dollar a year number.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. I’ll turn it over.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Mark, can you just talk about – just maybe remind us what your returns expectations are from the recovery boiler spends that you’re doing? And has that changed it or given where natural gas prices are?
Mark Kowlzan: We’re still looking at that 25% return range which is very close to what we originally anticipated. So the returns are still looking good. We’re very excited about the project.
Rick West: The only change is again there is a lot of moving pieces, things go up and down. And as you know, when you get savings, it’s really two elements of savings. In this project, it’s mostly cost reduction. We will reduce our cost of electricity because we’re making it all. But there is also cost avoidance and cost avoidance basically says it may not improve your earnings but it offsets inflation. Your earnings won’t go down if things like natural gas and electricity spikes in prices. And quite frankly, starting energy prices with the recession has not escalated as much as we thought but they’re starting to. And so by 2012, we may get to exactly what we thought our energy prices. But even if we don’t, there are some other pluses than minuses that kind of bring this thing back to what we thought it would be. We think our efficiencies are going to be higher based on some of the boiler work we did already at counts. And that would help the project. The only negative I would say on the project to date is the section 45 of liquor credits never got inactive last year as the comprehensive energy bill never came forward and Congress spent a lot of time, as you know, on health care. We haven’t given up on that. We think Congress will get to a comprehensive energy program. And we’re optimistic that will go through and that’s on the order of 5 to $6 million in savings. But inflation is starting to come back. Mark was just giving me an anecdote yet, today on coal prices. Mark, I think it’s just a pretty good proxy for things.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, I want to comment on that. Just at one of our mills – if you look at that, the 2010 coal pricing – what we’re getting close for 2011 deliveries are up 30% over the last year’s coal price. So, obviously, that’s a regional specific but we are starting to see some pressure in terms of 15% to 30% type of increases just on coal alone. Electricity rates are also higher. If you look at Georgia, we’re seeing rates going up in the Balbastric electric grid region. So we’re seeing this pressure on both fuel and electricity now.
Rick West: And I think the important point that we want to make is not only we’re getting cost reduction but strategically, it puts us in a good position going forward for cost avoidance.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: And then maybe on that topic of raw material cost, can you just elaborate more about what you might be seeing across the various cost inputs, whether it would be fiber or chemicals?
Rick West: I think, if you go back to 2009 and to 2010, one of the big stories down in the south was the weather conditions that impacted wood fiber cost. That abated during the summer we had a good summer for logging and we were able to build winter inventories. Prices declined, that being said obviously OCC is at record high prices, and chemicals are another point of fact, chemicals are up. Some of the pressure in the southeast obviously is fiber, where you are seeing some of the pressure from power plants as an example starting to move fibers somewhat. So, I think fiber will continue to be a factor on the upward trend, chemicals and energy in general. There is a good side of it. I had to say costs going up offer some good side, but a little bit into deflation still say the economy is really picking up. Some of the things that have been done in terms of the foolish tax cuts, I think one of the signs of economic activity is a little more inflation. And I hope it’s a little more inflation, not a lot. So we are not all displeased about that.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Maybe just one last question, just…
Rick West: You’re out of questions. We need to give everybody, excuse me, go ahead. One more.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Well, I just wanted to ask about what are you seeing in the export markets.
Mark Kowlzan: I think coming after fourth quarter we saw that normal seasonal slow back for the first quarter, nothing dramatic, volume is still what we’d expect, we had a great year last year. And right now South America is slowing back. They are getting ready to go into their winter season. But right now we don’t see anything unusual with the export markets.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark Connelly – CLSA:
 : And then my second question to get it other way quickly is what would you say your operating rate was overall in the fourth quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: I think as far as the mill operating rate we are close to a 100%.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: Round it off we are right at a 100% on the mill operating rate. And I think that your first question I think it’s all about the economy. I think the economy is stronger than many people see and we are seeing that with our sales.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: But your – but not from your existing customers. That’s what I’m trying to figure out. I would have thought that your existing customers will be leaning on you more?
Mark Kowlzan: No.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Go ahead.
Mark Kowlzan: Our existing customer demand was incredibly good and was up significantly and as Paul mentioned, I mean we continue to be up even over the record that we set last month on a per-day basis. So, we’ve got a lot of demand. The other thing that is factored in our outside sales or our export sales we do play some catch up by the end of the year on some of those accounts. So it tends to run a little higher for us in the fourth quarter.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Rick West: And I think that the important point just so we make it, or outside sales domestically was up more than our outside sales in export. And basically, our existing customers are buying more. It’s not there we are adding more customers, it’s that they need more paper and we are selling them more paper. And as Mark said, we think their business is better and that’s related to the economy.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: I think your integration rate is falling, overall?
Mark Kowlzan: No. No.
Rick West: No, because our box demand is also increasing, we set in December an all-time record….
Mark Kowlzan: For the period.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Okay. Thanks very much.
Rick West: They are pretty much in parallel and if anything – we are picking up a little on integration level.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Got it. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrew Feinman of Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Thank you. Could you tell us what, Rick, what depreciation and amortization was for 2010 and what would be for 2011?
Rick West: Well for 2010, it’s about 156 points – well $156 million. I would say for 2011 because the project is not coming on board, it’s very little up, I would say about $160 million in depreciation for 2011.
Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Okay. Thanks. And you guys already answered a question about the returns on the Counce and box project of 25% which I remember from the last call is after-tax, not pre-tax. But I also had in my notes from the last call that on the box plants, spending you thought that the return might be over 40% after-tax. Is that still reasonable?
Rick West: Yeah, that’s still reasonable. We said some of the projects going to be as high as 40% is what I think we said. And they vary in – we’ve got a number of them. And the returns I would say it’s more fair to say they’re going to be from in the 25 on the low side and 40 on the high side.
Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Okay.
Rick West: So it’s a combination depending on the project, the particular circumstance and probably it’s more important than anything else the amount of capital required.
Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Okay.
Rick West: That’s an after tax number.
Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: All right. And then the last question. You mentioned coal, what kind of coal do you marine?
Rick West:
 :
Andrew Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: I mean like, met coal, spin coal, I don’t know. I’ll ask you later. Thank you.
Rick West: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Steve of Goldentree.
Eric Steve – Goldentree: Hi, guys. Two clerical questions. What is the current share count outstanding and what’s the year end debt level? Please. Thank you.
Rick West: Well, on the debt level, it still 658 for debt level and we’re at about 102 point – 102 even on shares outstanding at year end.
Eric Steve – Goldentree: Thank you.
Rick West: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Hirschtritt of Sheffield Asset Management.
Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management: Hey, guys. How are you?
Rick West: Good. Morning.
Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management:
 :
Paul Stecko: It’s net. In other words, what I’m saying is last number.
Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management: Yes.
Paul Stecko: Order back in two numbers. So don’t get overly precised.
Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management: Yeah.
Paul Stecko: Estimates are not overly precise at this point. But the downtime that we’re going to take related to the energy projects, not annual outages. It’s going to be about $0.10 a share. However, the energy project, some aspects of it will contribute earnings. And that’s on an order of magnitude of $0.10 a share. So those two taken together wipe each other out.
Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management: Got you. So, the things like the electricity subsidy wiped out some of the $0.10 affects.
Paul Stecko: Exactly.
Rick West: You got it.
Jonathan Hirschtritt – Sheffield Asset Management: Got you. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Mark Kowlzan: With that, operator, we’d like to end the call. And we’ll see you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s conference. You may all now disconnect. Thank you and have a nice day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Stecko – Executive Chairman Mark Kowlzan – Chief Executive Officer Tom Hassfurther - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products Business Rick West - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse George Staphos – Bank of America Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole Claudia Shank Hueston – JPMorgan Michael Bolosi – Voyant Advisors Andy Feinman – Iridian Asset Management Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Executive Chairman. Upon conclusion of the narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead when you’re ready.
Paul Stecko: Thank you and good morning. And welcome to PCA’s second quarter earnings release conference call. I’m Paul Stecko and with me on the call today are Mark Kowlzan, our CEO; Tom Hassfurther, our Executive Vice President of the Corrugated Products Business; and Rick West, PCA’s Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in the call and as usual, after we complete the presentation, we’ll be glad to take any questions. As I think most of you on the call know, we recently announced the separation of the Chairman and CEO roles at PCA, with Mark Kowlzan being named as CEO. Accordingly, after I make some opening remarks about the second quarter, I’ll turn it over to Mark, who will provide you with the specific details of our second quarter results and operations, as well as, our third quarter outlook. We had an outstanding quarter operationally in both our mills and our box plants in the second quarter. Earnings were significantly higher than we expected entering the quarter, driven by stronger volume, a faster pass-through of our April containerboard price increase to boxes, a richer mix of corrugated and containerboard shipments with more displays and value-added products and a lower volume of containerboard exports. In all phase, these all our operations we executed very well, especially considering the significant challenges we face with major annual maintenance outages at three of our four mills and our relatively low level of containerboard inventory. With respect to revenues, our sales in the second quarter came within $5 million of our all time record, which was set in the third quarter of 2008 and the third quarter is usually our strongest quarter sales-wise. Entering the third quarter this year, we are much better positioned capacity-wise with all of our maintenance outages completed for the year. However, at our current containerboard inventory levels, our mills will continue to need to run well in order to meet demand begin to replenish inventories, which in turn will help us reduce our freight costs. With that brief introduction, I’d like to turn it over to Mark, who will get into the specifics of our results and operations.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Paul. I’d also like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Yesterday, we reported second quarter earnings of $38 million or $0.37 per share, which included an after-tax charge of $1 million or about 1 penny a share from asset disposals related to the Counce and Valdosta major energy projects. The reported results for the second quarter of 2009 were net income of $109 million or $1.07 per share, which included $80 million or $0.79 per share from alternative fuel mixture credits. The net sales for the second quarter were $615 million up 12%, compared to $549 million in the second quarter of 2009. Excluding the asset disposal charge, net income was $39 million or $0.38 per share versus the second quarter of 2009 earnings, excluding alternative fuel mixture credits of $29 million or $0.28 per share. The increase in earnings per share compared to last year was driven by higher containerboard and corrugated products prices and a richer mix of $0.12 per share, higher volume of $0.08 per share and lower energy costs of $0.02 per share. These increases were partially offset by higher recycled fiber costs of $0.06 per share, increased wood costs of $0.03 per share and higher transportation costs of $0.02 per share. Excluding the alternative fuel mixture credits and energy project related asset disposal charges, net income for the first six months of 2010 was $52 million or $0.50 per share, compared to $54 million or $0.53 per share in 2009. Year-to-date sales were $1.17 billion, compared to $1.06 billion in 2009. Our corrugated products demand was up 8% over last year’s second quarter in both total shipments and shipments per work day with the same number of work days. As you might recall, our demand started picking up in the second quarter of last year, so we are starting to compare against stronger year-over-year comps. Demand in April and May was up a very strong 8.8% and 9.6% respectively, compared to last year. June demand, while not quite as strong as April and May was up a healthy 5.8% over last year. Our outside sales of containerboard were up about 12,000 tons or 12% over last year’s second quarter. We were limited in what we can sell to this market due to our low inventory levels and strong demand for board to supply our own box plants. Our mills ran extremely well producing 589,000 tons of containerboard. During April and May, we lost about 35,000 tons of production with our 15-day extended annual maintenance outage at Valdosta and five-day annual maintenance outages at Tomahawk and Filer City mills. The earnings impact from the annual outage downtimes, including higher operating costs was about $0.07 per share during the quarter. All three mill outages were completed as planned with very good startups, which were critical considering the low inventory levels. June was the first month since August of 2008 that the mill did not have maintenance or marketing related downtime, giving us an opportunity to run at full capacity. All of the mills ran extremely well, setting a new production record for tons produced per day, as well as, a new record for most tons produced in any 30-day month. Despite running well and reducing the outside sales of containerboard, we ended the quarter with our containerboard inventory level lower than we would liked to have had about 18,000 tons below last year’s June level, when corrugated demand was much lower. Fortunately, we now have all of the annual maintenance outages done, so capacity-wise we’re in much better shape for the second half of the year. As reported by the FBA last Friday, industry inventories remain at historic lows with June ending inventories at only 1,999,000 tons or 3.4 weeks of supply. This is the lowest June ending inventory in 30 years. Also, industry corrugated products demand was up 3.7% for June and up 4.6% for the quarter compared to last year. Moving to pricing, we realized the remainder of the earnings benefit from our first quarter box price increases in the second quarter and we essentially completed our second quarter box price increases by July the 1st. From an average price standpoint, we realized about third of the earnings benefit from our second quarter box price increases in the second quarter with the remaining earnings benefit expected in the third quarter. Our mix of both corrugated and containerboard shipments was also richer with more display business and more board shipments to our own box plants, higher prices and a richer mix improved earnings compared to last year’s second quarter by about $0.12 per share. Moving to cost, industry published prices for old corrugated containers or OCC, excluding delivery costs increased about $77 per ton in the second quarter of 2010, compared to the second quarter of last year. Even with our low usage of recycled fiber, which is about 17% of our net fiber purchases, the OCC price increase reduced our earnings by about $0.06 per share. Recycled fiber prices have turned down and the July price is about $15 a ton below the second quarter average. Wood fiber costs were up about $0.03 per share compared to last year’s second quarter, but are down about penny per share compared to the first quarter. We expect our wood fiber costs to continue to trend down gradually during the summer with continued good weather especially at the Counce containerboard linerboard mill. Our other mills were not hit as hard by the bad weather this winter so their wood cost should continue to decline some, but not quite as much as the wood costs at the Counce mail. Transportation costs were up about $0.02 per share, compared to last year’s second quarter driven by our low containerboard inventory levels, which required us to ship about 10% more tons to our box plants by truck instead of rail. Freight costs were also impacted by the higher diesel costs, which were up about 30% from the second quarter of 2009. Energy costs were lower than last year’s second quarter by about $0.02 per share and chemical costs were lower by about penny and half per share. I’m now going to turn it over to Rick West and he will continue the discussion about cash position and uses of cash during the quarter.
Rick West: Thank you, Mark. Capital expenditures were $92 million during the quarter, which included $50 million for our Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects. During the quarter, we repurchased 150,000 shares of our common stock for $20.74 per share or a total of $3 million and we currently have $62 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with $182 million cash on hand, down $16 million from the end of the first quarter driven by capital spending for the mill energy projects, annual maintenance outage costs and share repurchases. We received no cash payments from alternative fuel mixture credits during the quarter. However, we did benefit from $41 million of these credits, which were used to reduce our second quarter federal cash tax payments. Since we became a registered alternative fuel mixture -- mixer, we produced 370 million gallons of alternative fuels and qualify for a credit of $0.50 per gallon for an earned total of $185 million in credits. We have applied a total of $89 million in credits against our federal cash tax payments and we currently have remaining credits of $96 million. In a memorandum dated June 28, 2010, the IRS concluded that black liquor qualifies for the cellulosic biofuel producer credit of $1.01 per gallon of biofuel produced in 2009. As a result of the IRS guidance, PCA has filed an application to receive the required registration code to claim the cellulosic biofuel producer credit. We expect this registration to be received during the third quarter. PCA has not yet filed a claim for any black liquor credits earned in 2009, since our tax -- 2009 tax return is not due until September 15, 2010. Once the cellulosic biofuel registration is received, PCA can claim the cellulosic biofuel producer credit of $1.01 per gallon instead of the alternative fuel mixture credit of $0.50 per gallon. This would increase our total 2008 and 2009 tax credits to about $370 million or $230 million after-tax, compared to alternative fuel mixture credits of $195 million or a $45 million increase. This increases our remaining tax credits from $96 million to $141 million, which we really use to offset future federal cash taxes owned until the tax credits are fully utilized.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher earnings from a full quarter benefit of our second quarter box price increases and from higher sales volumes and increased mill production. Recycled fiber, wood fiber and fuel costs are also expected to be lower. Considering all of these items and excluding any additional income from black liquor, we currently estimate our third quarter earnings at about $0.60 per share. With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, I’d like to turn it over for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. Congratulations. Good quarter. I guess, what’s really striking to me is you’ve got $182 million in cash, you’ve got the $140 million in or $141 million tax credits. I do know, obviously, you’ve still got some more spend on the energy projects, but if you take the third quarter earnings run rate, you’re already at $2.40 and obviously, if the August price increase goes through and eventually you get the benefits from the energy projects, I mean, those numbers potentially at some point can move a lot higher. What plans or what perhaps can you share with us as to what you would be intending to use, or where would you be directing these increasing cash flows?
Paul Stecko: Yeah. Mark, this is Paul. Let me take that one. Somewhere I’ve been working on a long time. As you rightly said, our cash flow improves historically in the third and fourth quarter. They’re our strongest cash periods and hopefully, that will continue to be the case and, obviously, with $0.60 per share guidance, that would support your assertion. And we are looking -- what we would do with the cash, we started to buy a few shares the last quarter. And quite frankly, with the uncertainty in the market, we think things are happening externally that really may or may not affect PCA but it probably has affected our stock price at times more than we think it should. And so, starting on share buybacks seems to be the best first step to take. As you know, share buyback is a singular event unlike a dividend increase, which you have to plan for the long-term. There still is some uncertainty in the marketplace with regard to the so called bubble dip. And so our first use of cash would be directed at share buyback. There’s also some uncertainty on a tax treatment of dividends. We’d like a little more information on that when that does become available. We do still have about $62 million authorization under an existing share buyback approval from the board, so that’s a long-winded answer to a simpler answer is, our first step will probably be in the share buyback area.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. That’s really helpful. And can you remind us on the cap spending. I think you had initially indicated about $300 million for this year, maybe something closer to $200 million for next year, including all the spending on the energy projects, is that still a reasonable starting point?
Paul Stecko: Exactly, Mark. We’re still on track with the original plans. Projects are proceeding accordingly. Everything is on schedule, looking good, but your assumption is correct on the cap spend for this year going into next year.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Great. Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Yeah. Good morning. A question about how July might be looking. I know you sometimes give us a view of the current quarter and certainly, I recognize that the comparisons as was mentioned are getting tougher?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. If you think about July, we’re looking at nine out of the first 21 days and if you consider that it, although it’s a 21-day month, it’s really a 20-day month. The way the holiday broke this year, Friday ended up being pretty much an off-day on July 2. So it turned it into a 20-day month. That being said, if you look at the bookings and billings, we are up about 3.5% over last year’s month on bookings. Billings are up about 1% over last year. The good news is, after the holiday weekend was over, over the last week, the numbers have come back and they are looking fairly good, as we would have expected at this point. But, again, reminding you that Friday and Monday were essentially holiday days.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you.
Mark Kowlzan: At least for us in our box plant and then Tom, you might want to amplify on that a little bit.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would just say that July might be this year more representative of the years we had prior to 2007, where it started out a little slow at the beginning of the month, then it ramped up towards the end of the month, leading into the busy season of August through October.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. And when you look at the guidance to the third quarter, I would assume that you probably put very little of the August increase into that. Just -- and would it be probably prudent to sort of maybe see half of it, maybe less than half of it in the fourth quarter and not to really expect it till the first?
Paul Stecko: Chip, let me tell you what’s really prudent. We can’t talk about forward pricing. We can only talk about the past with regard to pricing. So I cannot comment about that. The company cannot comment about that. So we’re going to have to take a pass on that question.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Okay. Understood and last question for Rick. On this incremental credit, how should we see this $141 million flow in? Would it -- I guess a simple way to think about it is, we should look at what we think your cash taxes would have been as we go forward, so we do our own forecasts and then until you actually get up to $141 million, you just basically don’t pay cash because you can apply the credit. Is that the way to think about it? And I guess there’s a second part to that. Will you have to actually pay cash to the government for black liquor and then wait to get it back two to one in terms of the cellulosic credit?
Rick West: I’ll take the second question first. No, because we did not apply for any payments from the government. Instead, we have only been taking credits against our federal cash taxes owed. We do not owe anything back to the government. It’s just been going against our federal cash tax payments. Therefore, we’re different than most in that we treated it from the first day as an income tax credit rather than an excise payment. On the first question, you’re correct in the way we would -- you would look at it. Essentially, our federal cash tax rates are same as the effective federal tax rate. The only taxes we will be paying in the future until we fully utilize the tax credit would be our state income taxes.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. But just to be clear, I know, Rick, if there is a timing difference that you would otherwise have, so your -- usually, your cash tax rate is a little bit less than your statutory rate. Would your credit again go against the actual statutory rate or against the cash tax rate?
Rick West: Against the cash tax rate.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, George.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Hi, guys. Good morning. Congratulations again on the new responsibilities. I just wanted to, to the extent it’s possible, discuss your views on the energy projects and how they’re evolving. Obviously, the benefit from these aren’t going to be received for another year or two but how is the project going? And what do you think about the returns that you’ve got it to thus far, given the way the process is going?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. Let me -- the Valdosta annual outage was the first big step on the piece of the energy at the Valdosta mill. We completed the paper machine reconfiguration and achieved more than the expected results on energy conservation, steam reduction, efficiencies on the paper machines. So, besides the machine coming up and running exceptionally well, we’ve over-achieved our expectations on energy reduction on the machine. The rest of the project in Valdosta is proceeding on schedule with the boiler, building erection taking place and all the associated infrastructure around the new boiler and turbine being built. Counce is on schedule. The first big piece of the project at Counce will be in October when we start up the new turbine generator. Again, that is on schedule. And the boiler rebuilds are tracking on schedule for beginning next June. So right now, everything’s looking good. Again, as far as the capital commitments, we’re where we expected to be with the majority of the commitments taken care of and again, we’re in good shape from where we expected to be.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. The next question I had for Mark and Paul, do you sense that there’ll be, looking out the next three to five years, any adjustments to the strategy that the company’s had, which has worked very well for the company over the last 15 years or so or do you think it will be pretty much that which you’d been employing, which is low cost at the mills and margin up on the box side?
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think if you look at our model over the years and you’ve heard Paul talk to this point, we don’t have any particular programs. We just go out every day and we tackle all the difficult tasks, all the hard-to-do things, whether it’s in the box plants or the mills. And one of our strengths, obviously, is we’ve got a tremendous organization and that being said, I don’t see a change in that strategy. Our success has been based on our ability to go and execute and continue to focus on opportunities and realize these opportunities. So, to answer your question, no, I don’t see a change in that direction, that truly is a key to our success and we continue to build on that.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. And that’s not to mean, we don’t have a few new tricks up our sleeve. But we have a model that works. It’s very -- as Mark said, people-dependent. We’re not into big restructurings and things of that nature because our model has been fairly successful. But there will be enhancements made but in the end, it comes down to doing 100 things better and better each and every day. And that part, as Mark said, won’t change.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Paul, last question for anybody who can take it, I realize you might not necessarily be in a position to talk about whether you are actually in the market right now repurchasing your stock. But would there be any technical reasons why you couldn’t be in the market right now repurchasing? Thanks very much. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: There are no technical reasons why we could not.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Rick.
Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions really about the market. Specifically, given the levels of profitability that you did in the second quarter in your -- the third quarter guidance and the implied returns. How do you feel about any competitive risk from additional capacity coming to the market, either through conversions or through restarts that might ultimately be competitive risks to the business?
Paul Stecko: Well, you always are worried about anything that goes on in the marketplace. And you know, new capacity coming in has always been with us, always will be with us, as is closures. But on the margin, I don’t think they’re big numbers in terms of a lot of capacity coming in or a lot of capacity going out. I think we look for this market to be fairly stable. And going forward, what’s going to, I think, help it or hurt it the most will be on the demand side as opposed to the supply side. And so we don’t see anything out there that would, on a supply side, either help a lot or hurt a lot for -- at least in the short-term.
Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just to follow-up on that, just two follow-up questions. I think in the prepared comments you mentioned that June growth slowed versus April and May. Was that just on a year-over-year basis or was that sequentially you’ve seen some things slowing? And then your comments about July, is that a normal July -- sequential change that you’ve seen in July versus June?
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. That was a year-over-year basis.
Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Mark Kowlzan: Another good thing about June, we had 22 shipping days. So it was a big month. I mean, up from -- what were we up, three…
Rick West: Well, in fact, June total shipments were greater than April and May.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. So we were up a bunch on a short -- on a long month in terms of 22 work days, so total volume was also quite good. We didn’t mention that but I’m glad you brought that question up.
Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just -- maybe just one last question, either for Mark or Paul. You talked about inventories in your -- at PCA being at really low levels for an extended period of time. Is this kind of the new normal level for inventories? Would you expect that you’d have to -- that you’ll be building some or is this kind of the new levels of inventories, either for PCA or for the industry as you see it?
Paul Stecko: No. For PCA, again, because of the extended outage in Valdosta coupled with the strong cut-up in our own box plants, we had a tough second quarter to take care of business. And fortunately, we had all three of our mills out of the four were down during the second quarter. So now we’ve got to take an opportunity to rebuild some inventories and get back to typical standard inventories, which -- that’s the goal for the rest of the year.
Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. The other comment I’d make is that this is not normal. We are incurring additional freight expense, which will not be necessary. It’s not a good way to run the business. It’s a lot more cost-effective to have the right amount of inventory at the right places as opposed to making emergency shipments just to keep up. So, freight’s become a bigger and bigger piece of this business. And we’ve got to work hard to get our freight costs down and having the right inventory level is paramount to that.
Rick Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Morning. I wondered, just in terms of capacity. Mark, it looks like if you back out the downtime, effectively, you guys have annual capacity of about 2.5 million tons now. Is that correct?
Mark Kowlzan: No. Again, if you think about it, we came out of the shutdowns in the springtime, which is typically -- the mills were in tip-top shape. Everything was ready to run and we executed extremely well and took advantage of that and we certainly needed the tons. So if you think about a normal run rate up in the high 90s as far as in a high run rate, we have the ability to run more than 100% -- 103%, 104% coming out of annuals for a period of time when all of the equipment is in great shape and everything is new, relatively speaking. So we took advantage of that over the last two months now.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. We ran at 104% in June, Mark.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So what would be a good annual number?
Paul Stecko: [4%] at forever, as equipment does degrade over time, your operating rates do come down. But as Mark said, when you come out of a shutdown, if you’ve done a great job, you can hum for three or four months.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. What’s a good annual number now, do you suppose?
Rick West: Well, our reported number is $2.43 million, I think and that’s a good number.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And will you pick up anything incrementally when the power projects are all done?
Mark Kowlzan: We have the ability to -- and I think Paul has stated that before, regarding Counce and Valdosta, with the projects that have been just completed on the Valdosta machine, with the energy-related capabilities in pressing and drying, heavyweights mainly, we can produce, if we choose to, shipped grade mixed from Counce to Valdosta and take advantage of fiber costs. We could produce more heavyweights on Valdosta if we chose to and take tons out of Counce, whether that’s a seasonal opportunity in the winter when energy costs are higher at Counce or fiber costs are higher. So that capability does exist.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Just to refresh your memory, Mark, maybe two calls ago, I pointed out that one of the things we would like to do is get a power boiler off at Counce during the winter. Because you’ve got to heat up all of that lake water, which is about 35 degrees colder in the winter and that consumes a lot of energy. With the Valdosta project, we now have the flexibility to do that. So our current plans would be, in the winter, try to get -- try to shift maybe 150 tons a day to production at Valdosta vis-à-vis heavyweights and take the steam load down at Counce to get that boiler off and that contributes more to our energy savings.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then the last question I had for Tom, maybe. Can you just give us a sense of what you’re trying to do in terms of pricing on finished boxes? Are you really just trying to get through the containerboard hike or are you also trying to pick up any -- recover any incremental costs that you may be faced with in your box business because it seems like things like transportation costs and other things have probably gone up significantly in the box business over the last four or five years?
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Mark, I’m not going to comment on anything regarding price. So you know I can’t…
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: But just strategically.
Tom Hassfurther: …I can’t really talk about that. But I will say that, obviously, on the cost side, we’re very focused on taking advantage of every opportunity we have there and we’re very focused on that. And yeah, there are some opportunities going forward with efficiencies now, that as we grow our inventories a little bit and get them back to where they need to be, there will be some opportunities there as well. You know, what we focus on, Mark, primarily is, is we just make sure that we try to add as much value as we possibly can for our customers. And as long as we do that and we stayed focused on that and the hard-to-do and all the other things we’ve talked about, it’s the most successful strategy for us.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. And Mark, and I think this is something you know and again, I can talk about the past on price. Historically, in this business, the price has been a function of supply and demand. And the cost to produce, it has not played as an important role as the market dynamics, which sets the price and those dynamics are basically price/demand -- excuse me, supply/demand and inventory. And you wish you could just simply pass higher costs through but that’s not been the case historically in this industry. The supply/demand has been the big driver. And again, I’m talking about the past. I’m making no projections about the future.
Tom Hassfurther: Understood. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Credit Agricole.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole: Thanks. Paul and Mark, just a couple of quick things. First, on the transportation issue, not to beat a dead horse, but Paul, are you concerned about the transportation costs, particularly in Q3? I mean, have you factored in rising transportation costs, given your inventory situation or are inventories back where you’re comfortable and you don’t expect further increase in costs there?
Paul Stecko: Mark, the transportation issue arose out of the second quarter shutdowns primarily at Valdosta. Because of the 15-day outage, everything depended on Counce coming out of its first quarter annual shutdown at the end of March literally in starting up and running. And then the box plant system, our customers had to depend on Counce running extremely well. And so the transportation penalty that we faced in that second quarter was the effect that, again, we’re paying, in some cases, premium truck costs to move that paper in and out of Counce and to our customer base, to supply what would be normally freight. The cost in the third quarter is not an issue. Also, we have in place a small capital project to add truck docks to minimize the congestion at Counce with trucking. But in the last few weeks, we’ve also brought the rail truck balance back into balance, as far as what goes out of the mill by truck and rail. So for third quarter and the remainder of the year, we don’t expect freight to be an issue.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole: So you’re generally comfortable, then with your inventory levels, even if they’re on the low side?
Mark Kowlzan: No. No, that’s -- again, that will continue to be an opportunity for us to work on and also, not just for the remainder of this year, but we are going to be looking at again starting next summer, when we take the recovery boilers down at Counce for their rebuild. Each boiler is slated to be down approximately 60 days. So we’ve already planned on how we’re going to accommodate our system. But again, this is going to take, through 2011, a lot of strategic planning on how we take care of our customer base. So inventories will remain under pressure until the end of these projects.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Said another way, although -- especially with the truck dock addition at Counce, we think we’re doing as good a job as can be done on truck freight. For long distance -- longer distance shipping, truck is still more expensive than rail. So we’ve got to get our inventory to a position where our box plants can wait 10 days for paper vis-à-vis rail instead of requiring we get it there in a day and a half vis-a -- higher-priced trucking. So we’ve got to get more rail and less trucking. We can only do that if we get out of the panic mode on getting paper to our box plants.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole: Okay. It sounds like you’re counting on a pretty high level of execution.
Tom Hassfurther: That’s what it’s all about.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole: And one last question, Mark. You talked about the mix in the quarter and the pickup in display. Do you see that continuing in Q3, the favorable mix?
Mark Kowlzan: I’ll let Tom address that.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. We should have, I mean, again, the third quarter is always a very strong quarter for us both in brown side and in display side of the business. So, yeah, we would continue to see that trend going forward.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole: Outstanding. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Claudia Shank Hueston from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Claudia.
Claudia Shank Hueston – JPMorgan: Hi. Thanks very much. Good morning. Just going back to the question on cash, you’ve talked before about wanting to get your integration level up a little bit through box plant acquisitions. Where would you prioritize that just in terms of allocation of capital and then what are you seeing in terms of assets available and valuation?
Paul Stecko: Yeah. This is Paul. We’ve already allocated that we may I think I told you on the call, last call, that we had planned to spend $35 million this year and next on our box plants in areas where we were either out of capacity or we expected to be out of capacity, or we had opportunities to provide more value-added products and the returns on these projects were quite good. So, that’s already in our capital planning process.
Claudia Shank Hueston – JPMorgan: Okay. And are you still looking for acquisitions on the box plant side?
Paul Stecko: Yeah.
Claudia Shank Hueston – JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Thanks. Hi, guys. A quick follow-on to the extent that you can cover it because it’s more of an industry question. What we saw in the June industry data was actually if you run through the calculation, inventory that in theory could be in transit actually shrank and so that was different than what we had seen in May. It sounds like maybe you’re in a different position but that’s what we saw from the industry data? Do you think that that bodes well or maybe adds risk to inventories remaining too low in the inventory in future months as all a sudden, you’ve, other producers have to fill the in transit portion of the pipeline? Thanks again. Good luck on the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. I’ll give you a great answer, George, who knows?
George Staphos – Bank of America: You know, I think, thank you for that.
Mark Kowlzan: In transit is hard to predict and it evens itself out over a long period of time. I think what you said is correct about June and I think you’d probably have to look at May, June as a two-month average because you had two big holidays in there. You had, in terms of in transit you had Memorial Day and now you’ve got the 4th of July. That thing will level out and we got pretty good sailing through Labor Day and then you can usually get a book a lot at Labor Day. But over a long-term and I know three months is a long time for a lot of people, that thing evens out every quarter and I don’t think it really distorts the numbers very much.
George Staphos – Bank of America: All right. Paul, maybe two last quick ones. One, any measurable changes in any of your end markets that we should be aware of either things strengthening or weakening, I realize, obviously, you cover a number of end markets, but any color there would be helpful? And then, secondly, I know, we’ve covered transportation quite a bit. If you needed to ship things -- ship paper by truck at this juncture, are you having difficulty getting trucks or is that now also stabilized? Thanks again. Good luck on the quarter.
Paul Stecko: On the first question, no, we don’t see a change in the mix, everything is normal as far as mix and also markets nationwide. On the truck transportation, we did see some difficulty during the early part of the second quarter when business in general picked up throughout North America and then, again, we put an unusual pressure on that trucking requirement at the Counce location only. So going forward we don’t see that continuing.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from [Michael Bolosi] with Voyant Advisors.
Michael Bolosi – Voyant Advisors: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I wondered if you guys had the operating cash flow number from the quarter?
Mark Kowlzan: No. We’ll release that with our 10-Q.
Michael Bolosi – Voyant Advisors: Okay. Inventory and receivables then as well?
Mark Kowlzan: Correct.
Michael Bolosi – Voyant Advisors: Okay. Thanks very much. All my other questions have been answered.
Mark Kowlzan: Great.
Michael Bolosi – Voyant Advisors: Bye. Thanks.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Good morning. It says in the press release something about asset disposals related to the Counce and Valdosta mills, was that amount of money that is meaningful?
Rick West: No. As we’ve said in earlier quarters, Andy, there’s some equipment that will be retired when the project starts up. And we’ve been taking that over the remaining timeframe until the assets are retired. And it’s about $0.01 a quarter and it’s going to continue to be $0.01 a quarter, so there’s going to be no change there.
Andy Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Okay. Thanks for that. Listen, I just wanted to say, as your third largest shareholder that I welcome Mark Kowlzan to his new position and I’m very excited about the dream team management we’ve got of him and Paul, and you, Rick, all working together. And so I, Mark has big shoes to fill but I’m confident that he will be successful?
Rick West: Yeah. I’m only a [9.5 B], so they’re not that big. The thing I’d mentioned to you, Andy, is we do have a solid team here, including Tom Hassfurther, who runs -- who replaced Bill Sweeney and he has filled those size 13’s amicably and he’s off to a great start. So, we’ve got a good team here and I’m glad you appreciate that.
Andy Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Thanks for the comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: Great. Thank you. Paul, I wanted to get your view on new capacity that’s coming in via machine conversions and in terms of like the nature of the product, and is there any reason, likely whatever, why it may be somewhat a lesser competitive threat either directly to you or indirectly through the industry to you?
Paul Stecko: Well, I can handle it or Mark, let me start. A lot of, there’s not that many conversions. One machine did convert and went bankrupt and I think it started up again but I’m not sure of that. Some machines are designed to make linerboard, some are designed to make medium. They usually run a lot better than a machine that’s designed to run newsprint. Not that you can’t run those grades but unless you put the right amount of capital in, you’re going to have a hard time competing and I’m not saying you can’t, but you can’t do it without the right amount of capital. And in the end, you need more than just the machine, you need the pulp supply, you need the infrastructure, et cetera. And it’s not the easiest thing in the world to do. Again, it can be done but it is a high -- higher degree of difficulty task than running paper on the kind of machines we have. They’re designed not only for specific grades but specific basis weights over a wide range. So, at Counce, for example, we can run anywhere from what, 35 to 90-pound…
Mark Kowlzan: 90-pound. In Valdosta…
Paul Stecko: … and make a good quality product with outstanding physical properties. So we suspect that some conversions will occur. There don’t appear to be a lot on the horizon and we welcome the opportunity to compete against those machines.
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: Do these conversions end up with lightweight liner or could they have a broader range than that?
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, minimizing capital, you end up with a lightweight liner machine. If you’re going to try to compete with the existing linerboard industry grade mix, you’re possibly looking at $75 million, $100 million capital expenditure to convert an existing newsprint machine, when you take into effect changes that have to be done in the pulp mill, stock prep, wet end forming and pressing into the dryer. So this is a very, very high capital requirement to compete in the broad…
Paul Stecko: It’s a hard question to answer, Joshua. It’s, like remodeling a house, how much do you want to spend on it? So it’s a wide variety depending on what your objectives are and what you’re trying to accomplish and what kind of return you’re willing to take or not take. So there’s no simple formula, no simple answer, it depends, is probably the best answer we can give you.
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: Well, that’s actually very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Mark Kowlzan: With no more questions.
Operator: No further questions, sir.
Mark Kowlzan: If no more questions, I’d like to thank everybody and see you next call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon the conclusion of the narrative there will be a Q-and-A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Paul Stecko: Thank you and good morning and thanks for joining the PCA’s first quarter earnings release call. On the call with me today as usual as Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Box business; Mark Kowlzan, who runs our paper mills; and Rick West, our CFO and they will assist me on the call and again, thanks for participating and when I finish the prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Yesterday we reported first quarter earnings of $19 million or $0.19 a share. The reported results including $9 million and $0.9 per share addition to income from alternative fuel mixture tax credits, which were generated in 2009 and then after tax charge $2.5 million or $0.02 of share from asset disposable for related to work counts and Valdosta major energy projects as well as the announce closure of the Ackerman, Mississippi saw mill. The increase in earnings from alternative fuel packs credits was the result of removing a reserve that has been established to cover potential ambiguity that was subsequent result concerning the methodology of calculating the fuel credits. Our net sales for the first quarter were $551 million compared to $512 million in the first quarter of 2009. Excluding the additional income from alternative fuel mixture credits and the asset disposals, net income was $12 million or $0.12 of share versus first quarter of 2009 earnings of $26 million or $0.25 of share. The decrease and earnings per share compare to last year was driven by lower containerboard and corrugated products pricing mix of $0.26 of share. Higher recycle fiber costs of $0.06 of share and higher pulpwood cost of $0.03 of share. These items were partially offset by higher volume of $0.16 of share lower energy costs of $0.04 of share and lower chemical costs of $0.02 of share. Looking at some of the details of operations both our containerboard and corrugated products demand continue to strengthen at a faster phase then we had expected and was up significantly over last year. Our corrugated products shipments for work day were up 12.4% over the last year’s first quarter and with one more work day this were up 14.2% in total. Shipments were consistently strong throughout the quarter, up 10% in January and 15% in February both on per day and total of shipment basis and in March shipments were up 12.5% for work day and with one more work day this year were up 17.5% in total. Remember however that last year’s first quarter was very weak and these numbers were very good did benefit from a fairly easy comparison. Our asset sales of containerboard were also very strong up 40,000 tones or 48% over last year’s first quarter. Asset sales could have been even stronger then we have to limit some sales in this market due to our low containerboard inventory level and depending annual maintenance outages in the second quarter. Our mills produced 569,000 tones of containerboard operating at 94% of capacity, that’s up 54,000 tones from last year’s first quarter. We had about 35,000 tones of mill downtime during the first quarter which included 7,000 tones from wood fiber shortages that our Counce mills. 20,000 tones for more Counce annual maintenance outage and 8,000 tones at our Valdosta mill from downtime related to energy project tie in work. The earnings impact from the downtime including higher operating cost was about $0.07 per share during the first quarter. Overall our mills ran exception new well considering the maintenance and energy project related outages and the extreme fiber shortages. Our containerboard inventory at the end of the first quarter was about 12,000 tones below 2009, year end levels. This is a pretty low level considering that we have annual maintenance outages scheduled at three of our four mills in the second quarter and as reported by the FBA last Friday industry inventories also remained at historic loss was March ending inventories that only 2.083 million tones or 3.8 weeks of supply. This is a lowest March ending inventory in terms of tones since 1981 and is the lowest ever in terms of weeks’ supply dating back at 1974, which is the last for which we have records. Moving on to pricing containerboard and box prices were down compared to last year’s first quarter as a result of price decreases that occurred through out 2009. These price decreases along with some mix differences reduced earnings by about $0.26 a share compared to last year’s first quarter. Published industry containerboard prices increased $50 per tone in January and our corresponding first quarter box price increase went as planned and was essentially completed by April 1. From an average price stand point we realize about one fourth of the earnings benefit of the box price increase in the first quarter, and we realized the full benefits of this price increase in the second quarter. Moving on to cost, higher recycle fiber prices and weather related higher wood fiber cost reduced our earnings compared to both last years first and fourth quarters. Working first at recycle fiber, industry published prices for old corrugated containers, excluding delivery cost increased almost to $100 per ton in the first quarter of 2010 compared to first quarter of last year, and were up about $55 per ton compared to the fourth quarter. Even with our relatively low use of OCC, which is only about 17% of our net fiber purchases, this increase in OCC prices reduced our earnings by $0.06 per share compared to last year’s first quarter and by $0.04 of share compared to the fourth quarter. Domestic published OCC prices picked in March, at a $160 of ton before delivery cost, or about a 185 per ton delivered, which was a highest price since May 1995. OCC prices have dropped in April by about $30 of ton in now at the average price for the first quarter. Our wood costs were also up about $0.03 per share compare to last year’s first quarter, and up about $0.02 compared to last year’s fourth quarter, driven by extremely wet weather conditions in the South. This cost increases probably that you might expect, but remember only our Counce mills was effected to a large expense by the extreme weather and we are able to control wood cost somewhat by shipping some chips up from Valdosta. The wood inventory situation at Counce since last October has been very variable and volatile depending on weather patterns. After building our wood inventory back to reasonable levels by mid January frequent and significant rainfall along with colder weather cost our wood inventories to drop drastically. We have to bring in chips from Valdosta and other wood both chips and pulpwood from longer distances with higher freight to surprise the Counce mill. The traditional wood fiber help keep in the running but in the end we still have to take some fiber sort is downtime as I mentioned earlier .The wood cost delivered other three mills have remain fairly stable. Very good weather in March and continuing into April has enabled us to rebuild our wood inventories at Counce, and we are no longer shipping any chips in from Valdosta. If these more normal weather patterns continue we expect to see wood fiber cost that our cost mill continue to trend down during the second and third quarters. Energy and chemical cost were also lower than last year’s fourth quarter, our first quarter improving earnings by about $0.04 a share, and $0.02 a share respectively. As the economy improves these cost may begin to increase a little while our exposure is limited, because we used very little natural gas and fuel oils in our mills. Medical and worker compensation cost taking together we’re also down about a $0.001 per share compared to last year’s first quarter, which was a pleasant surprise. Turning to cash, capital expenditures were $63 million during the quarter, which included $40 million for our Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects. The end of the quarter was $198 million cash on hand, down $63 million from the end of the year, driven by energy project capital expenditures and several beginning of the year payments totaled almost $40 million. We did not utilize any alternative fuel mixture tax credits during the first quarter to offset federal cash tax payments as no tax payments were due until April 15. We currently have alternative fuel mixture credits available for the due to about a $137 million, which really utilized in far or in total in 2010. Our total available liquidity at the end of the quarter was about $507 million, including cash on hand, fuel mixed credits and a $172 million borrowings available under our credit facilities. Our long term debt at quarter end excluding capital leases was $658 million. On April 14, we extended our credit agreement for our receivable securitization program to March 1, 2011 at a slightly lower rate. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect significantly higher earnings from the full realization of the first quarter container board and core gained products price increases. Earnings are also expected to improve further as result of our April 1 containerboard price increase and our announced made box price increases, but most of the earnings benefit from these price increases will not be realized until the third quarter, when the pass through the box just completed. Lower energy cost with warmer weather, lower wood cost from better weather and then an expected higher box shipments that also improve earnings. Our outside sales of containerboard are expected to be lower due to our lower containerboard inventory levels. Planned outages in the second quarter will reduce our production by about 35,000 tons and increase operating cost. Our Filer City medium mill was done for five days, in April for its annual maintenance outages and our Tomahawk mill was scheduled to be down for five days in May for their maintenance outages. Our Valdosta mill went down yesterday for its annual outage plus energy optimization project work, and is planned to restart on May 3, and that will be a 15 day, which is a fairly long outage. In total these outages will reduce second quarter earnings by about $0.08 a share. Considering all of these items we estimate our second quarter earnings to be about $0.30 share. Our biggest challenge in the second quarter will be completing our mill maintenance outages on schedule and starting up and running well in order to meet our container board demand. After the second quarter, however we should be in much better shape capacity wise with all of our annual maintenance outages and energy project outages completed for 2010. With we’d be happy to entertain your questions at first as always I have to remind you that some of the statements we made are forward-looking, these statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections and do involve inherent risk and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K, as the results could differ materially from these expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, I would ask the operator to please open up the line and we’ll be happy to entertain your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon: First question is could you give us as you often do the update for how your orders and shipments looks so for in the month of April?
Paul Stecko: Yes, I can. April is started out to be very strong and compared to last year, we only have nine days what’s the data, and it’s 21 work days. So we’re not halfway there, but after nine days basically, our billings are up 10% over the last year and I think what significant here, as I mentioned on the call, we had some very good numbers in the first quarter, but they were fairly easy comparables. We got a tougher comparable in April. We were only down half has much in April last years, we were in the first quarter. So we’re up 10% on the tougher comparable. So very strong and in total volume through the first nine days in April, we’re up 10% over March on an absolute basis, March of this year. So I would say unusually strong first 10 days, first nine days in April.
Chip Dillon: So, again just unclear on this, it’s also of 10%, the first nine days in April versus the first nine days of March above this year?
Paul Stecko: It’s up. It’s the first, yes.
Chip Dillon: You are talking about the inventories and they look like they are actually lower than they were in the 93, 94, 95 run up that we saw and I remember here in a term allocation, I mean you’re looking at the exports down several months. Are you having actually a hard time shipping, more people are trying to order, are you behind?
Paul Stecko: No, we’re not behind. We’re happy to say although a lot of reports of a lot people being behind. We’re fairly on schedule. We did makes them allocation decisions earlier in the quarter anticipating that this could happen and trying to build some safety soft for the big Valdosta outage and so the good news is that we allocate, we pull tons out of some markets primarily export, so we wouldn’t get behind. The bad news is, we probably didn’t pull enough because we really haven’t built enough safety stock for the Valdosta outage. So we’ve got a lot of pressure on our sales to make sure that outage is completed on time and a mills starts up well about outage and we will have to continue to allocate tons in the export market and that’s where we’re taken up the slake. So we made a decision early to allocate early, so we would not get behind on our domestic shipments. We done a pretty good job in that regard and Chip, what I’m doing, I’m limit in everybody to two calls and we’ll pick you up on in next round.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos - Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, Paul, two questions on costs. You know, as we look at the guidance that you’ve given for the second quarter would be possible to gives a ballpark of what award in energies benefit would be sequentially relative to the first quarter and then the second question, as you think about your overall cost position would be fair to characterize two key were still has been the maintenance outages now, if you can do that, more elevated than kind of a normal second quarter, but down versus 1Q.
Rick West: Well, on the cost to energy usually were the couple of cents, second quarter over first. It was the last part of the call. We think its we’re going to pickup some money here, but because we think wood cost will continue to threaten down, but that’s a lot of harder to get in and not going to given number in that regard, but we do have our wood cost going down. I think our second quarter earnings, this I can’t be typical because we’ve got a price increase mix into it. So, they’re obviously going to be higher and we just say compare to a typical quarter, it’s hard to answer that because there’s a typical second quarter through a price increase that doesn’t include a price increase. So, that’s kind of a tough, there’s no typical here and unless you normalize to price increases.
George Staphos: I guess would you grew the point that you would probably be earning even more than what you’re guiding to, if not for the elevated for raw material input cost position right now?
Paul Stecko: Well, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you, Paul. If I understand correctly, so if you gotten $0.08 maintenance hit in the second quarter and that goes away for the third and fourth quarter, is that correct for so?
Paul Stecko: That’s correct.
Mark Weintraub: So my base going into the third quarter is of sensibly $0.38, if your guidance proves out and then beyond that?
Paul Stecko: That’s correct.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, and then beyond that any benefit we got from the April price increase that continues to flow through, which presumably can be quite substantial and so now meet to the question, which is in all likely that going to be generating a lot of earnings in cash. Your balance sheet is in very good shape and you essentially put the cash aside already for the energy project. Can you give us any update on what the potential uses of that cash might be and what maybe yet to happen, so you’re ready to make a commitment in that regard?
Paul Stecko: So, potential use is, Mark really hadn’t change and you look at the dividend, you look at share buyback and you look at the box plan acquisition, which we would like to do it to get our integration level up from the 80% to the 90% level and obviously acquisitions are hard to predict either, even flow with those so, could satisfy that really get you down to two things share buyback and dividends and once a couple of things are sowed out and they are starting to get sowed it out and as exactly when and if the cash flow improves how much we can have were obviously, as each quarter goes and each price increase goes still, we get a little better handle on that. The economy is still I think I’d like to feel a little more comfortable, but although signs are or, I’m feeling better, today than I did three months ago; and then the fourth one is, how is the tax situation going to play out and I think more and more dates becoming available on that show, but the only thing I can tell you is, we’re getting closer, but we’re not there yet.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, and is there a stronger buy us to dividends or shares repurchase at this point is that still something that rocks?
Paul Stecko: We’re not there yet. So that’s about all I can say on that, but we’re close.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Just a quick question on your volume up significantly year-over-year versus what the industries trending out and historically you’ve done a bit better than the industry. How do you feel about on your ability to continue to grow faster than the industry on your box volumes and what’s going to be the key driver of that?
Paul Stecko: Well a couple of things and that I should point out just in the sake of completeness, last first quarter we underperformed the industry and then we outperform the industry the last three quarters. So former reasons are number to so good in the first quarters, we did at under perform the industry and the trend has been for the last three quarters to out perform the industry and so I can only know, what we’re doing in and I can’t predict how the industry is going to do, but the trend says the last three quarters we’ve outperformed the industry and that I see no reason why that we shouldn’t be able to outperform the industry; and that’s about all that I can say, because long term, we’ve done that and I think it’s the nature of, we do concentrate on where we call we’re hard to do things and there would been through some tough times and there we got even harder things to do. So, a hopefully this trend will continue, but that’s hard to predict.
Richard Skidmore: Paul, is there any specific end markets that you’re seeing specific recovery in?
Paul Stecko: What makes me feel good about the numbers is, this is across the Board, this looks like all of our customers. I use that word not everyone, but the vast majority of our customers are reporting that their business is improving, things are getting better, the economy is getting better, and that’s manifested itself and better box demand not only for us, but for the industry. So that’s I think the really good news. This is broad based, now it’s not the housing market, it’s not food, it’s everything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde, Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde: Just curious, it seems like we’re continuing to pickup momentum here in terms of just volumes. I wondered in your experience, where are you seeing the real pickups within your portfolio?
Paul Stecko: I can’t cover that Mark on the last question, you probably on the line didn’t’ hear. It’s across the board, there’s no one particular area. General feeling is the economies pickup and everybody is starting to have the benefit from it and we’re seeing that on a very broad base. There’s nothing that jumps out has being very strong or very weak. Things are picking up all over and that’s translating into two better businesses. I think the other thing that indicates that the economy is getting better in other one of the concerns that I had was that in our March volume was very strong albeit to compared against the weak comparison, but the April numbers that there’s ever going to be a free buys and there’s any suspect that the strong March was caused by a free buy and because of the April 1 price increase, the April numbers are even stronger than March. So that would indicate that it was very little buying to beat that price increase. So I just think it’s the economy is the matter of fact that one of the other problems we’re having is that truck and rail ability and should they provide truck, trucks are harder to find and to me that’s an indicator that the economy is start in a bus, a little harder and again a trucks are well all over the country.
Mark Wilde: Then related to actually the trucking as a follow-up here, until a last few days oil prices have been trending up and can you just remind us of the different ways, and which rising oil prices might flow through to your business as we move through the year?
Paul Stecko: The rise in oil prices do bother me, they don’t bother me very much about driving up our cost of making paper, although they do affect transportation cost. Our biggest concern was rising oil is that, if that translates into higher gasoline prices that takes disposable income out of the economy and people spend money on gasoline which we don’t pack in corrugated containers and that money does not buy things that are packed in boxes. So, if oil prices really cause the spike in gasoline prices, that translates into lower box demand in my opinion and that’s a much bigger cause for concern. The other thing that happens with higher oil prices obviously chemical prices go up too, but again my bigger concern as things that hurt corrugated products demand first and then I worry about what it does to our cost, because we have a pretty good cost structure in mill. We virtually don’t use any oil anymore except a little on our line counts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan.
Claudia Shank Hueston: Just a question on what your assumptions are for recycled fibers as we had into the second quarter reducing prices far more?
Paul Stecko: Rick flip the coin yesterday, it came up tail. So that’s the basis of this prediction. We think they may come down a little bit, but the truth as a matter is, we don’t really know if we had to take gas probably down 15 in May, maybe down another 10 in June, and then probably start to pick up as the Chinese by more, but I think if you ask five people that question, you might get five different answers. So it’s a tough thing to predict, I don’t want to sign like I know more than we do, but that’s what we think.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly - CLSA.
Mark Connelly: Do I have my notes correct that this year’s outages in Q2 including the big Valdosta outage are still substantially less than last year and does that create an opportunity for you to rebuild some of those inventories that you’ve been struggling to?
Paul Stecko: Yes, it does, because last year Mark, we had a lot of market related downtime. As there is more maintenance downtime this year, because we got an extra shutdown. By an extra shutdown, we’ve had to take Valdosta down twice. We took it down once in a first quarter to make some energy project tie-ins that was a short shutdown like six days, five or six days, and then we have a longer shutdown, right now that do also annual maintenance and some tie-ins, but last year’s second quarter about 60,000 tons of downtime well are going to take 35 this year, but what you said is correct, when we have this quarter completed basically by you’ll say mid May, will be done with all our outages and we have the ability then to try to replenish inventory, but that are the dig difference between last year and this year is demand is a lot stronger this year. It was harder to build inventory, but…
Mark Connelly: How interests are you to build?
Paul Stecko: No downtime in the second quarter. We think that we’ll be able to get our inventories back in good shape and that’s essential because in the first quarter of next year we’ve going to have to do some downtime headcounts on the energy optimization program, because we’re rebuilding, we’re not replacing the recovery boilers there and that will take some of our capacity out. So we’re not going to be dancing for joy for about another year until we’re out of this transition with the energy projects and we’re going to have to run well to keep up with demand.
Mark Connelly: One quick question, your fiber mix has all of this OCC and virgin stuff meaningfully changed to your mix and where we get back to normal in Q2 if it has?
Paul Stecko: Yes and no, in short periods of time when we couldn’t get any wood, we couldn’t get enough wood headcounts and we maximized OCC to keep running and that caused us money that’s why our OCC cost were up $0.06 in the second quarter, but now we’re back down to our normal running rate. We’ve got plenty of wood, so other than that upset condition, we’ve remained fairly stable. We did get hurt. Even though it’s amazing, even though we only use 17% normally recycle fiber. We did use a lot more in a first quarter and that drew our cost up $0.06 of share, which is a big number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse
Chip Dillon: You mentioned earlier, I think that the energy project and the challenges over the next year, given that this is a unique setup projects you’re doing at Counce and Valdosta. Is there any changes either, and therefore there maybe, changes as you go long, are we still expecting the project to come in all in about $300 million and this is still expected at the end of 2011, or is there any tweaking to that timeframe or to the cost?
Paul Stecko: The answer to the question is nothing has changed. We expect it to come in at around 300, Mark Kowlzan (and I) here, we say that, but probably as touch below 300, where we are a little bit ahead, but we’re saving our contingency (inaudible) overturn of problem, but 300 or maybe a touch less and we’re on schedule, we feel very good about the schedule.
Chip Dillon: The return potential, is that we should expect to gain should be 20% to 25% after taxes on that full 300 is that right?
Paul Stecko: That’s correct. There has been no change in that regards. The only thing that I will say is that, we on this annual outage at accounts put in a new economizer on our big boiler and that economizer was designed by the same people that are rebuilding are two smaller boilers we’re very happy with a results of that we got a nice energy, we got a nice efficiency improvement more than we expected and that makes me feel pretty good about the improvements that we projected on rebuilding those two boilers, because based on what we seeing on this economizer upgrade; and we maybe be a touch conservative in our estimates, I don’t know that yes, but it’s a good piece of data to have in our back pocket.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret: Paul my question is, could you tell us the difference you’re seeing in you box customer sentiment, what you’re hearing between the January box price initiative and the April, May initiative? Also how the drop in OCC cost is factoring into this argument? How important that is?
Paul Stecko: As I stated earlier, we basically completed the first box price increase on April 1, and April 1 is a magic day, because some of our customers or on quarterly pricing, which means that they enjoy the benefit of waiting a little whiled on prices go up on a laid down they pay earlier depending when you make the price increase announcement. So it went as planned, we got it done in normal amount of time I would consider a normal price increase. We’ve announced box price increases for May. We’re just beginning to talk to customers about that and so we’re optimistic with the supply demand situation in order bookings etc. that this price increase will go also in these scheduler timeframe we have in mind and I never get in into any specific comments from customers, we keep them between us and the customers. So that’s about all I can say from that subject.
Joshua Zaret: Let me just empower up, theoretically with the drop in OCC costs make it a little more difficult, is that your experience or is it really operating rates at the primary mill level really drive this figure?
Paul Stecko: I would say that this small drop in OCC really talking $30 and we use 17% OCC in our mix, so it doesn’t affect us very much. In big scheme of things what has always drive driven prices increase in this industry are one container board inventories and there at on which is supply basis all time lows and then demand, and demand is improving, and basically expectations, and the expectations all I think pretty good for the industry, pretty good for the economy, things are picking up, and I think those are an order magnitude more important than $30 ton drop in OCC prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos - Bank of America.
George Staphos: Paul, two questions, shorter term and then longer term, as we think about inventories and we’re at right now, I mean traditionally you tend to see seasonal drop in inventory this time a year, but it also sounds to some degree at least from listening to that you anyway or maybe industry inventory levels are at practical lows, would you expect much if any further inventory drop from these levels either for you or for the industry? Another question on strategy, I will follow upon.
Paul Stecko: I can only speak for our self. I don’t expect our inventories to go any lower. We’re sucking fumes as they say that gas tank is pretty low, we got to try to build a little bit inventory because we have allocated some markets and we have told those customers that we will try to help them as soon as we can and we’re not going to forget about that obligations. As far as the rest of the industry, I don’t know what their situation is on annual outages, over the last stuff that’s not from we track, but when you have this love and people are still shipping orders in late. I think it’s unlikely that they’re going to much lower.
George Staphos: I appreciate that Paul. Then and the longer term question you obviously you and Mark have a lot on the played in terms of the energy products the early science which from what you’re saying a positive a longer term you want to use some of the cash if you have the right opportunity to pass grow the vertical integration or there any other elements of this strategy for packaging corp. That we should be mindful of from a marketing and operational standpoint over next three years that you’d remind us of now.
Paul Stecko: Sure, the other half of the equation is obviously the box business. We’ve worked hard in and mills only thing counts and that’s cost it is low as possible. In the box plant area obviously we work on doing the hard things that involves people that involve technology and equipment, but the other thing that we’re trying to accomplish in our box system over the next three years is to get our integration level up from about 80% today then 90% and we are spending some extra capital this year about 35 million in our box plants in markets were we are harder capacity not everywhere, but in selected spots in order to grow in those markets to grow with customers that one as to grow so we can better serve them and that’s part of our plan along with selected box plant acquisitions to get our integration level up from say 80% to 90% over the next three or four years and that’s also is the hard of our strategy.
George Staphos: Paul, just a quick one net investment what they work in terms of integration to that three basis points and 10 I assume not but how much of that add to your forward integration?
Paul Stecko: Well, I can’t get into those specifics, but what we’re doing this year is probably to increase our integration level just this year 2% to 3%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Paul just, do you have a quick update on the Filer City energy projects?
Paul Stecko: Yes, Filer City is someone in long the one disappointment in Filer City with the velocity economy last year. We ran that mill that only about 85% of capacity last year and so we did not need the pulp to ramp we couldn’t make enough pulp to ramp up the bio plant 200% of capacity because we only run in the plan that 85% of capacity and we’re looking forward now to be enable to ramp up to a 100% of capacity and that we’re pretty confident work we can do that. That the things some along as doing well, I will tell there’s been a few bumps in a road as we learnt things about the technology, but nothing of a real significant, we have a learned a lot about how to run a biochemical plant that produce methane gas and there is not many places to look, we’re the only ones in a world that we know of been running a plant on feeding the bacteria this type of fuel and we know a lot more than we did today and our energy cost have improved a lot; and we’re pretty happy with where we are and will be even happier when we run up to 100% capacity on that and I would expect probably be able to do that sometime during the third quarter.
Mark Weintraub: You mentioned, you are the only company using this type of processes. Is this still a process that potentially you could leverage in the future or given where gas prices are just is it’s less out gases?
Paul Stecko: The answer is, yes. We could for example we’ve looked at maybe moving this technology to Tomahawk, but right now our capital is tied up and too large energy projects accounts and then Valdosta. So that’s down the road, you know we do recognize as you know $300 million capital spending is a big number this year and so, we’re not about to commit anymore capital over than that; and as you said with natural gas had very low prices, that makes the Filer City project although a good one, the returns lot as high as it would be up gas was $13 again. We don’t burn that much gas at Tomahawk, however we burn coal there. So one potential benefit down the road if we did something to Tomahawk, it’s coal became a bad thing to burn, who knows where the environmental loss are going that’s something that would really up the probability of doing something at Tomahawk.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fritz von Carp - Sage Asset Management.
Fritz von Carp: I heard some anecdotes from operating people in the industry or around customers and so forth of your industry, who think it’s beginning to get hard to find boxes, that enough capacity was taken out during the downturn that even in this little bit of an upturn we’ve had that supplies starting if you get tried it. Could you comment on that, have you seen that more or less, or what do you have to there?
Paul Stecko: The real thing that I really would say again, I could comment or self. We have certain regions of the country where our demand and our capacity don’t match, in other words, we need more capacity. Quite frankly, the other parts of the company, where we got plenty of capacity and we don’t need anymore, we won’t need anymore for a long time. So it’s a mix bag and I could not generalized box plans run probably on average at like a number 70%, 75% of capacity. I would think there’s plenty of capacity in the country, so boxes maybe tightly hard to get, so that’s probably because more of the paper is not available than box plan capacity.
Fritz von Carp: I was referring not to folding of the paper into the finished product, but the basic container board, you know that is most --?
Paul Stecko: Yes.
Fritz von Carp: I understand that folding the boxes is got more capacity always?
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, okay. In terms of paper, inventories are at historic lows. I think that answers your question that there’s not as much paper around as historically there is and that translates into a tight market. So I think what you’re saying is reflected in the inventory numbers and you are correct.
Operator: I’m not showing any other questions in the queue at this time gentlemen.
Paul Stecko: Okay. Well, listen, I would like to again thank to everybody for participating and looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Stecko - Chairman and CEO Rick West - CFO Tom Hassfurther - EVP, Corrugated Products
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Claudia Houston - JPMorgan Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston  Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon the conclusion of the narrative there will be a Q&A session. I would now turn the conference call over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Paul Stecko: Thank you and good morning and thanks for joining us on our call. With me on the call are our Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated Products business; Mark Kowlzan, who runs our mills operations; and Rick West, who you all know is our CFO. And again, thanks for participating and we will take your questions when I complete the presentation. Yesterday we reported fourth quarter earnings of $59 million or $0.57 a share. Fourth quarter net income included $44 million or $0.42 a share from alternative fuel mixture tax credits and after-tax non-cash charges totaled $1.2 million or $0.01 a share from assets disposals related to previously announced major capital projects at our Counce and Valdosta mills to reduce energy costs. I should note that in 2010 and 2011 we will also be taking an after-tax non-cash charge of about $1.5 million or $0.01 a share each quarter to account for all of the expected asset write-offs related to these major capital projects. For the fourth quarter net sales were $532 million compared to $546 million in the fourth quarter of 20008. Excluding income from the alternative fuel mixture tax credits and the asset disposal charge, net income was $16 million or $0.16 a share versus fourth quarter 2008 earnings of $30 million or $0.30 a share. This decrease in earnings was driven by a lower containerboard in corrugated products price and mix of $0.32 a share, which was partially offset by higher volume of $0.08 a share, lower cost for energy of $0.08 a share and lower cost of transportation of $0.03 a share. For the year, net income was $266 million or $2.60 a share. And excluding the alternative fuel mixture tax credits and the fourth quarter energy project asset disposal charges, earnings were $96 million or $0.94 a share compared to $136 million or $1.31 in 2008. Full year net sales were $2.15 billion compared to $2.36 billion in 2008. Our fourth quarter earnings were about $0.03 a share higher than our earnings guidance. As a result of stronger than expected volume, which added an additional $0.02 per share to earnings and a lower than expected tax rate, which added an additional $0.01 a share to earnings. Looking at the details of operations, fourth quarter demand picked up significantly with corrugated product shipments per workday up 8.3% over last year and up 4.3% over this year’s third quarter and put the 4.3% pickup over the third quarter in prospective over the last five years excluding the severe downturn in 2008. Our fourth quarter shipments per workday were basically flat with the third quarter, let me say that again, our fourth quarter shipments per work day were basically flat with the third quarter with no fourth quarter being up more than a percent and half over the third quarter. So you can see this was an unusually strong fourth quarter for us volume wise. Another positive sign was that we saw no decline in box shipments, the second half of December when the normal seasonal slow down usually kicks in. As a result, not only were fourth quarter shipments up 8.3% over last year, they were only 2% below fourth quarter 2007 which was a very strong quarter for us. So all in all, demand for us has improved steadily and significantly since the end of the first quarter. Our asset sales of containerboard also remind very strong, up 28,000 tons or 29% over last year’s fourth quarter. In fact, we set a new all time quarterly record for export shipments. These higher shipments allowed us to run our mills at a 97% operating rates, which reduced our mill downtime to only 18,000 tons. About half of this downtime was in our October that our Counce mill with the wood fiber shortage that we talked about on last quarter’s call. We produced 600,000 tons of containerboard and that’s up 67,000 tons from last year’s fourth quarter when we had an operating rate of only 86%. At the end of 2009 with our containerboard inventory on plan an up about 600,000 tons over year-end 2008. In anticipation of a five day mill outage at Valdosta in January to make necessary tie-ins for our energy optimization project. We will also have Counce, our largest mill down for a week at March for its annual maintenance outage. These two outages will reduce production by about 27,000 tons in the first quarter. As I sated earlier, pricing and mix for containerboard and corrugated products were lower including the full impact of previously published changes in containerboard prices this year reducing earnings by $0.32 a share compared to last year’s fourth quarter the [result] changes in published prices for containerboard during the fourth quarter, however, pulp and paper we reported last Friday that prices for containerboard increased $50 per ton in January in the East and $70 per ton in the West. Moving to cost. The downturn in the economy drove much lower cost, especially for the energy and transportation. Average prices paid for purchased fuels dropped by about 30% compared to last year’s fourth quarter, including natural gas, which dropped about 45%. Even with our relatively low use of purchased fuels, lower usage and lower cost benefited earnings by $0.08 a share. Lower fuel usage was helped in a large part by the upgrades we made the past two years in our bark boilers. Transportation cost were also down compared to last year’s fourth quarter driven by lower diesel prices as well as by better availability of trucks and rail with the economic downturn improving earnings by about $0.03 a share compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Industry published prices for old corrugated containers or OCC excluding delivery cost increased by about $25 a ton in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to last year, about a 45% increase, because of our relatively low use of OCC (Inaudible), which is only about 17% of our total outside fiber purchases, this increase in OCC prices reduced our earnings by less than $0.01 a share compared to last year's fourth quarter. Our chemical costs were also very good down $0.02 of share. Published OCC prices did increase about $30 per ton again in January and transaction prices are even higher in some cases. These price increases will affect us much less than most others because again our relatively low dependents on OCC. Also with much colder weather natural gas prices have also started to increase, here again our relatively small usage of natural gas provides us a competitive of advantage.  Our wood costs were down about $0.01 of share compare to last year's fourth quarter, but they were up about $0.03 a share compared to this year's third quarter, of the $0.03 per share increase in wood cost about half was due to higher freight costs with the chips we ship from our Valdosta mill to our Counce mill to replenish Counce's wood inventory after extremely wet weather conditions. This money was well spent because with these chips we were able to build wood inventory at Counce and avoid further down time through year-end. But unfortunately the weather has turn bad again in January so we’re not completely out of the woods yet in this issue. Our lower tax rate was normal year-end adjustments in true-ups in proved earnings by $0.01 a share compare to last year's fourth quarter, there were some other cost items which offset each other including increased LIFO inventory reserve expenses which was offset by lower bad debt expense.  Turning to cash, capital expenditures were $46 million during the quarter including $12 million for our Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects. For the year capital expenditures were $114 million in total including $15 million for the energy projects. We end with the quarter with $261 million cash on hand up $36 million from the end of the third quarter and up a $111 million from the end of last year. We received no cash payments for alternative mixture credits during the quarter, however, we did benefit from $21 million of these credits, which we used to reduce our fourth quarter cash tax payments. For the year we reduced our tax payments by $48 million using alternate fuel mixture credits. Currently we have remaining credits available of about $130 million, which we will utilize in part or in total in 2010. Our total available liquidity herein was about $560 million including cash on hand of $261 million fuel mix credits of about $130 and $172 million in borrowings available under our credit facilities. Our long-term debt at year-end was $658 million. As I look at full year 2009 results, I think we had a pretty good year financially and strategically. Considering the severe economic down turn we experienced. Our corrugated product shipments began to pick up in late March and improved throughout the remainder of the year. Containerboard exports were very strong in 2009 and industry containerboard inventory levels have remained at record low levels throughout the year.  Finally, manufacturing costs were lower related in large part to be effects of the recession. The $80 per ton drop at published linerboard prices and $90 for medium was the big negative for the year. But on the positive side we benefited from the alternative fuel mixture credits. Cash generated from operations excluding any benefit from alternative fuel mixture credits was about $260 million for us. Strategically we took advantage of much lower construction and equipment cost that resulted during the economic downturn and initiated major capital projects at our Counce and Valdosta mills to reduce energy cost. The projects are on track for fourth quarter 2011 completion and I am pleased to report that we have been able to walk-in fixed price contracts capitalizing on these lower price levels for almost 80% of the total expected cost that the project. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we expect higher containerboard and corrugated products prices from announced price increases. But most of the earnings benefits from these increases will not be realized until the second quarter, when the pass-through the boxes is completed. We expect mill downtime and higher operating costs from our annual maintenance outage at Counce and Valdosta mill outage work related to our energy project tie-ins. Also higher recycled fiber costs, higher energy cost with colder weather, a higher effective tax rate and higher timing related benefit cost are expected in the fourth quarter. Considering all of these items we estimate our quarter earnings would be about $0.12 per share. With that, I would be happy as always to entertain any question, but I have to remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward looking statements. So operator, I would ask you now to open the line and we would be happy to entertain your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mr. Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Paul, I just wanted to clarify the (Inaudible) million alternative fuel mixture credits, is that in addition to the $261 million of cash you have on the balance sheet or is that included in that cash?
Paul Stecko: There is no alternative fuel mixture credits included in the $260 million cash, that is cash. 
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, so obviously you guys have a tremendous amount of cash and liquidity and some of it’s going to the energy program, you’re already generating a lot of cash from operation, we are just seeing prices starting to go up and so presumably coming second quarter we are going to be generating even more. At what point do you re-look at the dividend and/or share repurchase or some other use of cash?
Paul Stecko: We look at all the time, Mark, and as you said, and as I said, we are not getting the biggest part of the benefit of the cash generation will come in the second quarter when we’ve got the full price increase put in hopefully. And we have roughly $300 million of CapEx in our two projects that we’ll spend over the next two years, but if things keep going the way that it had been going, I think we will be in the position some time this year to start making some decisions in that regard, but not during the first quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, terrific. Just second, can you give us a sense as to how demand was looking in January in your box business?
Paul Stecko: Yeah, the short answer is pretty darn good, little more quantitative, our bookings through I got 13 days worth the data, there are 20 shipping days. So, for roughly two thirds of the month our bookings are up 8% over last year and our billings, which usually lagged booking at the beginning of the month are up 6.6%. So, what we saw in December, I was a little concerned with the late December end that didn’t end with the bank for us, we didn’t really see a slowdown but would feel the effects of that in January, but that hasn’t happened and we are off to a very good start in January.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Claudia Houston of JPMorgan.
Claudia Houston - JPMorgan: Just a couple of question, one just on the CapEx for 2010 and how we should be thinking about the CapEx for the year and then also on the tax rate what you view as sort of a normal tax rate for 2010? 
Paul Stecko: Let me take the first one, I’ll let Rick take the second one. On the CapEx, we are going to come in probably right around $300 million may be little less, I’m hopeful it will be $300 million because we are trying to accelerate our two energy projects, the return is very good and sooner we can bring them in, obviously the sooner we can start getting the return, but basically a couple of $100 million for the energy projects and probably around $100 million for the rest company mills and box plans in 2010, so roughly $300 million.
Claudia Houston - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks.
Paul Stecko: And with regard to tax rate, Rick, you want to handle that?
Rick West: Yes, the effective tax rate for 2010 and of course the fourth quarter could be a little lower, but generally about 37.5%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse First Boston.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston : First question, just to be clear on the black liquor, since you’re cash tax payer there is really no other benefit that you won’t get beyond the year-end balance sheet, is that right? There is no tax receivables left to get, is that fair?
Paul Stecko: No, we have tax receivables left of about a $130 million, we will record no more income, but we will able to take the tax credits that we have remaining that we generated in 2009 and applied against our 2010 tax [result].
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, that’s great to know and so that means you will be booking 37.5% or your cash tax payments will be reduced effectively by this $130 million in 2010? 
Paul Stecko : That is correct, you will only have your 3%, 4% for state income tax.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston: Got you, okay.
Rick West:  And obviously the reason we are doing that Chip, that maximizes the value of these credits to us. 
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Of course...
Rick West: Rest they have used them for the way we think that we are intended to be at tax credit another way we are using them as opposed to income.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston: Got you, I totally understand, especially with cash paying less than 1%. When you look at the capital spending number, it seems obviously a bit higher than what you had said earlier which means you are spending more on the energy project in 2010 and you mentioned you’ve already spend $15 million actually in ’09, Tom, is it fair to say that that means your CapEx will be a lot lower next year assuming nothing else changes and that we would only see may be $85 million or so spent on the energy projects that year?
Tom Hassfurther : When you say next year you mean 2011?
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes.
Tom Hassfurther : Yeah, okay next year 2011, yeah, we will spend less in 2011 on energy project than 2010, but we also have some projects that other internal projects in the company that we are going to start this year a couple projects in increasing some capacity in some of our box plans pick-up in demand is wonderful, but you got to make sure you got the capacity to deliver that demand and we have some very good return projects in our box plan to do that.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston:  And given that you have that more than 200 of the 300 spent by the end of this year, is there a chance that you could may be jump to gun on that fourth quarter or ‘11 completion, not that you are promising anything, but it would seem like the odds of that are going up.
Tom Hassfurther : I would say, Chip, you are talking in terms of may be a month or two with the best to pick it up.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. 
Tom Hassfurther : I don’t think we’ll get all the way to 200 this year on the energy projects, that’s our goal. May be we only get to 190, but it’s obviously very early in the year, but for a one number I'm throwing that 300 million and to be honest, there is a higher probability we’ll under run that number by little as opposed to over run it. 
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse First Boston: Got you. And last question, given your position and involvement in Europe and just in the global industry, any feel for what you think is going on with OCC? Is this just a sort of a near-term blip and may be tied at the end of black liquor credits and may be less (Inaudible) raw pulp being made or could there be something more to it that’s sustainable? 
Paul Stecko : Well, I think the short answer is, I don’t think this is a one-term blip. Our position has always been that we think that the world will [route] OCC because all the new capacity coming on is virtually a 100% recycled. As this world grows, and lets presume that the world will continue to grow then the make-up fiber have to come from virgin fiber and so we like where we are in terms of having the lowest dependents on OCC, because we think long term OCC will be short and if it’s short it will tend to rising price and obviously the big fall off on OCC benefited us for lease in the short-term, but we are in this business for a long-term and we don’t mind taking our lumps in the short-term, but we want to win in the long-term, and as I like to tell people, I like the hand we have been dealt fiber wise. I wouldn’t trade it through anybody else’s.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly of Sterne, Agee.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: Thanks, Paul. Two things, following on your comment about fiber, last quarter you talked a little bit about higher fiber costs and then of course you didn’t get a little bit of a shortage. Can you talk about what you are expecting over the next quarter, is you down time and outages going to help enough if fiber stays wet, the way it has. How concerned should we be, say, over the next quarter about the virgin fiber side?
Paul Stecko : Honestly, I feel a lot better then I did two and a half months ago and we ran out of wood two and a half months ago that never happened. I’ve never experienced that in 30 years in the industry. We have done a pretty good job and I felt very comfortable, January 1st and then the cold weather and then the rain weather has hit us pretty hard. We are still a lot better then we were in the fall. We think we are going to be all right, but if we have another prolong bad weather spell, you never know. The one negative is when we were short on wood, we tried to maximize the amount of OCC we use, but that’s not such an attractive alternative these days with OCC prices jumping 30 bucks or more in January and we feel the OCC could go up another 20, 25 or 30 in February. One of the things that we have, the ability to do, however, we got a fairly good system to cut access chips in Valdosta where we’ve got wood and ship them to Counce that costs us some money, but that’s a pretty good buy compared to downtime and with OCC prices going up the way they are, it’s a good alternative to have, and I feel much more comfortably because of that. We are in better shape than we were in the fourth quarter, but we are not out of the woods and that’s really as good as I can do with that question.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: Are your virgin fiber costs higher then they were three months ago?
Paul Stecko : Virgin fiber costs are about the same. The only expense that we’re incurring extra is to chip chips and it’s strictly freight.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: Freight, okay.
Paul Stecko :   Our wood costs were little lower in Valdosta than they are at Counce, but we incurred the incremental freight and net-net those chips cost us more than the wood that we have available at Counce. The problem is if we can’t get into the woods, you can’t get that wood. The other problem that’s happened is that it messed up the situation; it got so cold in January, a 100 years low temperatures in and round Counce. Wood is frozen solid, I mean woods have water, so you are trying to chip ice and it really beats up equipments, so we had a lot of down time in our wood yards, but things warmed up at least and now we have just got a [fight drained]. We are not the only ones experiencing these problems; it’s been a tough time all through the South East in terms of getting fiber into the mills for everybody.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: Just one last question. You talked about exports picking up and that’s what we are hearing from pretty much everybody. Are the margins on your export tons roughly the same as domestic?
Paul Stecko : No, export pricing is little lower.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: Still.
Paul Stecko : Offset by less freight, but still domestic is better than export, but export has pick up a lot of steam and tons are short in export and you got to go back long way, but if you go back to 94, 95 when prices hit 530 in the U.S., we were selling export business at 600 in South America. So it’s hard to predict where export prices are going, I’m not saying they are going there, but it has happened before.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: But the margins are getting better?
Paul Stecko :  Well, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to talk a little about the box demand numbers that you put up in the fourth quarter and versus the industry. Can you talk about specifically where you think you might be gaining some share relative to the overall industry in the box business?
Paul Stecko : That’s an interesting question and we thought about that and talked to a fair number of customers, I’ll tell you what we’ve concluded. The nature of our customer base, we’re not big in the big national Counce business. We have a lot of customers, a lot of smaller customers and in the first quarter of last year our demand was worse than the industries. We were about 3% worse than the industry average in the first quarter of 2009. Then we rebounded and were a couple of percent better the industry and we continued to improve above the industry through the rest of the year. Now I don’t have industry data yet for the fourth quarter, for December, excuse me, I have it for the first two months, but I don’t have it for December, but I think that trend we will see the December numbers, but I think we’ve also like before we will outperform the industry in the fourth quarter when those numbers come out. And what I think is, I think the nature of our customers when the recession hit they hampered down pretty flat in terms of shedding inventory, reducing cost, cutting their production schedules, because the smaller companies, I think, just moved quickly because again they did not have the liquidity that some of the big companies have et cetera. But the opposite happened when the economy picked up. They were more aggressive and less cautious than a lot of big companies and they rebounded quicker and I think we’ve written that way through the rest of the year. I think as some of the bigger companies pickup that trend may subside a little bit, but I think it’s just the nature of our customer base. They tended to do things pretty quicker smaller companies and they manage cash very, very carefully. And that’s the reason I think things have turned the way they turned.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay, I appreciate the color. As you look at your production, I think you mentioned you’d operated at 97% in the quarter and as your box volumes have grown faster than the industry, is there a point at which you start thinking that you need more on the mill side to continue to grow faster than the industry in the corrugated side?
Paul Stecko : We would have to grow for a longer period of time to just nine months for that to happen. We have a bellows and that bellows is we can tons out of export if we need them and we’ll just going to have to see where the economy goes and this growth above the industry has been higher than I would have expected and gain I’ve told you the reason. We will be challenged in the first quarter with keeping up with demand, because we’ve got the two outages 27,000 tons. We’ve got cold weather; we’ve got productivity problems with cold weather. We will be challenged, our peg will be very tight paper wise until we get through the shutdowns and then as always we’re in much better shape after we get through this first quarter. So this is going to be a particularly tough quarter for us in terms of making sure our mills run very well, because we need the tons.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from George Staphos of Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Paul, I was hoping you could may be give us a bit more color regarding the energy projects and perhaps may be how the returns have improved given as you say that you've been able to lock a lot of the manufacturing costs. I think you said something about 80% on longer term contracts given the environment for, I guess, contracting and project development and I had a couple of follow on?
Paul Stecko : They haven’t improved George to any extent, you're talking tenth of a percent, when we budgeted this project we assumed that we would be able to buy equipment lock up constructions at these prices. We had a contingency in there some of that contingency has drop the little bit, but these projects were still pick a number 25% and what needs to happen to drive their higher than 25% is that the Congress once it gets through with healthcare the other things have to take on something such as Section 45 electricity credits.
Rick West: Right.
Paul Stecko : That was not handled at the end of the year as Congress ran out of time that will be one of things that we think they are going to take up in the first quarter that's got the potential to drive our return near 30% if that happens and we're optimistic. There are two bills, one in house and one in the [sense] I think levels are playing field with regard to electricity credits and we're hopeful that that will be adopted.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, but it sounds like you saved a few million dollars, may be but not in tenth of millions of dollars on these projects from locking up long term arrangements?
Paul Stecko : No, it’s not, but the big plus. However, is that we've been able to lock in the prices and take the risk of escalating on material prices off of the table and I think we all know what's happened to things like steel and stainless steel prices over the last three or four years. Stainless steel has basically more than doubled in cost and now things have come back to the levels what they are and we’ve simply taken that escalation risk off the table and we're pretty happy about that. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Paul, that’s fair. Switching gears, if we think about the market and we've now seen the linerboard increase announced or implemented for January. Ballpark, how much of your box business do you think will have the [record] that box price implementation in for in the second quarter? Are we talking 80%, 95%?
Paul Stecko : We only talk to our customers about box prices, we don’t talk to anybody else about that, but I can talk about history with you. Historically, we've been able to put box prices through in a two to three month timeframe and see we are very optimistic about this box price increase. The one negative on this box price increase is, April 1st; a lot of people including our customers are in quarterly pricing. April 4th, first as you know is in the second quarter. So all of the people that their contract require quarterly pricing those automatically are off the table. So even if we put the thing in two months that last bunch which would occur April 1, you really don’t get until the third month and one day you'd have it for a month, but have one day is not there.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, are there any shipment and/or market waggeries we have to be aware of, given that again the Easter holiday falls right on I think the beginning of April or is that going to be a non-event for you, do you think in the industry?
Paul Stecko : I can’t speak for the industry, but it’s a non-event for us. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Paul, last question and I'll turn it over. Just as we look at bridge from 4Q to 1Q you enumerated to rationally the things to consider, obviously we can do our own math on the down time, but can you call any of the other factors whether it’s [inside] to your consumption that we should keep in mind on, kind of on a per share or million to dollars basis?
Paul Stecko : The answer is no. We don’t break those into details. They are detailed estimates. If you take them all together you get to where we get and we've simply gave in the items, but we're not going to get into each everyone of them in terms of the exact amount.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank. 
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: (Inaudible) possible for you to give us kind of just a sequence at least a rough sequence as we move thorough the year in terms of downtime, it seems like that downtime in the Northern mills usually comes in the second quarter?
Paul Stecko : Yes. As I said, the Counce shutdown would be maintenance shutdown, will be in March of this year. And then in April we’ll have Valdosta down again for it’s annual outage, again about a week down. And then we also take Tomahawk down in the second quarter, which will be in May. But again that’s always been that way. Filer can move around, but this year we’re going to take Filer down early this year also in April. And then we will have no shutdowns in the second half of the year. Filer was down last fall we’re moving that to April of this year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: With Tomahawk and Filer City, both be roughly one week?
Paul Stecko: Roughly one week.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, right. And then with these OCC prices moving up so rapidly, can you give us just a rule of thumb for you or what you think the industries kind of tripping point might be in terms of when OCC hits a certain point you’d rather run the pulp mill when it’s below a certain point, you might opt to use OCC?
Paul Stecko: We are at that point now, we’d rather run virgin fibers in OCC from (Inaudible) point of view.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Where do you think that occurs, I mean it’s 110?
Paul Stecko: Well, that’s a hard question, that’s why saying how much is that like a diamond cost per carat. You got to know the quality of the diamond, it varies by mill market, varies by your wood cost, it’s different at Valdosta than Counce and it’s different at the semi-chem mills. So that’s not an easy question to answer just with one number. It’s a range of numbers depending on your wood cost. Now and so not being a base, but wood cost could vary by 20 bucks a ton between mills and you have to faster that into it.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then last question. These energy projects, did they both start up in the fourth quarter of 2011 or they actually could you see one of the mills come up kind of before the other and come up a little better over there?
Paul Stecko : They are both are going to come up in the fourth quarter, tentatively 1st of December when I say the fourth quarter, well I think other month or so off of those schedules whether we can or not, but it’s too close to call right now, I mean how things go, weather is important. You want to try to get it done before it gets cold in Counce and how winter work goes. It’s not fortunately this winter, we don’t have that much work to do, but next winter, the winter of 2011 would be a critical winter in terms of how much construction work you can get done, because it’s very tough working outside the construction in very cold weather. So if you tell me how next winter is going to go, I can give you a better estimate, but if things are normal, we’re talking near December of 2011.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Atkinson of Bank of Montreal.
Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal: First question would be on the energy projects, do you have a targeted savings?
Rick West: Yes, we have a targeted savings. In order to get the type of return you talked there, there is a savings number associated with that. The complication comes with the Section 45 of letter of credits. And where we can get a credit for the capital in the project or we can take it in terms the electricity revenues. And so that savings could vary in anywhere from $90 million in savings if none of the credits were in the capital or it could probably drop as low as say $75 million, $70 million if we had a capital credit. For example, instead of taking $0.01 a share, $0.01 per kilowatt-hour, we could get capital back. I'll throw a number of that not determine, but say $50 million that would come off to capital cost of the project. That might be better for us than taking the electricity credits, so the savings is going to be in a range depending in what form and if the Section 45 Legislation is passed. So it’s a complicated answer to a simple question.
Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal:  I really liked the answer. The second thing is that given that is taking a while to do the project, it sounds to me that you’re doing the projects in a way did you not going to upset the ongoing production and so that really would there be any savings as you're going along as you’re gradually putting in the different pieces?
Rick West: No, because when Filer starts up and you're making steam through the turbine generator there are no savings, but you did hear Paul one important point, and that is at Valdosta, we're building a recovery boiler separate from the existing operation, the existing operation one until we start the new one up. We do have to make some tie-ins so we had five days of downtime as a result of the project that will be it for the downtime associated with the project at Valdosta. It's a little more complicated at Counce because we have to rebuild two recovery boilers. And so what we'll do is shut one down while it’s being rebuilt, we're run the elder ones flat out, but that will result in some loss production until we then do the other one. And that's all figured into our savings calculations, but we will lose some production at Counce because of the nature of that project is much simpler at Valdosta. But unfortunately until we crank it up there are no savings. 
Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal: Yeah, okay so that what would be timing on the loss production at Counce?
Rick West:  That would be in 2011, none this year.
Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal : Okay.
Rick West:  We’ve got all the boiler equipment on order and then we will take the boilers down probably in consort with the first shut down next year so we'd save that time. We’ll do it with the annual maintenance outage because that's free time if you will and then we'd do the other ones right after that. We are talking next winter and spring.
Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal: Okay, that's great. 
Rick West:  I’ve got to hold you for one more question, so I can get to everybody?
Stephen Atkinson - Bank of Montreal: On your waste paper sourcing and collection, do you just have contract? Or you have your own collection system?
Rick West: No, we have contracts. And again, we only procure about 1000 tons a quarter of OCC on the outside so we don't use very much we obviously don't need our own collection system, because we use so little. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from [Mr. Andrew Fineman – Meridian] 
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. So when you talked about not being on the woods yet with the weather in South East, but I think now on you Paul that's in your guidance. I mean when normally when you have a problem then you tell us a number like $0.12 you're factoring that in?
Paul Stecko : You are absolutely correct. I've given my best thinking on what we've think are going to happen, but I could be wrong.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Paul Stecko : One of my skills is not predicting the weather. And we hope it goes and we think it might go then that's the best that I can do. The other thing I would point out most of the real bad weather has really shifted more south through at least December and unfortunately if you were in the bottom half of Alabama, Mississippi and in the Louisiana they've had a tougher time than we had in the last few weeks the woods crop up the weather has moved back up North again and so if it goes back to a more normal pattern we'll be okay and I think my members will be pretty accurate, if its not normal pattern who knows.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And the $658 million of long term debt that you mentioned, does that include the capital leases?
Paul Stecko : No, I don’t think so 
Tom Hassfurther : No, it doesn’t, Andy.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). I’m showing no further question sir.
Paul Stecko: Okay. Well, listen, I’d like to thank everybody for participating on the call, if any follow-up questions you can always get a hold of Rick or myself if you think you have a chance to get on and I look forward talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program, you may all disconnect. Thank you and have a nice day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narrative there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Paul Stecko: Thank you and good morning and welcome to PCA’s third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call today Mark Kowlzan, who runs our mills; Tom Hassfurther, who runs our Corrugated Products system; and Rick West, our CFO. And I want to thank you for participating. As the operator just mentioned, at the conclusion of the presentation, we will be glad to take calls. Yesterday, we reported third-quarter earnings of $73 million, or $0.71 a share. Third-quarter earnings included income of $48 million, or $0.46 a share from alternative fuel mixture tax credits for the period July 1 through September 30, 2009. Net sales for the third quarter were $554 million and that compares to $621 million in the third quarter of 2008. Excluding the income from the alternative fuel mixture tax credits, net income was $25 million, or $0.25 a share and that compares to third-quarter earnings of last year of $38 million, or $0.37 a share. This $0.12 per share decrease in earnings compared to last year was driven by the downturn in the economy, which lowered containerboard and corrugated products price and mix by $0.19 a share and volume by $0.06 a share. These items were partially offset by lower costs for transportation of $0.05, energy of $0.05, recycled fiber of $0.02 and chemicals of $0.02 per share. Net income for the first nine months of 2009 was $207 million, or $2.03 per share. And excluding alternative fuel mixture tax credits, earnings were $80 million, or $0.78 a share compared to $105 million or $1.01 in 2008. Year-to-date, net sales were $1.62 billion compared to $1.81 billion in 2008. The pickup in business conditions that we saw in the second quarter, when our corrugated products volume was up 10%, or 40,000 tons over the first quarter, was sustained, and improved further with our box shipments up an additional 1.5%, or 6000 tons, over the second quarter. Compared to last year's third quarter, our corrugated product shipments were down 4.8%. Our shipments did improve each month as the quarter progressed. Compared to last year's third quarter, July shipments were down 7.4%. August was down 6.5%. And I'm pleased to report that September was even with last year. Of course, September's comp is easier this year because last September represented the beginning of the economic downturn. Our September shipments, however, were still up 2% over this August. So for us, business is continuing to slowly but steadily improve. Our outside sales of containerboard were also strong, up an additional 24,000 tons, or 24%, over the second quarter. Of the 24,000 ton pickup in sales, domestic sales and exports were each up 12,000 tons. Compared to our last year's very strong third quarter, outside containerboard sales were only down about 8000 tons, or 6%. Higher shipments of corrugated products and containerboard compared to the second quarter did allow us to reduce our mill downtime by 50%, to 30,000 tons in the third quarter. We produced 588,000 tons of containerboard that’s down 33,000 tons from last year. Our mill operating rate increased to 95%, up from 91% in the second quarter. Even with this higher operating rate, our containerboard inventories still dropped 8000 tons compared to the end of the second quarter. Last Friday, the Fibre Box Association reported that industry corrugated product shipments for September were down 4.8% compared to last year, but were up 3.3% over this August. It’s noteworthy that in the previous 10 years, only once were total shipments higher in September than in August. For the quarter, industry shipments were down 8% compared to last year. Containerboard exports, however, remained very strong at 347,000 tons. And industry inventories fell 87,000 tons to 2,236,000 tons, which is the lowest inventory level for September in 30 years. As I stated earlier, lower pricing and mix for containerboard and corrugated products reduced earnings $0.19 a share compared to last year's third quarter. This reflects the full impact of previously published changes in containerboard prices this year, except for the September $10 price decrease, which was announced, which will begin to impact earnings beginning in the fourth quarter. The earnings impact of lower prices was somewhat higher for us in the third quarter because we completed essentially all of our August 2008 box price increases by the end of last year's third quarter, while other major producers reported publicly that their completion of last Augusts’ price increase ran well into the fourth quarter. Moving next to cost, the downturn in the economy has resulted in lower costs, especially for energy and transportation. PCA is also benefiting from the work that we had previously done on our bark boilers at the Counce and Valdosta mills to improve combustion efficiencies. Average prices paid for purchased fuels dropped by more than 30% compared to last year, reflecting primarily lower natural gas prices, which dropped about 50%. Even with the relatively low use of natural gas in our system, this benefited earnings by about $0.05 per share. Transportation costs were also down compared to last year's third quarter, driven by lower diesel prices, which were about 40% lower than last year's third-quarter average US price, as well as by the availability of more trucks and rail cars with the economic downturn. The industry published prices for old corrugated containers, or OCC, excluding delivery, decreased from $112 per ton in the third quarter of 2008 to $70 per ton in the third quarter this year, a 33% drop. Because we have a relatively low usage of recycled fiber, this reduction in prices only improved our earnings by about $0.02 per share compared to last year's third quarter. And of course, when OCC starts to rise, we are hurt by this probably less than anybody else in the industry. Our chemical costs were also down, resulting in about a $0.02 per share improvement in earnings compared to last year's third quarter. Wood costs were down about $0.01 a share compared to last year's third quarter. Lower wood transportation and fuel-related harvesting costs and our capability to run a spare wood yard at Counce has helped to lower the earnings impact of limited residual woodchips because of the housing turndown. Unfortunately, the wood situation is getting worse. We continue to see an increased reduction in residual chip availability as more wood products plants shut down. This, plus a continuing pattern of wet weather in the US South, along with the need to build wood inventories for the upcoming winter months, is putting a lot of pressure on wood availability and will most likely lead to higher-than-normal wood costs in the fourth quarter. It would also not surprise me that if weather conditions in a large part of the South don't improve, containerboard production levels could be affected due to problems with fiber availability. In fact, last Thursday, we had to take one of our two linerboard machines down at Counce because we did not have enough wood to run both of our paper machines there. Subsequently, we've had about five days of much better weather and received much more wood in that period and we plan to restart the Counce paper machine this Thursday. This wood situation -- and it's throughout the South remains day-to-day. We are shipping some woodchips from our Valdosta mill because of the excess chipping capacity we have there, and that’s going to help our situation. But weather remains the key variable affecting wood supply. Turning to cash, capital expenditures were $18 million during the quarter, and we ended the quarter with $224 million cash on hand. That’s up $31 million from the end of the second quarter. We received no cash payments from alternative fuel mixture credits during the quarter. However, we did benefit from 4 million of these credits, which were used to reduce our third-quarter cash tax payments. As of September 30, remaining ultimate fuel mix credits available that have not been used yet to offset cash tax payments was $106 million. Our total available liquidity at quarter-end was $396 million, including cash on hand of $224 million and $172 million in borrowings available under our credit facilities. Our total long-term debt at quarter-end excluding capital leases was $658 million net of debt discounts of $1 million. Before I move to the fourth-quarter outlook, I’d like to mention that we did announce earlier this month that our Board of Directors had approved the major energy optimization project at our Counce and Valdosta mills. The total capital involved is about $295 million, with the majority of the capital spent for a new recovery boiler at Valdosta, two recovery boiler rebuilds at Counce and a new turbine generator for both Counce and Valdosta. We will avoid about $80 million in capital repair costs on this equipment that is being replaced. So the net additional capital required is estimated to be $215 million. When the project is completed in the fourth quarter of 2011, our Valdosta mill will be essentially, totally energy self-sufficient, using no purchased fuel in its boilers and generating 100% of its electricity requirements. Our Counce mill will produce almost 85% of its electricity needs, eliminate essentially all of its natural gas and oil boiler fuel and reduce its coal consumption by 94%. We expect an after-tax return on the net capital of $215 million of more than 25%. How much higher than that is a function of current proposed and potential legislation regarding tax incentives and benefits related to the production of green energy and green electricity. Now looking ahead, we do expect our volumes to be lower in the fourth quarter because there are three less shipping days for boxes than there were in the third quarter, and we expect a normal seasonal decline in demand. But a lot will depend on how the economy and weather behave going forward. So right now, we expect a little more market and/or weather-related downtime in the fourth quarter than we experienced in the third. Prices are expected to be lower due to both the published $10 per ton linerboard decrease in September and our corrugated products mix is usually not as rich in the fourth quarter, with much less display business in December. We expect wood costs to be higher, as I talked about earlier, and energy consumption will also be obviously higher with colder weather. Considering all these items, we estimate our fourth-quarter earnings at about $0.13 a share, which excludes any and all income from alternative fuel mixture tax credits. With that, we will be happy to entertain any questions, but as always, I have to remind you that some of the statements made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the Company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K, on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, I would ask the operator to open the lines, and we would be happy to take your questions. Operator (Operator Instructions) Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse First Boston.
Chip Dillon: Thank you, and good morning, Paul.
Paul Stecko: Good morning Chip.
Chip Dillon: First question is on the CapEx. You are telling us it's roughly $145 million or so per year for the two big projects, and you are talking about avoided maintenance. What should we think about in terms of what overall CapEx would be those years? Because again, I guess that would mean the only other spending would be maintenance on the box plants and the two other mills.
Paul Stecko: Yes, we will have a little more, you had a few maintenance, you got to maintain Counce and Valdosta also, Chip. So those [debt] capital, that maintenance money doesn't go away. But the way to think about this is we are going to avoid about $20 million a year in boiler maintenance at Counce and Valdosta. So our normal capital, which is $110 million, will drop to about $90 million. And with all the activity going on at Counce and Valdosta, it may even drop to about $80 million. So I would use $80 million to $90 million for what I'd call normal CapEx. That would be normal maintenance, normal projects, profit enhancement in both the mills and the box plants. And then our capital for the project will be about $145 million on top of that for both years. Maybe a little less because we are spending about $20 million this year, so make it $135 million a year for those two years. So we will have committed about $20 million in these projects this year by the end of the year. Okay and FX will be excluding the project, in the $80 million to $90 million range for the next two years.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then for this year, you were actually, it's interesting you are spending $20 million, and the year-to-date rate is quite below, I think, some of the numbers you were, some of us might have in the, I don't know, 110, 120 range. What do you think this year will end up being?
Paul Stecko: We are going to come in about $100 million this year for the normal CapEx. It might be 5 lower, it might be 5 higher, but call it $100 million. And then we will spend $20 million on the project this year, between now and the end of the year.
Chip Dillon: And then as I look at your balance sheet, on the black liquor, it looks like if you run roughly like you did in the third quarter and it doesn't go away until year-end, that $106 million that you haven't used would obviously be up around $190 million. And assuming that the next couple of years are equal or better than this year, how long do you think it would take to use up that roughly $190 million?
Paul Stecko: I'm going to let Rick answer that, but I think we are picking up about $17 million a month in black liquor. So three times 17 gets you to 51 more from where we are. So I don't get to your $190 million number. But I'm going to turn that…
Rick West: We are looking at additional black liquor credits in the fourth quarter of about $48 million. Estimating our cash tax payment in the fourth quarter would be about $21 million. So the remaining black liquor credits available at the end of the year would be about $134 million, Chip. And we can offset that with our taxes owed through the remainder of 2010, or we can take a refund in 2010 for the remainder that is owed.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And when would you actually get that refund? What is the earliest you could claim that?
Rick West: You have two options. You could either get the refund when you file your normal tax return in September, or you can do an early filing, I think as early as February, and receive payment.
Chip Dillon: And actually, when you get the refund, you're in essence applying that against; you're carrying back those credits to prior years or prior-period income tax, right?
Rick West: You can get a refund of your taxes for that amount. I don't know that it is a carryforward. I would have to check on that, or a carryback. But it is just the cash amount would come out.
Chip Dillon: So basically you will get the rest of this $134 million sometime in 2010?
Rick West: Yes, we're looking at sometimes in 2010, but we want to make sure that we do it in the most tax efficient manner because of some of the rulings we've had on the taxability of the black liquor credits.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And last question is…
Paul Stecko: No, no last question. I'm going to limit everybody to two questions. And if you wouldn't mind holding, we will get you on our next pass, Chip.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Thanks.
Paul Stecko: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next caller is George Staphos of Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Paul Stecko: Hi George.
George Staphos: Just segueing on the capital project question, Paul, you mentioned that $20 million or so will be related to the end of the year spending on these new projects. How should we think about the spending and how it will peak over the next couple of years until its conclusion in 2011? And can you bracket the sources of the return in your 25% plus comment across whatever savings or efficiencies you generate?
Paul Stecko: Sure. As I said, you may have heard it on a previous call. We are going to spend about roughly $130 million, $135 million each of it in the next two years, 2010 and '11. So there is no lumpiness to it. It is fairly well spread out.
George Staphos: Okay. Got it.
Paul Stecko: In terms of the savings, about 70% of the savings that we are going to get is going to come from reduction in fuel prices, elimination of purchased fuel. And basically, I think the most fascinating thing about this project is that we currently, because these are very old boilers we are replacing, and that is why there is a fair amount of maintenance scheduled on them over the next four years or so that we will eliminate. But basically, for one pound of black liquor, we can produce 2.2 pounds of steam. With the new boilers, we will go for every pound of black liquor four pounds of steam. So we almost double the energy production with the same amount of black liquor. That allows us to produce a little over 50 megawatts of electricity with no fuel costs. And so electricity is a big saving and the elimination of purchased fuel is a big saving. And even at Valdosta, we won't have to buy any purchased bark at all. All the bark we use at Valdosta will be from what we consume in making wood. So that is the bulk of it. We will also have lower cost of production for fiber, because we will be able to ship more heavyweights to Counce and to Valdosta and make them more efficiently, because we will have better drying capacity on the paper machine. We’ll also be able to shift production between Valdosta and Counce in the winter months, where the steam load at Counce goes up about 200,000 pounds an hour because of colder weather; much more warmer in Valdosta, a lot less maintenance expense. Not only capital maintenance, but these old boilers require a lot of maintenance expense. We also had headcount reduction. We are going to run only one boiler at Valdosta as opposed to three. And there is a variety of other savings. The only other thing that I should mention is that on some of these tax credits, we are looking at, you have a choice to either get credit, one is for electricity that you generate that is green, or you can actually get an investment tax credit up front, which would reduce the capital cost. Now it would give you less savings, but you’d also spend a lot less capital. And that will need to be looked at when and if legislation it’s in Congress right now emerges. So we will just have to wait on that. But it's complicated. But no matter what way you look at it, either taking more savings or spending less capital, you still get the same return. That's a long-winded that's a long answer to your question, but it's not a simple answer.
George Staphos: No, but we appreciate the details on the parameters. But it would appear that you get the 25% no matter what, and depending on how this credit legislation goes and whether maybe even over time you get more credits on the entirety of your energy production, not just related to what’s new here, it's all upside.
Paul Stecko: No, and that's an important point. If the legislation, there has been a bill introduced in the House and the Senate that basically will treat paper companies like utilities. Currently, the law says if you make green electricity and you sell it to a third party, you get a credit. What the industry is trying to get approved is that if you make green electricity and you use it yourself, you should get a credit. Because it doesn't make a lot of sense to sell it to the grids and then buy back electricity from the grid; you are just increasing line losses. But if that happens, we also get the savings on the $50 million of electricity, 50 megawatts that we currently produce. That is not in the savings in the project, because obviously we don't have to spend capital to do that. And so this is some important legislation for us.
George Staphos: Okay, Paul. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Paul Stecko: Thank you, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: You had mentioned a lot is going to depend on the direction of the economy. And I was just wondering if you could provide us with how your comps progressed during the quarter, and if you have any indications on how October is going at this stage.
Paul Stecko: Sure. Well, as I said earlier, our box business got a little better each month. To reflect on the history of the year, going back to our second-quarter earnings release, January, February, March were slow and then we saw a big step-up in April, and where our volume increased almost 10%. And then we kind of continued to improve, but at a couple percent a month rate. September was particularly good for us, where we went flat from last year, and the industry was down 4.8%. And basically in the first quarter of the year, we trailed the industry; the industry outperformed us. And then we've been outperforming the industry by about 2% per month since then. But then we had a big step-up in September, where our business picked up and we were flat. October is turning out to be an interesting month. And I hate to get too optimistic, but it's early in the month. But through the first 10 days, our bookings are up 7% over last year. And our billings are up 2.5%, and billings always trail bookings early in the month. So we are off to a really good start in October, but a half month does not make the quarter. But so far, so good.
Mark Weintraub: Just to clarify, bookings, would you at this point, though, that 7%, would that normally be reflective of what your billings for the full month would be?
Paul Stecko: Usually, the short answer to that is yes. And usually over a month, billings catch up with bookings. As the month goes on, your bookings will level out or they could decrease. But eventually billings have to match bookings. And usually over a month they do. Not always, but usually.
Mark Weintraub: Is that my second or do I get a second question?
Paul Stecko: No, you get a second question.
Mark Weintraub: In terms of your guidance, I realize you are not a meteorologist, but what had you kind of factored in, in terms of whether things were going to get worse or continue to improve, as the five last days would suggest? And also, on the demand side, I think you had said you had assumed fairly normal seasonal drop-off from what we saw in the third quarter. Is that correct?
Paul Stecko: Yes, but the weather is a tough one to call. We've got this goofy El Nino pattern, and those that follow the weather, weather moves into East Texas, and then it comes up through the Ohio Valley. And it's cutting through the heart of the containerboard industry, in terms of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee is on the boundary of it, and the western half of Georgia is affected. And these storms, it seems like every 72 hours, something else comes through, and the ground just won't dry out. Now, we've had a pretty good run now. We've had five days of sun that is projected, and we are cutting a lot of wood. You said it well when you said I'm a meteorologist, but I don't even think the meteorologists can project this. We've built a couple of cents, $0.02 to $0.03 in. I might be a touch conservative on the weather, but you've got to make a call, and we think the weather situation could cost us let's call it $0.02, $0.03 more than we might have normally thought. And I hope I'm wrong, but it is just hard to project. And I've been in this business 30 years, and last Thursday was the first time I've ever run out of wood in 30 years. So this is a very rare event.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Wilde.
Mark Wilde: I wondered for my first question if you can just kind of tie together kind of thoughts on all that cash on the balance sheet, and do that in conjunction with maybe thoughts on your dividend.
Paul Stecko: Sure. I won't get into the specifics on the amount of cash. If you want some amplification on that, I would get Rick to give you that. But basically, what we have said is that between the black liquor credit cash we are going to get and maybe a $100 million of that cash from the balance sheet, we like to keep at least $100 million, $125 million of cash around. We've got at least $100 million more than that. So between that $100 million and the black liquor credits, that's going to pay for this project. So this project is already fully funded. Going forward basically, we look at dividends and share buyback to be a function of how well we are producing income and cash from normal operations going forward. So I think the good news is, if you are interested in share buybacks and better dividends, is that this project of ours won't affect our thinking going forward there, because we've got these projects funded. And any decisions on share buyback or dividend changes will be a direct function of how well this business performs going forward. And as you know, for the past 10 years at least, we have felt that returning value to shareholders in both dividends and share buyback is important, and that is why we've done both of those over the last 10 years. And we hope to be able to continue that pattern.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And for my second question, I wondered if you can just address kind of what's going on into the export market. Because it looks like in your numbers and the industry numbers, we're really getting a pretty big bounce from the big declines we've seen in the first three or four months of the year. I wondered if you can kind of address the separate issues of kind of FX, maybe improvement in some of the offshore markets, and then whether you are seeing any easing in kind of trade financing, trade insurance. I know for some of the brokers, those were issues earlier this year.
Paul Stecko: Yes, I would say a couple things in general. One, the weak dollar has helped. And we announced earlier the last quarter, that we had basically pulled out of Europe because there was a period when there was a flight to the dollar for safety reasons. The dollar strengthened; it got into the high 120s, low 130s and at the same time, prices in Europe were just abysmal, and it did not make it profitable to ship paper into those markets. Since then, the dollar is close to 150 and the Europeans have announced big price increases. As you know, in September, they announced a EUR60 increase. EUR60 is $85. So a big increase and it looks like that went through. So two things in Europe, prices are better, and the dollar is more favorable. That has helped the situation within Europe. In South America, things have remained pretty good. South America has come back from this economic calamity, I think, a little faster than people thought. And the other thing that surprised me a little bit, things are better in China also. I think the fact that when things hit over there, they took some downtime and they don't make craft linerboard. And so business in China has actually turned out for us to be a lot better this year than the last. And again, we are not major exporters. We only export about 6% to 7% of our production. But I think this is probably reflective of everybody, conditions are just better now than they were six, seven months ago, and we've returned to previous levels. I am really not up to speed on insurance. I haven't heard anything from our people about that in terms of it being a big problem for us. So I can't comment on that.
Mark Wilde: Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
Paul Stecko: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Mark Connelly.
Jason Marcus: Good morning, Paul. This is Jason Marcus in for Mark.
Paul Stecko: Okay. Good morning.
Jason Marcus: Pulp and Paper Week said when they took the linerboard prices down $10 in September that it was a cumulative adjustment rather than a discrete event. Is that gradual reduction consistent with what you are seeing in the market over the last quarter?
Paul Stecko: No.
Jason Marcus: So it was a one-time thing, and it wasn't gradual erosion over the past several months?
Paul Stecko: We haven't seen any erosion over the past several months.
Jason Marcus: Okay. And then I guess relative to last year, as you look at the Q4 guidance, I guess where is the seasonal pattern different this time? Is there a part of your mix that is substantially different from last year, I guess, besides the weather?
Paul Stecko: No. I am surprised. If you look at our record over the last 10 years, we usually fall $0.08, $0.09, $0.10 in the fourth quarter, related to usually volume, higher energy consumption, would be the two things, wood costs tend to go up, etcetera. I think the only thing different this time is we are a little more conservative on our volume in wood costs because of this weather situation. You adjust for that $0.02 and $0.03, and we are right back in where we were. And of course, the other big change this year is this $10 a ton price decrease that Pulp and Paper announced last month unfortunately starts the first month of the quarter, which means you get a hit with it the whole quarter. A lot of these price changes with customers, they are implemented once a quarter. So if you time it the way Pulp and Paper timed it, it hits the industry the entire quarter. $10 on a 0.5 million tons is $0.03. We won't get hit with the whole thing, because not everybody is tied to Pulp and Paper, but that's a couple of cent item too that, quite frankly, a month ago, I didn't expect to happen.
Jason Marcus: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon: Paul, just wanted to get your views on, I guess, one of these two government credits that people are talking about. The one that I think could actually be either an opportunity or maybe even a small threat would be the RCAP, which is the one tied to timber. And I didn't know if you have any views on that. Because it could be written a certain way, it could encourage some of your wood suppliers to sell to alternative energy plans as opposed to a paper company.
Paul Stecko: Yes, this is going to sound like an evasive answer. It is not, Chip. It is just that this thing is hard to figure out because there has never been anything like it. It's not something as simple that a bill was written and it's clear as a bell on how it works. This thing will be administered through the Farm Bureau on a contract-by-contract basis, in which every piece of land is treated separately. The landowner teams up with somebody who is a qualified burner of that fuel, and you can get a credit for up to two years. And I have as many questions as you on this. We are studying it. What we are doing, because of what you referred to, we are in the process of being qualified. We expect to have our mills qualified. I think, we are talking in days, not months. And the other thing that I think there has been a lot of misconception about is the landowner, not the paper mill, gets the credit. Now, there has been a lot of speculation of, hey, can and if and when and how can that credit be shared, etcetera. But there are more questions than answers on this thing. And hopefully by the next earnings call, answers will exceed questions. And I think everybody will be much better to explain, understand and evaluate what this can or can't do. But right now, it's still pretty nebulous. But there are a lot of people working on this, both in our industry, trade association and individual companies, I'm sure. I know we are doing a lot of work to figure how to best position ourselves to take advantage of anything that may be available. And that's a long-winded way to say we've got to wait a month or two to really find out what end is up.
Chip Dillon: I understand. I even called it the wrong thing. I meant the BCAP. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Skidmore, Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Stecko: Good morning Rick.
Richard Skidmore: I just wanted to follow up on the capital spending project over the next couple of years. Will that have any material impact on your ability to produce volume in those two years? Will there be any extra sizeable downtime over those two years?
Paul Stecko: There will be a little bit of downtime, but not much. At Valdosta, there will be no downtime because this is a standalone new recovery boiler; it's on a different spot than the other boilers. And we will build it and then make tie-ins, and really very little downtime. The work we've got to do on the paper machine to improve the drying efficiency will be done during an annual outage, and we will actually do that work this spring. At Counce, it's a little different, because we are rebuilding two recovery boilers that are in place and they are operating. And so when we take one down for a rebuild, which will be about three months, we will lose some production. And then when that one starts up, we'll lose less production, we will lose some production, but less, on the second one, because we will be able to make more steam from the same amount of black liquor. But when you really look at it, it may involve over a year, 20,000 tons of production would be a rough guess. Because we will pick up the OCC content, we'll do some things, we will shift a little production to Valdosta. And we are fiber limited at Counce; we are not fiber limited at Valdosta. So we can get some of that back. But a real rough guess is 20,000 tons, and we'll work and see if we get that down a little bit.
Richard Skidmore: Okay. And when you emerge from this capital project, Paul, does that at all increase any of the capacity on the paper machines?
Paul Stecko: At Valdosta it will, but we are going to do, we have already de-rated Counce by a couple of hundred tons because we simply cannot produce enough wood at Counce to sustain the level that we were able to sustain in 2008. We were running Counce at about 101%, 102% of capacity. So net-net, there won't be any potential capacity increase available to us unless we make a wood yard investment down the road, post 2012, at Counce, or this wood product market comes back and we have a lot more chips available; then we probably could pick up 150, 200 tons down the road.
Richard Skidmore: Okay. And then just tied to all of this, how does this capital spending plan change your view, or does it, with regards to increasing the integration, i.e. looking for opportunities on the box plant side? Does it push it out for a couple years or you are still in that process?
Paul Stecko: No, it really doesn't change it at all, because we have been somewhat fortunate, not somewhat, we've been very fortunate with the black liquor credits that pay for a very large portion of this project. And we had accumulated enough cash this year to be able to fund that project. And as I said on an earlier call with regard to both dividend and share buyback and I should've included box plant expansion in that number too, we are back to the business as usual, that the three main uses of cash would be share buyback, dividends and addition of box plants, not in any particular order, what provides the best value for the shareholders.
Richard Skidmore: Okay. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Staphos of Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos: Paul, one last question, sort of longer-term and hitting on the question of integration. We have seen a lot of volatility in demand in corrugated products this last year, obviously related to the economy. We've seen continued changes in trade flows, not just in containerboard, but obviously in manufactured goods over time. Do you think the integrated model is that much more valuable then, given what we've seen in terms of demand in the US over the last 12 to 24 months? Or do you think perhaps integration, not necessarily for you, but more broadly speaking for others in the industry might be less valid than it might have been, say, two, three years ago? And then as a sidebar, what's your view on the trend in lightweight containerboard, if we are going to see much of that in the next several years? Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Paul Stecko: Yes. With regard to integration, it depends. It depends if you make money in your box plants or not.
George Staphos: Okay.
Paul Stecko: We make money in both our mills and our box plants. So every ton of paper that I can make into my own box increases my profitability, as opposed to selling that paper to somebody else who makes some money making their box. However, if your box plants are just there to cut up tons, then it's obviously not as valuable to be as vertically integrated as we want to be. With regard to lightweights, there was a trend over a long period of time, but it looks like that trend has bottomed out. There has not been any appreciable of movements in the lightweights, and my opinion is that we may see a little more, but I don't think a lot more.
George Staphos: All right, Paul. Thanks.
Paul Stecko: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde: Follow-ups. First of all, Paul, just to kind of confirm on downtime, you said in the fourth quarter it would be a little bit more than you saw in the third quarter. Is that right?
Paul Stecko: Yes. We expect more downtime in the fourth quarter for two reasons. One is seasonally slower volumes in the fourth, third quarter is usually our biggest volume quarter. Fourth quarter, because of December, Christmas, three less shipping days, etcetera, you normally get lower volume. And if you get lower volume and you are running into demand, that would imply lower production, and lower production would imply some downtime more than the third quarter.
Mark Wilde: Okay, and also on downtime, we know what the market downtime was in the second and third quarter. I can't recall, of the 90,000 tons you took in the first quarter, what was the breakout of that maintenance to market?
Paul Stecko: I can't recall either, Mark, but I am going to take a guess. Somebody has given me the number, though.
Rick West: It was 60,000 market-related, 30,000 for the annual outage.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right, that's good. And then the last question I had, Paul, we've had a little bit change on the call today for the first time in 10 years. I think Tom has replaced Bill Sweeney, who I guess is at the golf course or on the beach. I wondered if you could just give us a little background on Tom.
Paul Stecko: Well, I'll tell you what, I'll do better than that. I'll let Tom give you a little background on Tom.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I've been in the business a long time; 31 years with PCA. I've had a lot of the varieties of jobs. And I think probably most importantly, spent the last 19 years working for Bill. So I think you will see a lot of consistency take place with the Company going forward. And we just need to continue to implement and do the things we've been doing well, and the rest will take care of itself. So I certainly appreciate the opportunity, glad to be here, and I think we've got a lot of good things to look forward to.
Mark Wilde: All right. So I guess the main point is after working with Sweeney for 19 years, it's unlikely we see any big changes.
Paul Stecko: Let me just say this. He said, glad to be here. I was just going to jump in and say, what do you mean glad to be here? You've been here 31 years. So he's been here a long time. He and Bill have worked very closely together. And Bill Sweeney is as good as there is, and I think Tom is certainly in that category. The information flow and the idea flow between these two guys has been very large for the past 15 years as they've worked together, and they've learned a lot from each other. And that is a big compliment from me to both of them.
Mark Wilde: All right. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Paul Stecko: It looks like we are out of questions. I'd like to again thank you for participating in the call, and we look forward to better weather and look forward to talking to you in January about how we did for the year. Thanks again. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Thank you, and have a nice day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul T. Stecko – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard B. West – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Richard Skidmore – Goldman, Sachs & Co George Staphos – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee [Dan Wewer] - Morningstar Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management
Operator:  Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narrative there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Paul T. Stecko: Thank you and good morning and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter earnings release conference call. I'm Paul Stecko and with me on the call today is Bill Sweeney, who runs our Corrugated Products business, Mark Kowlzan, who runs our mill operations, and Rick West, our CFO.  And as the operator said, once we conclude the presentation, as always, we will open the call lines up and take any of your questions, so let me get right to it. Yesterday we reported second quarter earnings of $109 million or $1.07 per share. Second quarter earnings included income of $80 million or $0.79 per share from alternative fuel mixture tax credits for the period from December 13, 2008 through June 30, 2009.  Our net sales for the second quarter were $549 million compared to $616 million in the second quarter of 2008. Excluding income from alternative fuel mixture tax credits, net income was $29 million or $0.28 per share versus second quarter 2008 earnings of $35 million or $0.34 per share. This $0.06 per share decrease in earnings compared to last year was driven primarily by the downtown in the economy, which lowered our Containerboard and Corrugated Products volume and increased down town, thereby reducing earnings by about $0.14 per share as well as by higher costs for labor and benefits, which reduced earnings by about $0.02 per share and pricing, which held up quite well, reducing earnings by only $0.02 per share. These items were partially offset by lower costs for recycled fiber of $0.05 per share, lower transportation costs of $0.04 per share and lower energy costs of $0.03 per share.  Net income for the first six months of 2009 was $135 million or $1.32 per share excluding the alternative fuel mixture tax credits. Earnings were $54 million or $0.53 per share compared to $67 million or $0.65 per share in 2008.  Year-to-date, net sales were $1.06 billion compared to $1.19 billion in 2008.  Our earnings were significantly higher than we expected entering the quarter. These higher earnings were basically the result of two things - higher volume, which improved earnings by $0.10 per share more than we originally expected, and lower energy costs, which were $0.05 per share better than expected.  As we reported on our first quarter earnings call, our Corrugated Products volume had increased significantly during the first half of April over our first quarter shipments. The question at that point was would this pickup in volume be sustained? Well, it was sustained, not only in April but also through the entire quarter. And our Corrugated Products volume was up 10% or 40,000 tons over the first quarter, which was much higher than our normal seasonal demand pickup of 2.5% to 3% over these two quarters. This pickup in demand has carried into July and for the first 10 work days our shipments are down about 5.4% compared to July 2008. But this is better than our June shipments year-over-year, which were down 6.5% compared to the previous year.  During the quarter we also saw a significant pickup in outside sales of containerboard, with domestic sales up 24% or 11,000 tons over the first quarter and export sales up 14% or 5,000 tons. We had originally expected about 90,000 tons of mill downtime comprised of 50,000 tons from our annual mill maintenance outages and 40,000 tons from market-related downtime. With the pickup in demand, we ended up having to take only 10,000 tons of market-related downtime. This allowed us to increase our mill operating rates from 85% in the first quarter to 91% in the second quarter while at the same time dropping our containerboard inventories by 2,000 tons. Taken together, all of this improved our earnings by $0.10 per share over our original guidance.  With regard to energy, we ran very well in both our mills and our box plants. What was especially significant this past quarter was that we had to start up three separate mills after annual outages. Starting up and then running well without problems after an outage, which we did, has a very positive effect on efficiency and energy consumption. We also completed several projects early in the quarter that produced even better results than we had originally assumed. One project involved upgrades to our combustion control capabilities on our big bark boilers at both Counce and Valdosta, which allows us to now produce about 25% more steam burning the same amount of bark as before the upgrade. As a result, we can now run Valdosta on 100% wood waste and black liquor and at Counce we've been able to reduce fossil fuel usage to only about 15% of our boilers' needs. We also completed a project at our Counce mill during its annual outage in April which allows us to increase our self-generation of electricity and thereby reduce purchased electricity by over 15%.  Finally, energy prices were a little lower than expected and our box plants ran very efficiently, which also helps reduce energy consumption. Taken together, all of these energy items amounted to about $0.05 per share better than we originally anticipated.  Our mill production was 555,000 tons compared to 614,000 tons in the second quarter of 2008 and that's down 59,000 tons. Annual maintenance outages at our Counce, Tomahawk and Filer City mills reduced production by about 50,000 tons and market-related downtime reduced production by about 10,000 tons. In the second quarter of 2008 annual maintenance outage downtime was only 12,000 tons and we had no market-related downtime. I should add that we now have all of our 2009 annual maintenance outages behind us. Our Corrugated Products shipments compared to the second quarter of 2008 were down 7.8% in total and down 6.3% per workday. But as I stated earlier, this was much better than this year's first quarter, where our total shipments were down 12.6%.  Outside sales of containerboard were down 30,000 below last year's second quarter, with domestic sales down 17,000 tons and export sales down 13,000 tons. The Fiber Box Association reported last Friday that industry corrugated products shipments compared to last year's second quarter were down 8.5% per workday and 9.9% in total. Compared to the first quarter, however, industry shipments were up 5.3% in total, while, as I mentioned earlier, PCA shipments were up 10%.  With this improvement in demand, industry containerboard inventories fell by 180,000 tons during the quarter and ended the quarter at 2,246,000 tons. And this is the lowest June-ending inventory in almost 30 years.  Industry operating rates also improved each month during the quarter, with April at 79%, May at 83%, and June at 91%. We see these industry results as well as our results as positive indications that containerboard supply and demand remains in very good balance and demand continues to pick up, although still down year-over-year. Industry published prices for containerboard dropped $15 a ton in April, an additional $10 in May and were flat in June, ending six consecutive months of price reductions by trade publications. These lower published prices reduced our second quarter earnings by about $0.02 per share compared to last year's second quarter and will also impact our third quarter as the full impact of the second quarter price reductions are fully realized. Turning next to costs, second quarter 2009 recycled fiber, energy and transportation costs were down significantly from second quarter 2008 levels. Industry published prices for old corrugated containers or OCC, excluding delivery costs, were down from $126 a ton in the second quarter of 2008 to only $49 a ton in the second quarter of this year. And that's a 60% drop. This reduction in prices improves our earnings by about $0.05 per share compared to last year's second quarter earnings.  As a result of the economic downturn, delivered prices for OCC in the Southeast dropped below $50 per ton in January, a price level not seen since the early 1990s. But by June, as a result of less waste paper collections because of low prices and greater demand, the price of OCC had risen to about $85 a ton delivered and it's now moved up another $15 a ton to $100 a ton delivered in July. These higher OCC prices will adversely affect our earnings in the third quarter, but fortunately for us PCA will be less affected than most other producers by this increase as we use much less OCC than most other producers in the industry. Our cost of virgin fiber, on the other hand, was essentially flat with both last year's second quarter and this year's first quarter.  Transportation costs were down about $0.04 per share compared to last year's second quarter, driven more by availability of trucks and rail with the economic downturn as well as by lower diesel prices.  Our energy costs, including both purchased fuels and electricity, were down compared to last year's second quarter, improving earnings by $0.03 per share, driven primarily by operations improvements and lower prices.  Chemical costs compared to last year's second quarter were actually up about $0.01 per share. We did not fully realize the benefit of lower caustic soda prices in the second quarter due to contractual commitments and working off some high-cost inventory on hand, but full realization of lower caustic soda prices is expected in the third quarter. Higher labor and benefit costs reduced second quarter earnings by about $0.02 per share compared to last year's second quarter.  Now turning to cash, capital expenditures were $22 million during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $193 million cash on hand, up $53 million from the end of the first quarter. We received no cash payments from alternative fuel mixture credits during the quarter; however, we did benefit from $19 million of these credits, which were used to reduce our second quarter cash tax payments.  Our total available liquidity at the end of the quarter was $365 million, including cash on hand, and $172 million in borrowings available under our credit facilities.  Our total long-term debt at quarter end, excluding capital leases, was $658 million net of debt discounts of $1 million, the same as the end of the first quarter.  To sum up the first half of the year I'd have to say I'm pretty pleased that our operating earnings excluding income from alternative fuel mixture credits of $0.53 per share is down only $0.12 per share from last year's results despite the severe downturn in the economy which has caused us to take record containerboard mill downtime. Both our mills and box plants have performed extremely well during these very difficult and challenging market and operating conditions, and the black liquor credits we're receiving may allow us to do some important things that otherwise would probably have to be delayed. Looking ahead to the third quarter, earnings will be impacted by lower selling prices resulting from previously published changes in prices for containerboard. Sales volumes are expected to be higher but some market-related downtime is still likely. We also expect the cost of recycled fiber to be significantly higher, with some offset from lower caustic soda prices.  Considering all of these items and excluding any income from alternative fuel mixture tax credits we estimate our third quarter earnings to be at about $0.24 per share. With that, we'd now be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you, as always, that some of the statements we've made on this call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the company and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, I would ask the operator to please open up the phone lines and we will take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Could you talk a little bit about the timing of the cash payments from the alternative fuels credit? You mentioned I think you effectively got $19 million of the $80 million of benefit in the second quarter. Does that mean that you already are owed, if you will, $61 million that we haven't seen on your balance sheet yet going forward?
Paul T. Stecko: I'm going to let Rick take that. I'll let him answer that.
Richard B. West: That's correct, Chip, that we have not received those amounts at this point. And it's sitting as an asset on our balance sheet, but no cash has been received. 
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: I noticed it looked like you recognized $76 million of it sort of above the tax line and about $4 million or $5 million of it as an offset to taxes. Why was that?
Richard B. West: Chip, really it was the full amount of $80 million. The other $5 million that you're referring to, the net, is what our expense would have been for other expense items, similar to what you saw last year in the second quarter of 2008.  And, you know, what I would say on that is that many of the companies that are publicly reported on the alternative fuel mixture tax credit, they've appeared to use the excise tax method, which allows you to apply for an immediate refund of the credit. You can get the cash, which is taxable. A second method, which we are using, allows you to take these credits against your income tax owed. As Paul said earlier, we did reduce our second quarter cash tax payments. And both our independent public accountants and other advisers have concluded, based on their assessment of similar credits and circumstances, that no provision for income taxes is required at this point and that these credits may not be taxable.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Because you have other income you can, in effect, use them against?
Richard B. West: That is correct.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And then the second question is it looks like you're getting about $12 million a month; is that a good way to look at it?
Richard B. West: You know, we really haven't commented on that. We started up in the partial month in December and it probably varies somewhere from $12 to $18 million a month depending on as we ramped up and put this in full production. The rate's a little higher than that; I'm going to estimate $17 million, $18 million a month.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And as we look at the third quarter, you mentioned, obviously, the OCC - 
Richard B. West: Now let me just qualify. The reason I was a little hesitant to ask, you know, you don't get as much in a month when you've got the mill down for annual maintenance outage. This assumes that you're running full; you don't have any marketing downtime. So it's not a steady number because our production rate obviously affects it, Chip, but in the ballpark $17 - $18 million a month.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And I guess just to make sure we all understand this on the same page, because of the way you're accounting for it - which certainly will benefit you more than the excise tax method - is it fair to say that you probably won't really get the full benefit on the balance sheet until probably some time in 2010, assuming it were to end at the end of this year?
Richard B. West: I think that's a good assumption, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then this is the last question. As we look at the third quarter, you mentioned the headwinds with the published prices having edged down in April and May and the OCC going up. Could you give us an idea of how the energy investment; you made in Counce and Valdosta will phase into the numbers? Is it pennies a share that we can see and does it get phased in in the third and fourth quarter? And the same for the cost of chemicals going down.
Paul T. Stecko:  Well, the answer is definitely yes, it gets phased in to the third quarter. We didn't get a full quarter's worth but we got almost a full quarter's worth because we took our shutdowns early in the quarter. Counce, which is by far the biggest, went down in mid-April and so we got 2.5 months roughly on that one. And so, although we didn't get it all, let's say we got two-thirds of it, to make a rough guess, and that will stay with us in the third quarter.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: And beyond?
Paul T. Stecko: And beyond, yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Paul, two things. First, you had mentioned that the black liquor credits were going to enable you to do a few things that you perhaps otherwise were going to be pushing back, if you could elaborate on that. And perhaps more generally, with your cash balance growing, with your cash flow still very strong, what are you prioritizing for the use of your cash at this point, in particular when returning anything to shareholders, what's your thought about share repurchase versus increasing the dividend again?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, it's a long answer to a long question but let me try to do it within some time constraints.  I think the good news, you know, we did lower our dividend at the beginning of the year for a lot of reasons, one, the economic uncertainty. Bank covenants, we had about $200 million of free bore, if you will, on our covenant of net worth, you know, we had a net worth at the beginning of the year about $684 million; we had a bank covenant to be north of $500 million. That was a fair amount of headroom, but who knew how bad things would get?  The good news for us is we ended the quarter with a net worth of about $794 million, so we're up $110 million, so we're up about $300 million now. And so we have definitely gone in the right direction there.  In terms of cash, we view the funds from the alternative fuel mixture credit as a one-time item. That thing is set to expire at the end of the year; it may end earlier. So that is not something obviously that's a continuing stream of income and we treat that as such. In terms of the longer-term, the ability to buyback shares and increase the dividend will come from continuing income. You know, the black liquor credits, we've talked about it and I think it's really provided a lot of companies a lot of good. We've got some companies in this industry that have teetered on or have gone bankrupt, and I think this credit had arrived at the right time to help them through difficult situations. In our case, fortunately, we're much stronger financially and we're looking at using that credit, those last liquor credits, I think in a way the government would have conceived of as a good use of the money and we think it's a good use of the money.  We've got a couple of projects, one at Valdosta, one at Counce, that can enable us to, with the same amount of black liquor, produce 50 megawatts more electricity, and we are probably looking very hard to use most of that if not all of that black liquor money to fund these two projects, so it'd be on the order of a couple hundred million dollars. We think the return is on an after-tax basis is over 20%; it could be even higher if some of the energy legislation goes through, specifically Section 45, which gives credit to producers of green electricity, you know, primarily the utilities, but we believe the forest products industry would also be included in this credit, which encourages people to produce and sell green energy. And the energy that we would produce at both Counce and Valdosta would meet the green criteria in that it's produced solely from black liquor and wood waste, and what this would do is produce then a stream of income for the future that then we could consider operating income and use for such things as share buyback or increase dividends.  So we're excited about the possibility. We're still studying it; we haven't made a decision. That'll happen later in the year. And we view that as a fairly low-risk investment because it doesn't involve selling any more tons or things of that nature; it just involves reducing costs, which you can control a lot better. And we think electricity costs are going up a lot.  At that point, then, you look at all the income you have and, as I've said many times, we view both share buyback and increased dividends as a very shareholder-friendly thing to do. A lot will depend in terms of the mix of those two items - and I think we'll continue to do both - on what the new tax laws do and how they treat shareholders with regard to both of those things. So that's a longwinded answer, but it's a complex situation. 
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Just one quick follow up. The electricity you'd be producing, would that all be for internal consumption or would you potentially be selling some or even a lot of that back into the grid?
Paul T. Stecko: No, this would be for internal consumption. Basically at Counce and Valdosta we could produce 100% of our own electricity and what the Section 45 legislation that's being introduced, it gives you the ability to either sell it or use it yourself because the Congress does understand if it's produced it doesn't matter if the utility sells it to you and it's totally green or if you produce it yourself and it's totally green. And the law makes a lot of logic. I guess it's in Congress; you never know where it's going to go, but we're fairly optimistic. This thing makes a lot of sense if you're a supporter of green energy. It doesn't make or break a project, but it really enhances the return.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore – Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Can you just talk about the deflation that you're expecting to see in the third quarter and specifically are you anticipating that you'll see any deflation in wood fiber costs as you go into the back half of the year?
Paul T. Stecko: No. As I said, our wood costs have been fairly stable for about the last year. They're not going up, they're not going down. And fuel costs have dropped; that's helped. But it's kind of reached a plateau and, if anything, fuel costs have gone up a touch.  We expect higher OCC prices. Our average price was about $75 a ton in the question; it'll probably be $100 to $105 a ton in the third quarter, so that's roughly $25 to $30 a tone. That's kind of what we're looking at. We'll get some offset in caustic soda. Other than that, we think things cost-wise will be the same quarter-over-quarter. We may use a little less energy with warmer weather, but not much because where our mills are in the South that second quarter's already pretty warm. So not a lot of changes in cost except for those two items.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Just one other question. Where did you see the strength in the quarter in your box shipments? Was there any particular area of surprise? And as you look out to the third quarter, do you get the sense that you might see continued surprises on the upside or are you feeling pretty good about how your volumes are trending here?  
Paul T. Stecko:  Well, I would say - and, Bill, chip in if you've got anything to add - but, no, our volume was strong and picked up all over. We didn't have any particular regions that were weak. We've got about seven regions of the country, each run by an area general manager. All performed very, very well. It's been slow, steady improvement. As I said last call, it's like a light went on in April and it stayed on. It's getting a little brighter, but it's not blinding yet. We're hoping it gets blinding, but we're not there yet.  So we're just seeing slow, steady improvement. August and September historically are very strong months for us; July, it's kind of a normal month and then we usually get a nice pickup in August and September.  So, you know, in April, in May, we were up about - April we were up about 6.7% - excuse me, we were down 6.7% over the previous year, May, down 5.6%, and then June down 6.5%. But you've got to be careful with that because there's a large difference in the number of days in these months; it's a weird year. But on a total volume point of view, June was by far our strongest month and I think that's also the case for the industry.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from George Staphos – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Paul, I want to come back to the energy projects, both the ones that you've been working on and the ones that you might work on funded by the black liquor credit. What type of change might it mean for your mix of energy consumption and source over the next few years if, for example, natural gas was, I don't know, round numbers 25% of volume and BTUs that you'd use in prior years. What could that number drop down to over time? How much could coal, bark and steam ultimately reflect or represent in terms of your overall mix?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, not much because we're already there on not using much fossil fuel. For example, today at Valdosta we use no fossil fuels in our boilers. We do put a touch of diesel in with the black liquor, as is required to qualify for the credit, but other than that we don't use any fossil fuel. What would happen at Valdosta is that we have three very old recovery boilers that would be replaced by one very high-efficiency recovery boiler. And with the same amount of black liquor we could produce 70% more steam than with the three old boilers. And that 70% more steam can drive a turbine generator that would produce about 25 megawatts of electricity.  So basically what the investment gets you is 25 megawatts of free electricity that should also qualify - if the Section 45 legislation goes through - a tax credit on that in addition to producing it for nothing. And so it's really efficiency; that's why there's not a lot of risk in terms of where the prices of things are going. And then of course there's some other savings there also in the project in terms of manpower required, maintenance cost, etc. But primarily it's just a big, big step up in efficiency.  And the project at Counce is much smaller but, again, we have the ability with almost basically the same amount of steam to produce a lot more electricity. And what's going on in the country, there's a lot of utilities that simply can't get a coal-fired power plant permitted. We think with government incentives for utilities to burn more wood instead of coal, the cost of that - it's more expensive to burn wood than coal; probably today it's twice as expense - and the utilities will have no recourse but to pass that onto the consumer. We're a consumer. And so we see escalating electricity prices and that's why if things go the way we think now is the opportune time to become self-sufficient in electricity production at our big liner board mills.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: That makes sense, Paul, and that's been a theme you folks have been talking about, I guess, for the last quarter as well. That's helpful. Just out of curiosity, the net gas consumption in the quarter, then? If you're pretty much where you'd be, were you at 20% of total MMBTUs, just out of curiosity?
Paul T. Stecko: No. In our boiler it's virtually none. Boiler consumption, during the shutdown we may keep a pilot light in a boiler just for safety reasons, but we're - Rick can look up the number, George; as soon as we get it I'll come back on the line and report that number, but it's so small Rick can't even find it. 
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's fine. I'm just comparing it to what you have in your 10-Ks and 10-Qs. 
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, he just told me it's about 4% or 5% max, natural gas and fuel oil. And, again, a lot of that is for pilot lights; a lot of that's for when you start up you start up on some gas and oil. But the steady state numbers probably half that.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Switching gears to just the market, if we think about your operations and then maybe more broadly if you can thing about the industry, we're seeing steady progress. You haven't gotten to, as you put it, a blinding light type of environment, but what do you think about our ability to meet a potential demand surge down the road? Inventories are low; you've seen some stabilization in pricing.  Suppose, as strange as this might have sounded two or three months ago, suppose you see a demand surge and you start to see some pricing pickup, how do you think your operations could handle that kind of environment a la, say, 2004 and the same, for that matter, from an industry standpoint?
Paul T. Stecko: Well, the situation's a lot different - well, let's put it's a lot different than 1995, when demand really took off, because the industry didn't have any capacity. The situation here, let me comment on inventories. I did read in a trade publication the other day and they're talking about industries - they're a little lower than last year. And that's the mother of all understatements. They're at a 30-year low. And so, yes, they're lower than last year, but a 30-year low it's, you know, every 30 years you get below that. I mean, it's a long time. So inventories are incredibly low; they're not just a little lower than last year, in my opinion. But I think the good news is if there is a surge in demand the industry only ran at a 91% operating rate last month, 85%, so the industry has capacity, we have capacity - we ran at 91% - so if our demand picked up 9%, which would be obviously a mammoth increase, we have the capacity to handle that. So the situation that's different is if the industry was running at 98% at this inventory level, I think that would be more cause for concern than when you've got some room in your operating rates, and we certainly do.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Paul, last one and I'll turn it over. Realizing it's tough to project into the future in these businesses, if you keep at this run rate that you're running at in July, are we looking at year-on-year increases in volumes by the time we get into the fourth quarter?
Paul T. Stecko: You mean for the year or just for the third quarter over the second quarter?
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Either third quarter versus third quarter or fourth quarter versus fourth quarter, when do you think we finally see an actual percentage of positive increase in shipments?
Paul T. Stecko: I don't know. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you give us a little bit of color on that export market, including the export prices? I mean, it seems to me it's kind of interesting that export volumes seem to be picking up at a time when we still see trade papers report very low export prices, so I'd just like to get your perspective on that.
Paul T. Stecko: Well, you know, yes, I saw a piece you wrote this morning and I think you got it just right when you talked about the weak dollar helping. And so I certainly think over the last few months the dollar weakening after getting real strong - well, not real strong but relatively - has helped the export business.  And, you know, there are other countries that have stimulus programs and some of those countries' stimulus programs actually appear to be working better than ours. And that's helped with the export business.  So it's just picked up and I think it's a combination of those things. Other countries have done things to stimulate their economy; they're working, to some extent, just like ours is working to some extent. And the weaker dollar certainly makes you more competitive in export markets. I think it's a combination of those two things.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then you talked about the projects, the energy projects, at the two Southern mills, but I wondered if you could just update us on any thoughts at the two Northern mills, including that bio refinery up at Siler City?
Paul T. Stecko: Sure. Well, you know, the Northern mills, the two medium mills, consume a lot less electricity than the big Southern mills, primarily because SemiCam is SemiCam; it's not cooked fully. You use probably in a typical SemiCam furnace 40% OCC. It's a blend of the two. So your energy needs are lower.  And we do not generate as much electricity ourself; we tend to buy more in the Northern mills simply because of their size and the fact that they don't have recovery boilers that can churn out loads and loads of energy. But the bio refinery is doing well. The one thing - I wouldn't call it a disappointment, it's just economic fact - we have not ramped it up. You know, we were sitting at about 70% of capacity this time last year and we're still running it at about 70% of capacity, not that it can't run more but the price of OCC got so inexpensive that it made sense to use more OCC than produce bio gas from liquor. And it looks like that situation is turning, with OCC going to now be probably over $100 a ton in the third quarter, and we're looking forward to ramping that thing up and getting to 100%. With regard to Tomahawk, I would just comment that as a result of wood costs in that part of the world, upgrades on a wood waste boiler that we're looking at, we're pretty optimistic about the cost for Tomahawk. Last quarter our cash costs at Tomahawk were the lowest in the last five years as a combination of those things.  So it's not as dramatic a picture on energy in the Northern mills just because they're medium mills, but we're fairly pleased with the progress we've been able to make. 
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: I was kind of surprised in your comments on virgin fiber because some of the trade papers are actually showing a reduction in Southern pulp wood costs over the last couple of quarters and it doesn't sound like you're seeing that. Are there contractual arrangements that are making things a little different for you? Do you think the trade papers are a little bit off there? What's the situation?
Paul T. Stecko: No, you know, it's a very regional thing. I think you have to look at where you started and where you are. You want to try to keep your loggers - prices fell. Our prices fell, then they went back up. I think the one thing that has affected our wood costs and maybe more than others is that we had some very, very bad weather in the South in April and May in terms of rain, wet weather, etc., and with the sustainable forestry initiative, it's much harder, if you want to comply with that and we certainly do, to get into woods too quickly after wet weather, get too close to streams that may have overflowed, and so wet weather can increase your costs.  But I don't see anything contractually. We don't have a lot of wood under long-term contract. We float with the market. I think it's just where you are in the region. At one time one region's a little lower in cost than the other. And it's hard to pick a point in time and compare companies because they come at it in different ways.  So ours is flat. We're pretty happy where they were a year ago and we're pretty happy that they've stayed where they were. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: Paul, I don't think I've ever heard you sound as bullish as you sound right now.  A couple of questions. First on the balance of internal and external sales, can you help us understand where that is. You like to sell into the outside market and I'm just curious where that balance sits today and whether it's where you'd like it to be given how cruddy the economy is.
Paul T. Stecko: Our basic balance has always been rough number about 18%, 18% to 20% of our sales go to outside. And usually it's been two-thirds domestic, one-third export, and that's where it is basically now.  In the export market we're not as big a spot player as others. We try to have a longer-term relationships. Some of the things we like to sell, because we have capabilities and there's not as much supply in some of these products, super heavyweights, for example. We also sell some specialty product, a very high quality, to Japan, for example, where some of the requirements are exacting. But our biggest markets have historically been Europe and South America. We do sell some product into China. And obviously, of all the markets I've mentioned, Europe has been by far the weakest because of severe over capacity on the continent. So that would be the only noteworthy thing; we are selling less into Europe than we have historically.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: You don't typically tend to give us a whole lot of color on the changes in your mix, but I'm curious with the 10% volume pickup, how much of that is simply increases in volumes on existing orders from existing customers and how much is that, you know, relatively new-ish orders if you'd think about it that way? I'm just trying to get a sense of who's doing the order.
Paul T. Stecko: The overwhelming majority of our increase in volume is more business from existing customers. They've added more business, they need more boxes, we sell them more boxes. That would be the vast majority of our increase in demand over the last three months.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: And just one last question and I'm sorry to beat a dead horse here, but on the virgin fiber issue we're seeing the same thing, with utilities looking more heavily towards solid fuel, and that suggests that at some point there's some fiber competition out there. Just specifically in the baskets where you're operating, are you seeing any of that that's going to start competing with you for wood?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I think we certainly are, as others are. And where wood grows the fastest is in the U.S. Southeast; that's where all the big liner board mills are and that's where some of these utilities are contemplating adding capacity burning wood. One of the things that the AF&PA has stressed in terms of some of these incentives for people, particularly utilities, to burn wood instead of coal and get credits for that, we think that incentives need also to be placed on the supply side as well as the demand side, and that is incentives to encourage people, including utilities, to give incentives to people that are growing and selling trees because you want to try to obviously keep supply and demand in balance or the price of wood will go up and it will go up preferentially in regions. And those costs have to be passed on, obviously, to the consumer and obviously it's a lot easier for a utility to do that than it is for a paper company. 
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: But it didn't sound from your earlier comments, Paul, that you're that worried about virgin fiber price pressure.
Paul T. Stecko: In the short term, I was talking, they have stayed the same and I expect them to stay the same. You're talking about a longer-term phenomenon over the next decade, and I think that what you're talking about will certainly put pressure on the price of wood over the next decade. So I was speaking strictly in the - you know, we're talking quarter to quarter here; you're talking about a decade-long phenomenon.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Dan Wewer] - Morningstar.
Dan Wewer - Morningstar: I'd like to ask a question about your fiber flexibility. As the virgin versus recycled fiber cost differential has varied over the past several quarters and the tax benefits of virgin have come into play, how much have you adjusted your fiber content? Are you still in the range of around, I think it was 17% net recycled in '08?
Paul T. Stecko: We were higher than that in the first four or five months of the year in terms of we flexed up to about 25% using more OCC because it was at 15-year lows in prices. Now that it's up over $100, we're flexing back down towards the 17% number. And that's strictly an economic trade-off. When it was real cheap we used it; when it gets expensive, we try to use as little as possible.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management.
Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management: I heard you say that your total long-term debt was $658 million but I apologize that I missed, I think, something you said right before that, which may have been current portion of debt, or is that the whole thing, $658 million?
Richard B. West: That's the full amount.
Paul T. Stecko: That's the full amount. Let me see; I've got my notes here. 
Richard B. West: We included in that amount, Andy, of $658 million our asset securitization on our receivables, which is about $109 million that we turn over every month. But we consider that as part of our long-term debt because we keep it, so that's the amount. 
Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management: So that includes any current portion. 
Richard B. West: That's correct.
Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management: So that means that your net debt at the end of the quarter was $465 million and if you include the fact that the government owes you $61 million then your net debt is $404 million. And the last time your debt was that low - 
Paul T. Stecko: What, do you need a loan, Andy? Is that what you're getting at here?
Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management: I mean, your debt hasn't even been that low; on my spreadsheet there's nothing that's ever been that low. And I guess it's going to be lower at the end of the - I mean, now is when you start to really flow cash, in the third and fourth quarter. So would you care to give us any idea of how low that number could get this year? And then the second part of the question is when you'd start spending the money on the $200 million worth of capital projects that you talked about?
Paul T. Stecko: As you know, Andy, we give guidance only a quarter in advance, so I can't handle the first part of your question. But we're not done studying the project yet, but we would envision possibly taking it to the Board in the fall, with spending in earnest starting in 2010. 
Andrew Fineman - Iridium Asset Management: So you don't want to talk about how the debt - but clearly it's going to be lower. I mean, if you're at $404 million now including the $61 million that you're going to get in tax reductions, then it's going to be lower than that this quarter, next quarter.
Paul T. Stecko: Well, for the third quarter obviously, if the guidance we gave came to fruition it would be lower, yes. You can do the math as well as I can.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Gentlemen, I'm showing no further questions.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay. Well, again, thanks, everyone for participating in the call and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Richard B. West – Chief Financial Officer  Mark W. Kowlzan – Senior Vice President of Containerboard
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research George Staphos - BAS-ML Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown Claudia Shenk Hueston - J.P. Morgan Mark Connelly - Stern Agee Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Peggy Bohn - Gusmer Enterprises 
Operator:  Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narrative there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead sir.
Paul T. Stecko:  Thank you and good morning and welcome to our earnings release call. With me on the call today is Rick West our CFO and Mark Kowlzan who runs our mill operations and the operator just said once I complete the prepared remarks I’ll be more than happy to entertain your questions. Yesterday we reported first quarter earnings of $26 million or $0.25 a share compared to 2008 earnings of $32 million or $0.31 a share. Net sales for the first quarter were $512 million compared to $577 million for the first quarter of 2008.  Our lower first quarter earnings were driven by the severe downturn in the economy which significantly lowered our containerboard and corrugated products volume and increased down time which reduced earnings by about $0.20 per share. In addition, higher costs for labor and benefits reduced earnings by about $0.03 a share and higher chemical costs reduced earnings by about $0.02 a share. These items were partially offset by higher pricing for containerboard and corrugated products which increased earnings by about $0.13 a share, and lower costs for recycled fiber and transportation which also increased earnings by $0.05 a share and $0.02 a share respectively. Our earnings were $0.05 a share higher than the guidance we gave at the beginning of the quarter. This was a direct result of our mills and box plants doing an exceptional job in managing and controlling costs while adapting to and running at significantly lower than normal operating rates. Our costs turned out to be between $0.01 and $0.02 per share lower than originally forecasted in seven different areas, namely transportation, chemicals, energy, wood, labor, repairs, and fixed costs.  Published prices for containerboard fell more than we anticipated during the quarter, but this decline had a much smaller effect on first quarter earnings than it will have unfortunately on the second quarter. What was disheartening for us is that our containerboard prices held quite steady until trade publications lowered their published prices each month, which we then had to react to, either contractually or otherwise. Our domestic containerboard shipments were down 18 thousand tons and export shipments were down 19 thousand tons compared to the first quarter of 2008. Our pure corrugated product shipments were down about 50 thousand tons or 12.6% and with one less work day this quarter, down 11.2% on a per work day basis compared to last year’s first quarter. Monthly volume comparisons are difficult to make this quarter because there are two less work days in January this year, one less work day in February, and then two less work days in March. On a per work day basis, February was a little worse than January but March picked up and was a little better than February. And March was also our best month on a total shipments basis. More importantly, April has started out much stronger for us with corrugated products bookings for the first ten days up almost 15% over March, and about equal with April, 2008. Shipments for the first ten days are up about 6.5% over March and are down less than 6% compared to last April. And usually billings will catch up with bookings over the course of the month, so starting up with billings up – excuse me, bookings up 15% is very, very positive for us. And this is really the first big pickup in demand that we’ve seen since September and hopefully it will continue. To keep our supply and demand balanced our mills ran at about 85% of capacity, reducing production by about 90 thousand tons to 515 thousand tons for the quarter. This was our lowest quarterly production since the first quarter of 2001.  Our containerboard inventories increased as planned by about 9 thousand tons during the quarter to help compensate for the loss of almost 40 thousand tons of containerboard production that we will incur in April, when we have our two largest mills, Counce and Tomahawk, down for their annual maintenance outages. Looking at costs, recycled fiber prices were down almost 60% compared to the first quarter of 2008, improving our earnings by about a nickel a share and down about 30% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Recycled fiber prices did go up during the quarter with March market prices up about $15 per ton over January.  Wood fiber costs were flat with last year’s first quarter but down 7% compared to the fourth quarter and by March were down 10% compared to the fourth quarter. With all the down time that’s being taken, the overall demand for wood is down so we are cutting out a large portion of our highest cost wood and running with significantly lower wood inventories. Purchased fuel costs were flat with last year’s first quarter but down about 11% compared to the fourth quarter. Electricity costs were actually up about 15% compared to last year’s first quarter, but were flat with the fourth quarter. Chemical costs, primarily caustic soda, were up about $0.02 per share over last year’s first quarter. We had fixed price contracts last year which allowed us to purchase caustic well below market. But with the new contracts in 2009, the price is now unfortunately at market. Higher labor and benefit costs reduced our first quarter earnings by about $0.03 a share compared to last year’s first quarter, with medical costs representing about half of this increase. Transportation costs were down about $0.02 a share compared to last year’s first quarter and down about $0.025 compared to the fourth quarter, driven by lower diesel costs and the availability of trucks being hired. Finally, higher net interest expense reduced earnings by about $0.015 a share, primarily from lower interest income on our cash investments. We completed our Valdosta mill annual outage during the quarter which included a major upgrade to the paper machine where we installed a new, state-of-the-art secondary head box and made major modifications and improvements to the [forger near]. These improvements allow us to run at much higher dilution levels, which significantly improves formation and sheet appearance. This, coupled with the fact that Valdosta is one of a very few mills that runs on a 100% pine, makes its sheet very attractive to customers, especially in some export markets. At Valdosta we also upgraded our combustion control capabilities on our large bark boiler and can now produce 20% more steam burning the same amount of bark before the upgrade. We were also able to reduce the maintenance cost of Valdosta’s annual outage by about three-quarters of $1 million by using market related down time to our advantage and spreading the annual outage out over 17 days versus a normal outage of 9 days. This eliminated the need for many outside contractors and greatly reduced costly overtime. Turning to cash and cash utilization, capital expenditures were $28 million during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $140 million cash on hand and that’s down only $9 million from year end, even with about $40 million in normal, beginning of the year cash payments the majority of which are annual one time payments. Our total availability liquidity at quarter end was $312 million including cash on hand and $172 million in borrowings available under our various credit facilities.  We have no long term debt maturities for the next five years with our $400 million of 5.75% notes due in 2013 and our $150 million in 6.5% notes due in 2018. Our total long term debt at quarter end excluding capital leases was $657 million net of debt discounts of $2 million. And significantly on April 15 we extended our credit agreement for our receivable securitization program which was scheduled to expire in September of this year to April 14, 2010. So from a financing point of view we’re pretty well set. Looking ahead to the second quarter, earnings are expected to be lower driven primarily by lower selling prices resulting from previously published changes in the prices for containerboard. We do expect lower input costs in some areas, particularly purchased fuels and wood fiber, as well as lower fuel usage with warmer weather. We also have three annual mill maintenance outages scheduled in the second quarter, which will complete our mill maintenance outages for the year. We’re also spreading our Counce, Tomahawk and Filer City outages over more days to take advantage of likely market related down time and again eliminate the need for a good portion of outside contractor work and expensive overtime. These maintenance outages will reduce our production by about 50 thousand tons, including 40 thousand tons in April with Counce and Tomahawk down and 10 thousand tons in May with Filer City down. Although we’ve seen a significant pickup in corrugated products demand so far in April, some market related mill down time is still likely. Considering these items, and with current economic conditions and the associated level of uncertainty, we estimate our second quarter earnings to be at about $0.15 per share.  Finally, on April the 14, 2009 we received notification from the Internal Revenue Service that our registration as an alternative fuel mixer has been approved. We began producing and consuming alternative fuels at our Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia mills on December 12, 2008. No potential benefits from the use of alternative fuels are included in our earnings guidance, and at this point in time we have no further details to report concerning this item. With that, I would be happy to entertain questions, but as always I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with this I would ask the Operator to open the phone lines and we would be happy to entertain any of your questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research:  Paul, I wanted to spend a little bit of time on the significant improvement in demand you’ve seen in April, the first part of April. Just a clarification, on the bookings and the billing, how many days would you have of each of those where you said they were up 15%?
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes, we have 10 days in April, which is basically half of the month. And I would amplify just a little bit. When this thing picked up it just picked up very quickly, and it actually started in the first week in April. And actually that also included the first week in April is on a Wednesday, that Monday and Tuesday were also very strong. So that whole week was the pickup. So this pickup has been really 12 days, 12 box plant days in duration. The last two days in March and then the next 12 days in April. So 10 days in April, but 10 days in April is the short answer to your question.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research:  I think you said that bookings were up 15% and billings were, it was a number less than that. Does the billings usually become equal to the bookings?
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes. A very high correlation. By the end of the month, the billings usually catch up with bookings. You know, basically how it works you book an order, you may ship it that day, you may ship it within two or three days or it may be as long as 10 days. And what the average is probably a five or six day lag from the time you book an order to the time you ship it. And usually there is a flop over. The last few days in March carry over into April billings, and the last few days in April carry into May billings. But the lag is a couple of days by the end of the month.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research:  And is this improvement you’re seeing, is it broad based or are you seeing some specific areas in particularly strong?
Paul T. Stecko:   No, it’s – I mean it’s like somebody turned the light switch on, Mark. You know, we’ve been booking in the let’s say mid-90s and 90 million feet a day, 95 million feet a day. We’d have some 80s on a bad day, maybe 105 on a good day. We’ve had some days into the 120 million foot range. So it’s been a big, big change and there’s nothing we can see except its pretty broad based.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research:  I know you’re not an economist, Paul, but do you have a sense as to the sustainability of this? Or what are you hearing from customers? Is it kind of just a little restocking going on or do you think that it’s a real inflection point?
Paul T. Stecko:   You said it best when you said I’m not an economist. We really don’t know except that the only other visibility that I have is that I do get data on cut up. In other words, I don’t have the actual sales beyond the first 10 days but I do have data on how much roll stock has been cut up in the box plants. And so I’ve probably got three, four, five more days’ data on that. That has remained strong. So at least for the next five days that’s going to translate into good shipments. But in terms of feedback from customers, no, it’s way too early. No, this thing’s going into its third week in terms of a pickup and I really don’t have – I wish I could amplify on why, is it sustainable? We’re just going to have to wait and hope this is the beginning of the pickup. But only time will tell.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research:  When you gave your earnings guidance, have you made any assumptions as to how sustainable this demand pickup is?
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes, we baked a little bit in there. Obviously you have to take a guess, but you are a – you know, you’re a little cautious with only three weeks worth of data is the best way I could put it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from George Staphos - BAS-ML.
George Staphos - BAS-ML: I just want to segue way then off of Marks’ question. If we think about the $0.15 guidance for 2Q relative to 1Q, could you roughly bridge or apportion the variance across some of the major categories, whether it be pricing or volume as you see it right now, realizing it’s not a guarantee.
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes, I would say there are two big negatives on the earnings that are going to take away from earnings. One is, you know, pulp and paper – the trade publications have brought the price down $60 on liner and $70 on medium. And you can do the math to figure out, you know, that is very, very significant. The other significant item is that due to the accounting changes with three shutdowns down we’re going to take a $0.03 hit more than normal on these maintenance outages. And the reason for that is you used to accrue the cost of them over the entire year. Now what you do is you can’t accrue anything until you take them, and then you accrue it the rest of the year. So we can only divide by 9 instead of 12 as they say, and we’ve got 3 of them this quarter. So that’s a $0.03 hit and that and price are the two biggest items that contribute to this decline. You know, we’ve got our shipments going up a little. We think our costs will continue to come down, so you can do the math and figure out yourself how big the price decline is going to do to get to the forecast that we have arrived at. Price is the biggest variable and that’s the swing variable.
George Staphos - BAS-ML:  At this juncture, the sequential improvement in cost would be a few pennies would you say?
Paul T. Stecko:   You’re in the right ballpark.
George Staphos - BAS-ML:  Now when we look at the first quarter and try to get at the $0.13 a share pickup in pricing that you got, you know if I just use the benchmarks realizing it’s not going to capture mix, I’d wind up more around $0.07 not $0.13. Can you give us some rough parameters around how you calculated that $0.13?
Paul T. Stecko:   George, that’s a long discussion that’s really – I don’t want to get that technical on this call. So if you call me back later we might be able to give you some updates on that, but, you know, there’s a lot of numbers that go into that. As you said spread, mix, things of that nature. So $0.13’s the number and I can give you some amplification later. 
George Staphos - BAS-ML:  Understand. Two last –
Paul T. Stecko:   I have a call. Last question. I’m trying to limit it so we get as many people on as possible.
George Staphos - BAS-ML:  Maybe then on the demand question again, if you’re not sure whether it’s restocking or truly your customers thinking there’s a pickup in consumption, do you think that you’re doing any differently from what you can see, which maybe you might not have 100% visibility on, relative to your peers? In other words, are you gaining share or are your customers gaining share? Or do you know at this juncture?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, our volume was down 1% in the first quarter compared to the industry. So in terms of that, you know, that’s a very small loss in share compared to the industry. I personally think, you know, I don’t know if [de-stocking’s] involved, but it’s been five months now, six months since this thing turned down. I think people are still cautious and I think they’re ordering to meet their demand. And so I would think it’s a pickup in demand as opposed to some restocking. But I don’t know that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse:  Hey, I’m just doing a little math. I just want to confirm, you’re sort of signaling that your maintenance down time might be in the ballpark of 50 thousand tons this quarter?
Paul T. Stecko:   I’m not signaling – I like that word, signaling. I’m stating we’re going to have 50 thousand tons of maintenance down time this quarter.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse:  Now obviously, you know, that this burst of activity you can’t extrapolate as you mentioned, but is there any chance that you would have to cut back you think if this level of demand continued say through May at this rate?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, I don’t think so because our outside shipments will be down this quarter in terms of both export and domestic and we’ve already completed one of the shutdowns, which is the Counce shutdown. That’s the big one. And Tomahawk’s already down. And so one of the things that we did is we were careful enough to build about 9 thousand tons of inventory going into these shutdowns just in case things pick up a little. And they did pick up. Now they picked up more than we thought, but I think we’ll be okay and if things stay the same or hopefully even get stronger, then the need for any market related down time will diminish later in the quarter. We’ve got enough paper to get through this.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse:  And you mentioned your outside shipments will be down. Is that year-to-year or versus the first quarter?
Paul T. Stecko:   Versus the first quarter.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse:  You mentioned you thought – your gut feeling is that most of this pick up is actually underlying demand versus say your customers rebuilding inventories. What makes you think that?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, they’ve ordered at a steady pattern for about six months, and that would indicate that they have reached a steady state. You know, it fell; they lowered their inventories; and then demand has just bounced on the bottom now. You know, December, January, February and March. And so to me that signals [bounce] steady state. They have synchronized supply and demand in their business, and the only thing that I can think of where they’d make a precipitous increase would be the fact that their demand had picked up. The other time you’d get this is that when people think there’s going to be a price increase they order like crazy. That isn’t the case. So that’s how I arrive at – that’s my theory anyway, Chip. I might be right, I might be wrong, but I think we’ve been at steady state and that’s how I arrive at what I’m guessing at if you will.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: More to the point, the fact that you were in front of a pulp and paper decline and they’re ordering like this.
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes. I mean – or things are tighter out there than pulp and paper would lead you to believe.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs:  Just to clarify on the volume pick up comment that you made, how much normally would you see March to April from a seasonal standpoint? And then secondly, have you won any new business that would be reflected in that volume pick up in April?
Paul T. Stecko:   The first question, very little pick up normally. I went back a matter of fact and looked at that a couple of days ago when these numbers were going crazy how much did it go up. And since 2000, that’s as far as I went back, our volume picks up about 2% to 2.5% between March and April. So not very much compared to the magnitude of the numbers that we’re seeing. And in terms of new business, you know, we gain business, we lose business, but not a big change. As a matter of fact for the first quarter our volume was 1% less than the industry’s. So it’s not – I think it’s related more to the market than our performance and I think when other people report we’ll know the answer to that question.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs:  One separate topic if I might, just import export. Do you think that there’s a long term change in the export markets for your business? And separately, are you seeing any inflow of imports coming in from potentially Europe on the end of the open market?
Paul T. Stecko:   No, export markets have been hurt by the worldwide recession also. And the problem with exports is customers overseas need less paper than they did six months ago, and that’s affecting export business all over the world. I’d say export businesses, you know, it stayed the same which is weak for about the last four months. And I think it will pick up when the general world economy picks up.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs:  And imports? Are you seeing much in the way of imports coming in?
Paul T. Stecko:   No. The numbers last month there was 2 thousand tons of imported paper coming into this country. That’s down 50% from February when only 4 thousand tons came in. So basically despite what people may indicate, I always like to go with the numbers and the numbers said only 2 thousand tons came in last month. That’s not very much paper.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown:  First, you know, one of your biggest competitors is in Chapter 11 right now. Any thoughts on sort of what impact that’s had on the business to this point if any?
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes. Sure. No, I really don’t have any thoughts. I really don’t want to comment about somebody in bankruptcy, what it could mean or not mean. Our business has been pretty stable. As I said earlier where our volume was off 1% compared to the industry, you know, we’re not out beating the bushes for new business. In terms of that is where we’re going to make our money when demand is way off. We focused on costs. So when your focus is as strong on costs, we really have not seen anything that would give us cause for alarm in that regard. And I think what we need – the two things that give us cause for alarm is when’s this economy going to pick up and when’s this price going to stop falling. And those two things are what we’ve got – they’re going to help us more than anybody in or out of bankruptcy.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown:  Second question and this just on Packaging Corp., if we take a couple of steps back when you came public about nine years ago, lots of people talked about you being a consolidatee not a consolidator, and in the time that’s passed the industry’s consolidated. Looks like it’s going to continue to consolidate. But you’ve got this high margin niche strategy which seems kind of a tough fit for the bigger players. So if we take consolidation off the table, what’s the strategy that we’re likely to see Packaging Corp. pursue over the next five years? Are you going to continue to just focus on cash flow off of the existing business? Or are there some moves that could help the company accelerate its’ own growth?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, we were formed in 1999, we really only had one objective. And that was to create shareholder value in whatever manner it was the best. And we concluded that the best way to do that is not by growing, not by doing this or that, but by having high profitability. And that’s what we focused on. So going forward we’re going to maintain our strategy, high profitability business and we think that’s the best vehicle to create shareholder value.  And one of the reasons, you know, we’ve made some acquisitions primarily on the box plant side, which have contributed nicely to our margins and profitability. And, you know, we will continue in that vein. And if something bigger and better came along, it’s got to pass just one test. Does it add to or take away from our profitability? And we are not consumed with any need to grow or not grow. We’re consumed with the need to increase our profitability, and that’s as simply put as I can put it.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown:  Is there much more business out there, kind of high margin business, that would kind of fit with your existing portfolio?
Paul T. Stecko:   The short answer to that is yes, but it’s when you say out there the reason that our margins tend to be higher than some others is that we have a strategy that provides value to our customers. And if we can continue increase the value we provide to them, we sell them more than just a plain brown box be it features, be it service requirements, be it capabilities, etc., etc. If you can create value that your customers appreciate and count on, you can get compensated for that value. So it’s just not that there’s people, pieces of business out there that are higher value than others. You have an opportunity to create value for your existing customers. And I think as Bill Sweeney said many times on these calls, our biggest growth vehicle is with existing customers as opposed to new customers in terms of instead of having half their business we have it all because we’ve demonstrated to them we can create value for them. So you can make this kind of business; it just takes a lot of time and perseverance to get there. But there’s enough room for us to grow.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Claudia Shenk Hueston - J.P. Morgan.
Claudia Shenk Hueston - J.P. Morgan:  Maybe just building off of Mark’s question, can you maybe just comment a little bit on your priorities for cash, how you’re thinking about buybacks and acquisitions and [inaudible] cash on hand at this point?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, we think cash is king. I have to admit I feel a little better than I did two or three weeks ago before things look like they may be picking up. But you know we did reduce our dividend to $0.60. Our strategy going forward is to maintain the maximum financial and strategic flexibility we can, to be able to take advantage of whatever faces us ahead. So in the short term, until we see a clear direction of where this economy is going, we will continue to accumulate cash. When we think we know where this economy is going, we’ll begin to make some decisions as to what is the best use of that cash, be it reinstate or increase dividend, share buyback, strategic acquisitions that may provide very, very good profitability to us. But as they say we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Claudia Shenk Hueston - J.P. Morgan:  And then just your CapEx in the quarter was a little bit higher than what I was expecting, but obviously you had that big project at Valdosta. Are you still comfortable with sort of $90 million or so for the year?
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes we are. And one of the reasons, you’ll see high CapEx this quarter also is that we front loaded this year all four of our annual outages. And so when you’re down that’s the time to do those projects, under the cover of annual mill maintenance down time. So that’s one of the reasons that we’ll be skewed a little more to the front of the year than the back.  The other reason is you get a return on these projects, so if you do them up front you’ll get more of a return during the year. So this year our first two quarters will be higher than normal just for those reasons.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Connelly - Stern Agee.
Mark Connelly - Stern Agee:  Coming back to your customers, you talked a lot about your side and the [inaudible] but can you talk about what your customers are experiencing out there? You know, in the past you’ve always reminded us that your customers aren’t immune to the economic trends, but your average customer does tend to be smaller. Are they seeing a different trend in your mind than larger customers are in this market? Is the quality of your accounts receivable book any different? And then my second question is you know you spent the last several years benefiting substantially from all the investments you made in advance in energy flexibility, and I’m wondering sort of what’s next on your plate for positioning yourself for the next five years.
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes. With regard to the customers, I think in general it depends on the industry they’re in. I think in the food and food service packaging those customers have been hurt the least by the recession. Then if you get into customers that are more in automotive or building products that we sell to, our shipments to them have been down 40, 50% opposed to maybe 5, 6% in food service. So it’s a function of what industry they’re in. I don’t think it’s near a function of whether they’re a big company or a small company, because we also sell to some very, very big companies. We just don’t have a big position with those companies. But even big companies could constitute 1 or 1.5% of our sales.  So I think it’s more industry specific than size of company specific. You know, in regard to energy we’re about done doing what we can do in terms of we had a portfolio of very high return projects and basically we’re through with the first phase in that – with this Counce boiler rebuild on the bark boiler this past quarter, we’re down to as low a fossil fuel level as is possible in our system.  What’s next for us is we’d like to increase over the next five years our ability to generate more electricity. We generated about half ourself. We purchased the other half. I’d like to maybe get that number up to say 50 to 75% and we have some projects that we’re looking at. We may over the next five years add another recovery boiler to the system, take out maybe two or we have an opportunity at Valdosta to shut down two boilers and replace them with one. That’s something we’ll look at over the next five years. That additional incremental steam would then, you know, we’d get about a 40% efficiency improvement in steam generation from the same amount of liquor, which would then translate into more electricity production. And one thing that I did mention on the call was that although our energy costs were down, electricity was up 15% year-over-year. And we think with what’s going on in the world, you know, you cannot get a coal fired utility plant permitted these days as they’re backed up because of the changes in some of the environmental laws and the carbon dioxide and carbon credits, etc. And so we think it’s the time to be prepared to try to get ahead of the curve on electricity like we got a little bit ahead of the curve on some of these other things.
Mark Connelly - Stern Agee:  And just the question on accounts receivable quality, has that deteriorated?
Paul T. Stecko:   No, surprisingly not and I’m knocking on wood because that is something that you would suspect that could be the next shoe to drop, not only in our business but across industry. But it’s held up – it’s better than we thought it would. We had some reserves. We have reserves for those things. But so far so good. 
Mark Connelly - Stern Agee:  I’m sure Rick deserves all the credit for that.
Paul T. Stecko:   More than me, I’ll tell you that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: Paul, you’ve talked about the trade publications bringing down their index prices for containerboard and that started since December. What – if we look at this on a monthly basis, what for you is the typical lag time for that to work itself into boxes?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, it varies all over. We’re only about 30% national account business, and the other 70% is local business and a lot of that is not on contract. It’s on purchase order. And these are negotiable items, so it’s months not weeks. Let’s put it that way. And that probably is as detailed an answer as I’m going to give on that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I have two quick questions. First of all, can you point to any specific segments of the economy that account for that 15% uptick in April?
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes, food and food service packaging because it’s 50% of our business and if that wasn’t up then the rest of it couldn’t bring it along. Other than that, no, I don’t have any more specifics to give.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.:  And my second question I guess is a bit like Josh’s. The relationship with Pulp and Paper Week just seems absurd. You’ve got – presumably you guys don’t give them a lot of data, the buyers certainly are happy to gain the system and drive pricing down. When is that linkage going to end? Is there anything you can do about it?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, they do surveys and what do you mean by linkage?
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.:  The linkage insofar as it doesn’t sound like your customers were giving you great pressure to reduce prices, but as soon as it’s published in Pulp and Paper Week the tail’s wagging the dog and you’ve got to lower prices contractually.
Paul T. Stecko:   Yes. About the only comment I will make in that regard is when you read what they say, most of the data they use comes from the East Coast and we have provided them information that we think it would be more accurate if the survey involved more customers as opposed to the same ones that are concentrated in the East Coast that rely on a lot of recycled paper that may not be typical of what we think are market conditions. And that’s about all we can do is request that they do broader surveys to get more accurate information. And I’d like to leave it at that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peggy Bohn - Gusmer Enterprise.
Peggy Bohn - Gusmer Enterprises: You had said that your caustic soda pricing last year was below market price, but that unfortunately your contract for this year is at market price. Is that due to not as good negotiating or what can you say about that?
Paul T. Stecko:   Well, I guess you could call it that. No, they expire. We had contracts that expired that were long term and when they expired and caustic soda had tripled in price, it’s a little harder for my purchasing guy to negotiate, but I’ll pass your comment on to him. But that’s basically it. We had very, very favorable contracts that unfortunately expired.
Operator:  And sir I’m showing no further questions.
Paul T. Stecko:   Thank you. Melissa and I thank everybody for participating on the call and hopefully when we talk in three months the pick up we’ve seen so far has sustained itself, but time will tell. Thank you much.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Richard B. West – Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President William J. Sweeney – Executive Vice President Corrugated Products
Analysts: Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse George Staphos – Bank of America Securities Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities Claudia Hueston – J. P. Morgan [Andrew Fineman – Aradion Asset Management] 
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narrative there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Stecko.
Paul T. Stecko : I appreciate you tuning in to our earnings release call. On the call with me today is Rick West, our CFO, Bill Sweeney who runs our corrugated products business. As the operator just said, once we complete the formal part of the presentation we’ll be more than glad to take your questions. I’ve got a slight bit of laryngitis so Rick’s going to help me through some of this script and I am going to let him start it off and then I am going to pick it up.
Richard B. West : Yesterday we reported fourth quarter earnings of $30 million or $0.30 per share. This compares to record 2007 fourth quarter earnings of $44 million or $0.42 per share. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $546 million compared to $580 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Full year net income was $136 million or $1.31 per share. Full year net sales for 2008 and 2007 were $2.36 billion and $2.32 billion respectively. Despite unusually high cost inflation in the first half of the year and the severe economic downturn in the fourth quarter this is our second best earnings year excluding a large timberland sale in 2000 since becoming a standalone company in 1999. The only year with higher earnings was 2007 at $170 million or $1.61 per share.  The lower fourth quarter earnings this year were driven by the severe downturn in the economy that significantly lowered our sales volume, led to record production down time in our mills and increased operating costs all of which reduced earnings by about $0.21 per share. In addition, higher costs for energy, chemicals and labor and benefits taken together reduced earnings by about $0.11 per share.  These items were partially offset by higher pricing for container board and corrugated products that improved earnings by about $0.18 per share and a lower tax rate which improved earnings by $0.03 per share. We’ll break down some of these numbers further a little later in the presentation. Now, I’ll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul T. Stecko : This past quarter was also the most difficult quarter PCA has faced operationally. Corrugated product shipments were down about 50,000 tons or 9.9% both in total and on a per work day basis compared to last year’s fourth quarter. The number of work days were the same as last October but we had two less work days this November and had two more work days in December making it very difficult to assess shipments by month either using a per work day or a total shipment basis. Nevertheless, our total corrugated product shipments were down 7.7% in October, down 19.6% in November and down only 1.7% in December. I don’t think November was as bad as the total shipments would suggest nor do I feel December was as good but, December was certainly a lot better in total volume up 6.5% over November. Higher total shipments in December over November is quite rare for us and the industry happening only one other time in the last 10 years. For the year, corrugated product shipments were down 2.9% and on a per work day basis with one more work day down 3.3%. Our outside container board sales were also down significantly from last year’s fourth quarter with domestic container board shipments down 27,000 tons and export shipments down 8,000 tons.  To match supply with lower demand we lowered mill operating rates reducing production 10,000 tons in October, 35,000 tons in November and 45,000 tons in December or a total of 90,000 tons for the quarter. This is by far the most down time our mills have ever taken in any quarter for any reason, annual outages or marketing related, dropping mill production to only 533,000 tons.  Overall, our system operated at about 85% of capacity during the quarter but, we were able to end the year with our container board inventories 2,000 tons lower than last year. I mentioned earlier that higher corrugated and container board pricing improved our earnings by about $0.18 a share over last year’s fourth quarter.  As we reported in our third quarter earnings call, our August box price increase was essentially completed by October 1st so we were able to achieve a full quarter’s price realization in the fourth quarter. This along with an outstanding job managing costs during our slow backs and shutdowns in our mills and in our box plants were major reasons why we were able to earn $0.30 per share this quarter.  Looking at some individual costs, total fiber costs were flat. Recycled fiber prices were down about 40% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007 improving our earnings by about $0.03. But, wood fiber costs were higher reducing earnings by the same $0.03 per share compared to last year. Our wood fiber costs did go down as the quarter progressed however with December wood prices about 4% less than the third quarter average.  This is somewhat unusual as wood costs historically go up in December as producers try to build winter inventories. But, with all the down time we were able to cut out a large portion of our highest cost wood and still maintain adequate wood inventories. Looking at energy and energy related costs, transportation costs were up only $0.01 per share compared to last year’s fourth quarter reflecting both lower diesel costs and the availability of more trucks with the economic downturn. Our fuel costs were up about $0.03 per share over last year’s fourth quarter and electricity costs were up about $0.01 per share. We realized only modest improvement from lower natural gas and fuel oil prices because of our low usage and in the second quarter with natural gas prices continuing to increase we did purchase physical contracts with national gas suppliers to deliver some of our natural gas at a set price for the second half of 2008.  Compared to today’s natural gas prices, our fuel costs were about $0.015 higher in the fourth quarter because of the higher costs of our contracts. Chemical costs were up about $0.03 per share over last year’s fourth quarter and that was primarily caustic soda. We do not see chemical costs coming down much in the short term as caustic soda continues to be in short supply. Higher labor and benefits costs reduced fourth quarter earnings by about $0.03 with medical costs representing $0.01 of this cost increase. Rick, I’ll turn it over to you to get through some of the other financial information.
Richard B. West : Our tax rate was lower than this year’s fourth quarter than last year which benefited earnings by $0.03 per share. Also higher interest expense reduced earnings by $0.02 per share primarily from lower interest income on our cash investments and we also had charges of $0.02 per share for higher legal and bad debt reserves compared to last year. Finally, earnings benefited by about $0.02 per share because the higher than normal LIFO inventory valuation charge that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2007 did not repeat this year.  Turning to cash utilization, capital expenditures were $35 million for the quarter and for the year cap ex was $133 million. During the fourth quarter we repurchased 1,122,000 shares of our common stock for $20 million at an average price of $18.11 per share. We ended the year with $149 million cash on hand. We have $109 million drawn on our $150 million on balance sheet receivables credit facility and our $150 million bank revolver remains undrawn except for $20 million in letters of credit. We have no long term debt maturities for five years with our $400 million and 5.75% notes due 2013 and our $150 million and 6.5% note due in 2018. Our total long term debt at year-end excluding capital leases was $657 million net of debt discounts of $2 million. At year-end the average cash interest rate on all of our debt was 5.5% which equates to only $36 million in annual interest expense.  Looking ahead to the first quarter, we will take our Valdosta mill down in February for its annual maintenance outage. Normally, this would be an eight day outage but, with anticipated market related down time we are spreading this outage to 16 days to eliminate the need for outside contractors and expensive overtime and will do most of the work required with our own employees. It takes longer this way but the labor cost savings helps to significantly reduce the cost of our total down time. Our Counce mill is normally down in the first quarter also but the timing of equipment deliveries for a major energy savings project required us to move the Counce outage to April. We also expect lower container board and corrugated product sales volumes and significant production downtime with increased costs until the economy improves. Energy usage will be higher with colder weather and we also expect higher chemical costs.  Certain timing related benefit costs are the highest in the first quarter and we expect a higher tax rate. Finally, we should see some benefit from lower transportation and wood fiber costs. With current economic conditions and the associated level of uncertainty, we estimate our first quarter earnings to be about $0.20 per share.  With that, we’d be happy to take any questions but, as always I must remind you that we made some forward-looking statements on this call. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that I would ask the operator to open the phone lines and we’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: My question is about your customer base it’s got a couple of parts, we think of your customer base as being comprised of smaller [inaudible] orders, can you talk about the relative cyclicality you see in your customer base versus the industry data that you’re looking at? Can you also comment on the relative credit quality of your account receivables right now?
Paul T. Stecko : Let me comment, in terms of the customer base we don’t only deal with small companies, we do a lot of business with big companies but we simply have a smaller share of that business in terms of business that we think there are hard to do things where we can get an adequate price for what we provide. We do a lot of business with a lot of big companies we just don’t have large positions in a particular company except for a few. With regard to cyclicality basically we’re seeing across the board in the bulk of our business which is food and food service it’s down about half as much, down maybe 5%. But, when you get in to troubled industries, building products, automotive, you’re looking at 30%, 40%, 50% declines. So, when you average those you jump up to maybe the 10% down in terms of our volume. It’s not really dramatically different than the industry. You lead me to a good point, in November and October, on average we were down 13.5%. The industry was only down 11.5% so pretty close. I think the encouraging thing that I’ve seen is that as I said in the call, our December volume was up 6.5% over November and if the industry volume follows, in other words they keep the correlation with us as they did in October/November, then that would bode for a pretty good inventory reduction that could occur in December because not only is production down 340,000, 350,000 tons, demand on a total volume basis could actually turn out to be up 100,000, 150,000 tons if that correlation continues. But, we’ll have to wait a little while to get those numbers. We’re not really that dramatically different than the industry it’s just we don’t have a lot of large positions in a lot of companies. 
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: Paul, should I infer from those comments then that your customer base didn’t change much in December, that you didn’t pick up a lot of new customers?
Paul T. Stecko : Very little, very little. Basically our fall off in volume came from existing customers basically ordering 10% less than they use to because their business is off roughly 10%. There is very little turn over in customers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from George Staphos – Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos – Bank of America Securities: If we can go back to the more consumer packaged goods types of markets and then you mentioned food and food services. I guess food and food service, it makes sense in terms of why it would be down but what are your more staple oriented customers saying about way their seeing demand down? Is the consumer continuing to just take inventory down within the pantry? And, how long do they think these -5% growth rates in food and related might continue, any sense? Then similarly, you gave some directional guidance, what do you think early January trends or what are you seeing in early January trends thus far within the business? Then, a couple of follow ons.
Paul T. Stecko : The first part of that question is pretty easy, there’s no consensus, every customer has an opinion about their business and where things are going. I would say the general consensus is basically what you’re reading in all the surveys and the paper, the first half of this year could be slow and people hope things are going to pick up in the second half. I’m not hearing anything out of the ordinary in that regard from our customers.  There’s really not much insight simply because you don’t know if and when another shoe is going to drop that will disturb the economy and that’s the big unknown. With regard to the second part of your question, I have nine days worth of data for January. Through the first nine work days our bookings are off 7.5% from last year and our billings are off 10% from last year. So, if you average the two it gives you probably a pretty good proxy of where the month is going. We’re about 8.5% off on a per work day basis. That’s 3% better than December. Now, does that mean things have gotten better? I really don’t know because with the long Christmas break and New Years, people may have had to catch up quickly or it may be a pick up. But, the numbers are the numbers and when you average the two we’re about 3% better than we were in December.
George Staphos – Bank of America Securities: Paul, when you look at inventories maybe two questions again one macro and one more micro, at least sector specific within container board. What you’re saying suggests that your customers are likely to continue to take their inventories down and then perhaps consumption – 
Paul T. Stecko : Well, I didn’t say that.
George Staphos – Bank of America Securities: From the consumer is holding – 
Paul T. Stecko : George, I didn’t say that. I never said our customers were taking their inventories down.
George Staphos – Bank of America Securities: Not of your boxes but of what they have in the supply chain to retailers.
Paul T. Stecko : I didn’t say that. I’m not say it’s true or not true. I really don’t know. My own guess is they’ve got their inventories where they need to be and they are just matching their supply with demand. So, I don’t think we’re going through an inventory reduction, I think people are there already and it’s just matching supply and demand. That’s my opinion because I don’t know for certain.
George Staphos – Bank of America Securities: Within container board and then I’ll turn it over, we’ve got production down whatever 300,000, 350,000 tons, exports are obviously not doing that great right now, you’ve got a day or two – 
Paul T. Stecko : George, you said they’re not doing that great, they were only off 18,000 tons November over December. To me, that was a surprisingly good number. 
George Staphos – Bank of America Securities: Directionally, they’re not as strong as where they had been but, I guess the point I’m getting at is you have an extra day or two of cut up, you have production down, could inventories drop in the system 100,000 or 200,000 tons in December when we’re all said and done?
Paul T. Stecko : The data that is out so far and we only have certain amounts of it is we know the production is off, I don’t have the numbers in front of me but roughly 350,000 tons. In exports, when you take them, that’s probably 20,000 that they’re down so knock 20,000 off that number, you still get to a net supply down 330,000 tons. Now, you’ve got to guess where demand is and the only data point that I have is our demand was up 6.5% in December versus November.  That was driven not by per work day numbers but by the fact as you said there were two more days of production. But nevertheless, our cut up was up 6.7% in December. Now, if the industry follows that and I don’t have any idea if they will then that would translate in to increased demand of 130,000, 140,000 tons. You add those together and taken together you get up to a number like 400,000, 420,000 tons and then you’ve got to adjust by the fact that inventories went up in November so that knocks about 80,000 off.  But, I think it’s possible again, if industry numbers are compatible with ours and they have been actually a little bit better than ours the last two months. Then, it could be a 300,000 plus number. But, we’ll have to wait and see. There’s also year-end adjustments made, the way the numbers are done this is when you true up anything. But, we’ll have to wait for the FBA numbers before we know for certain.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Two quick ones, first of all just on capital spending do you have a budget you can share with us for ’09 yet?
Paul T. Stecko : Sure. We normally spend, and it’s been fairly consistent over the last 10, 11 years, about $110 million a year. Some years we’ve accelerated some projects and spent a little more, some years we spend a little less. From my earlier remarks, we spent about $20 million more this year to accelerate some projects. One of them was that big boiler project at Counce to improve the efficiency on that boiler, it has a very high return.  So, next year will be a lower spending year for us. Our target is $90 million which again about $20 million below the norm. 
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Second, can you give us any sense as to what you’re seeing on the pricing side? It just seems like different types of players are coming to market quite differently and I wanted to get your perspective on that. Also, given the fact that you didn’t mention pricing in your first quarter guidance, does that mean that is not a big factor in the delta that you’re expecting to see?
Paul T. Stecko : Talk about pricing in general, I think the one remark I would make is I think in boxes pricing has been pretty stable. I would also say from our perspective pricing in container board has been pretty stable. I think one phenomena that’s occurring that really I think should be considered and dealt with is the fact that with some of the 100% recycled paper, normally, and it goes back a lot of years, when business is real tight, the price of 100% recycled paper will get close to virgin paper.  Then, as you get in to a down turn in the economy because of the quality of some of the recycled paper, the price difference could get $30 to $50. I think that is what we may have seen in December that if you read the reports about price erosion it’s been primarily in recycled and the smaller players. I will tell you that the quality difference varies more widely in recycled than it does in virgin. As a matter of fact, we will not trade with some suppliers for recycled paper because the quality is just not up to what we need.  So, I really think that we really ought to have a price for virgin paper and the 100% recycled recognizing that some recycled paper is every bit as good as virgin paper, I’m not saying it isn’t but, there is also a much wider variation and where I think a lot of the price cutting that may have occurred is on the lower end in some of this recycled paper. That’s one thing that I think needs to be dealt with. But, in terms of pricing, we’ve taken a guess where we think pricing will be in the first quarter and at this point obviously it’s a guess.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Paul, can you talk about how you’re thinking about the dividend currently as well as your cash balance given the current financial market situation?
Paul T. Stecko : Well, I’ll tell you what I’ll let Rick take the first part on cash balance. Before I do that, other than our liquidity is quite good and Rick you might want to elaborate a little on liquidity, cash balance, you covered a lot of it but you might want to comment further.
Richard B. West : If you look Rick at the liquidity at the end of the fourth quarter we had about a $325 million in liquidity if you take in to account our ending cash of $149 million and our borrowing capacity on our asset securitization revolver as well as our bank revolver. From a liquidity standpoint going forward, the only thing I would say, traditionally the first quarter has been our highest cash outlay quarter because we pay what annual incentives we have in the first quarter, we also make a semiannual interest payment on both of our notes and then we have a vacation payout payment once a year for a majority of our employees in our mills. So, that’s the major items in the first quarter that are a higher cash payment. But, we ended the year at $321, $325 million in liquidity.
Paul T. Stecko :  But, we entered the first quarter which is our highest cash utilization quarter with plenty of cash. So, we feel pretty good about our liquidity. With regard to the dividend, we view dividends as a long term proposition. It’s not something that we’re apt to change our mind about because of one quarter of very good performance or one quarter of very bad performance. A dividend is based on what our longer term expectations are for this business and I would say where our dividend goes will probably correlate better with what happens in the economy and the container board business more than any other single thing.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Would you be willing Paul, if for whatever reason your cash earnings in a given year were less than a dividend, would you be willing to use some of that cash balance to maintain the dividend through what would be the tough part of the economic cycle? And, if so would you think through doing that for a year or two years, maybe just a little bit of color around that?
Paul T. Stecko : It depends. It depends on how bad I thought things could get and how long it would be. Obviously, if things were going to be bad for another three months that’s one thing, if they’re going to be bad for another three years that’s something else. But, in terms of getting more precise than that I’m not going to do that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: A couple of questions, it seems like the big delta in your volume is really those outside sales. I mean your box shipments which are mostly your volume, down about 10% and your mill production down about 15%, can you talk about that big drop in outside sales? Then, can you also just update us on what you figure the effective capacity of the mill system is right now? I think when you came public it was about 2.1, 2.2 million tons and based on the figures in release it would look to me like it’s about 2.45 million tons?
Paul T. Stecko : You’re in the ballpark. It moves around, 2.4 to 2.45 that’s the range. I don’t have the exact numbers in front of me but it’s in that range Mark so I think you’ve covered it. So, I’d say between 2.4 and 2.45. With regard to outside production, it’s such a small part of our business, only 20% of our sales are outside so it magnifies the percentage change because the denominator is much lower. But, I think our outside business has moved in relatively normal proportion to our box business. You’re just seeing the miracle of a smaller denominator here.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Claudia Hueston – J. P. Morgan. 
Claudia Hueston – J. P. Morgan: I was just hoping you could give us some color on the tax rate, why it was lower in the fourth quarter and then what rate we should expect for 2009?
Richard B. West : Normally at year end we reconcile all of our state tax rate and our apportionments and there was a larger than normal adjustment to that state tax rate and apportionment that we normally see and that’s what drove the rate down in the fourth quarter. We would expect more of a normal rate going forward in the 38% to 38.5% federal tax rate for an effective tax rate.
Claudia Hueston – J. P. Morgan: Then just on chemical costs is it mostly caustic soda that you’re still seeing pressure on? Then, what are you seeing in terms of the other chemicals? 
Paul T. Stecko : It’s predominately caustic soda. There are a few other things that are still up there but 80% of it is caustic soda.
Claudia Hueston – J. P. Morgan: Then just finally, on the maintenance at Valdosta, I think last year it was maybe about $0.03 or so, with the outage being longer but with costs being a little bit lower because of labor and other things, how should we think about the impact of the outage there?
Paul T. Stecko : Well, that’s a hard thing to come up with this year because you can’t look at it in isolation this year as we always could because we took it down, you knew how many tons, it was all related to the outage. But, since we anticipate some market related down time you’ve got to combine the two. But, net/net we’re taking out 22,000 tons. You’ve got to break that in to two pieces: market related; and what it would have been anyway. We just don’t have that number available.  It’s kind of irrelevant any way when you’ve got a fair amount of market related down time. In a way you could say the down time or the outage isn’t costing us anything because we probably would have taken market related down time anyway. So, it’s kind of a phantom number this year. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: Just one other cost issue Paul, can you walk us through with oil prices down, as diesel prices come down how that affects your cost? It would seem like it’s got to drop the cost of bringing wood in to the mills and then it’s also got to drop your outbound freight.
Richard B. West : Well, to give you a perspective what it does to us Mark, in the third quarter we looked at fuel transportation costs compared to the third quarter of last year and it was $0.03 higher and in the fourth quarter it was only $0.01 per share higher. So, you’ve got a $0.02 per share delta improvement. I do see that being better in the first quarter also, it’s not a dramatic amount but probably a $0.01 or so.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: Do you have any kind of rule of thumb Rick when you kind of look at your wood cost going in to the mill? Like what percent of that really is diesel fuel?
Paul T. Stecko : Yes, it’s about a third and probably got as high as 45% when oil hit $4. Normally you think of it as about a third, a third, a third; a third stumpage, a third fuel and a third labor to cut the wood and bring it to the mill. I think we’re back now to a third, a third, a third but the problem is with the turn down in building products you have to go a little further out to get wood. The stumpage may not change and the gasoline price may be down but you’re driving further so that increases your wood cost a little bit. So, you’ll get some fuel savings but you’ve got higher distances and that offsets it some. But, we did say on the call that we saw our wood cost down 4% in December at a time they usually go up so hopefully this trend will continue and we could get potentially a little more in that area as you point out.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: With so many mills in the industry taking down time and some mills just closing permanently, is that affecting your wood prices much?
Paul T. Stecko : We think that contributed obviously to the 4% reduction especially in December when there was a lot more down time. Roughly I think, just my guess looking at what I read in the reports, about 50% of the down time the industry took was in December and the other 50% was spread over two months. I think it really hit harder in October and I think that’s why we did see some pick up and reducing costs in December.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: Finally, is there any update in that biofuels refinery?
Paul T. Stecko : It’s coming along.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Andrew Fineman – Aradion Asset Management].
[Andrew Fineman – Aradion Asset Management]: Rick, I just wanted to ask you if you could tell us what depreciation and amortization was for 2008 and what it might be for 2009?
Richard B. West : In 2008 Andy it was about $148 million. We haven’t looked at it totally but I don’t see it changing appreciably from that number in 2009. 
Operator:  I’m showing no additional questions or comments at this time. 
Paul T. Stecko : Thank you everyone on the call for participating. I hope my voice wasn’t too difficult to put up with. I’m sure it will be better on the next call. Talk to you again in three months. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard B. West – Chief Financial Officer William T. Sweeney – Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products Mark W. Kwolzan – Senior Vice President, Containerboard
Analysts: Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse George Staphos – Banc Of America Securities Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities [Andrew Highman] – Iridian Asset Management [Chip Dillon] – Self Employed 
Operator:  Thank for joining Packaging Company Corporation of America’s third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Upon conclusion of the narrative, there will be a question and answer session. As a reminder this program is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead whenever you’re ready.
Paul Stecko: Thank you and good morning. As usual on the call with me today is Bill Sweeney who runs our corrugated products business, Mark Kwolzan who runs our mill operations and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for calling in and participating and, as always, when we complete this presentation we will be more than happy to take your questions. Let me start with a summary of the results and then get into some specific details. Yesterday we reported third quarter earnings of $38 million, or $0.37 a share, compared to $49 million, or $0.46 a share in last year’s third quarter. Third quarter 2008 results include after-tax expenses of about $1 million, or $0.01 a share, related to the previously reported explosion that we had on our recycled fiber tank at our Tomahawk mill. Net sales for the third quarter were $621 million and that’s compared to $591 million in last year’s third quarter. Net income for the first nine months of this year was $105 million, or $1.01 a share, compared to $126 million, or $1.20 a share, in 2007. Year-to-date net sales are $1.81 billion compared to $1.74 billion in 2007.  Higher container board and corrugated products pricing increased our earnings by $0.21 a share compared to last year’s third quarter. This improvement was more than offset by higher costs for fiber of $0.06 a share, energy of $0.05 a share, chemicals of $0.04 a share, transportation, labor and benefits, which were each $0.03 a share, interest and other costs of $0.03 a share and lower volume of $0.02 a share. Now some specifics – our mills produced 621,000 tons of container board, that’s down 11,000 tons or 1.8% from last year’s record third quarter production. Our production was a little lower than planned as we adjusted operating rates to compensate for much higher wood cost and slightly lower than expected box volume. Outside sales of container board were up 2,000 tons from the second quarter of this year and down 13,000 from last year’s all time record shipments. To put last year’s third quarter in a little perspective, it was about 12,500 tons better than the previous third quarter record, so it’s obviously a pretty tough comparable. Our total corrugated product shipments were down 0.5% or one-half a percent and down 2.1% per workday with one more workday this quarter. Year-to-date our total shipments and shipments per workday are down a modest 0.6% and 1.1%, respectively, over a strong 2007. We ended the quarter with our container board inventories flat with the end of the second quarter and we’re down 8,000 tons for the year. So you can see that our supply and demand has remained in very good balance. As stated earlier, higher sales prices for container board and corrugated products improved earnings by $0.21 a share over last year’s third quarter. The higher sales prices were a result of both our second half 2007 container board and box price increases, the realization of our July 2008 container board price increase and a partial quarter’s realization of our August 2008 box price increase. The August box price increase was essentially completed by the beginning of October and we achieved our price realization targets, so it went very well. Shifting to cost – wood, which is the single largest cost component to make container board, was up about 17% compared to the third quarter of 2007 and up about 6.5% compared to the second quarter of this year. This was higher than we expected. The increase in wood cost is being driven primarily by higher diesel fuel cost, which increased logging and transportation cost, as well as the prolonged down turn in the housing market, which limits residual wood chip availability from saw mills. In the third quarter we saw even more saw mills either slowed back or shut down, putting additional pressure on the pulp wood market. In addition our southern mills – in our southern mills – we had a lot of rain which makes logging more difficult and more expensive. Recycled fiber prices were down this quarter with industry published prices for OCC down 9% compared to the third quarter of last year and down 11% compared to the second quarter of this year. Including both wood and recycled fiber, our total fiber cost increased this quarter by about $0.06 per share compared to last year with our wood cost being up over $0.07 and our recycled fiber cost being down about $0.015 per share.  Higher energy cost reduced our third quarter earnings by about $0.05 per share compared to the third quarter of last year. Fortunately, we consumed very little oil and natural gas in our mills. This quarter our use of gas and oil was only 660,000 M2 BTUs, down 11% from last year’s third quarter. The work we did on our bark boiler at Valdosta to improve combustion efficiency and the start-up of the bio-gas refinery at our Filer City mill have helped us to continue to reduce costly gas and fuel oil consumption. Speaking of the bio refinery, the start-up curve is moving along as expected. We are running at about 80% of capacity. We expect to reach full capacity and full efficiency over the next six months as the bacterial population fully matures. This time frame is a little difficult to project since, to our knowledge, this is the first time that such bacteria has ever been fed pulping liquor such as ours. So there’s more to learn. Looking at another major cost, transportation, average diesel prices, as reported by the U.S. Energy Information Association, were up 50% compared to the third quarter of last year and only down about 1% compared to the second quarter of 2008. Higher transportation costs reduced our earnings by about $0.03 a share compared to last year’s third quarter. But on a positive note, diesel prices did fall during the quarter from a reported average of $4.70 a gallon in July to $4.02 in September and this should help fourth quarter transportation costs come down some. Chemical costs were also up as producers work hard to recover their costs. Increased cost for our primary chemicals, caustic soda, soda ash, sulfuric acid, and wax reduced earnings by about $0.04 a share compared to last years third quarter. Higher labor costs reduced earnings by about $0.03 a share and higher medical worker compensation costs reduced earnings, also, by about $0.03 a share. Both the medical and workers comp costs were a little higher than we originally expected because of some significant medical claims and the settlements of some older workman compensation claims. Turning next to cash utilization and our balance sheets. Capital expenditures were $33 million in the third quarter and are $98 million year-to-date. We repurchased 150,000 shares of our stock at an average price of $2.21 per share and ended the quarter with $148 million cash on hand. Our long-term debt was at $657 million, net of discounts of $2 million and we paid off $150 million in maturing notes due August 1. We also renewed our existing $150 million receivables credit facility which was scheduled to terminate on October 3 at comparable rates. There is $109 million drawn on the receivables credit facility. We have no note maturities for five years, with our $400 million in notes, our $400 million of five and seven, 5.75% notes due in 2013 and our $150 million in new 6.5% notes due in 2018. Our $150 million bank revolver remains undrawn. So, financially we like where we are with dual liquidity and about 85% of our debts fixed at an average interest rate of 5.95% with no maturities for five years. To sum things up, overall, we think we had a pretty good quarter. Earnings remained strong despite significant cost increases, the August box price increase went very well, volume for the quarter wasn’t great but it wasn’t bad either and we were able to keep our inventories flat with the second quarter. I think, finally and importantly, these days, our balance sheet and liquidity remained strong and stable. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect higher average box prices as the result of a full quarter’s realization of the August box price increase. This will be partially offset by higher wood cost and higher energy usage with colder weather but, more importantly, we also expect lower container board and corrugated products volume with a weaker economy and three less shipping days.  The key variable and uncertainly, of course, is the economy and its corresponding impact on our corrugated products demand and our mill operating rates. This uncertainly makes it more difficult than usual to accurately forecast earnings, but at this point we believe fourth quarter earnings will be about $0.35 a share. With that, would be happy to entertain any questions but, as always, I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on this call constituted forward looking statements. These statements were based on current expectations of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10K on file with the FCC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward looking statements. With that I would ask the operator to open up the phone lines and we will be happy to address your questions. 
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research.
Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research: Thank you. Paul, with your dividend yield now close to 7%, I guess there are two questions that come to my mind. One is exactly what is your comfort level with $1.20 dividend that you’re paying? And two, if you are comfortable with that, what is your thinking process when you have a lot of cash on hand and you have a lot of liquidity and the, basically, after tax, in terms of buying back stock, would seem to be extremely high at this juncture? So, maybe, if you could let us know where you stand on those two issues.
Paul Stecko: Well, we are comfortable with the dividend and we continue to buy back stock. Quite frankly, we earned $0.35 last quarter despite rapidly rising cost and so, I think we’re pretty pleased that we could sustain that level of earnings in spite of the cost pressure. I would say that, who knows where the economy is going and that’s obviously the big unknown but based where things are right now, we think we’re in a position to pay the dividend that we pay and buy back the shares that we said we would buy back.
Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research: You mentioned you bought 150,000 shares during the third quarter. Have you been buying stock back in the early part of the fourth quarter, is that something that you can--? 
Paul Stecko: There’s a large stock so you are in a sense paying the 7% dividend every share we buy back, we’re getting the 7% return too. Rick, you want to give an update on the share purchases through the first part of the month.
Rick West: Thus far, Mark, we’ve purchased 858,000 shares for $16 million in the fourth quarter at an average price of $18.89.
Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research: Can you remind us how much additional you have on your share repurchase authorization?
Paul Stecko: About half.
Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research: What is that in amount, I’m sorry?
Paul Stecko: It was a $150 million program and we’ve got about half left.
Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research: OK, then lastly, you mentioned you had $148 million of cash on the balance sheet or had at the end of the quarter. How much of your debt was short term or how much of that $148 million might you look at dedicated to paying down debt?
Paul T. Stecko: Well the only thing we have, Mark, is $109 million in our receivables revolver and we keep that constantly because it’s such a low rate. So, we would not look to pay down any debt.
Mark Wythrop – Buckingham Research: OK, great. Thanks a lot.
Paul T. Stecko:
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Can you just talk about what you’re seeing in the export markets and the relationship with your customers in the export markets? I think from prior discussions those are relatively longer term in duration, not necessarily [inaudible] can you talk about giving the change and exchange rate your clearly slowing how you see the export markets trade?
Paul Stecko: In a word, stable. We think we’re going to sell in the fourth quarter what we thought we would sell in the fourth quarter six months ago. I think that is driven by the fact that we have long-term relationships with people, we have targets on how much we’re going to sell to a lot of our customers for the entire year and we have a reputation of honoring those commitments and so do our customers. We don’t see a big movement there. Again, I’m not speaking, I can’t speak for the broader industry, but in our case stable is the best way I can answer that.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: OK, then just in this environment that were in and from an economy standpoint and weaker box shipments, how do you think about market share in the current environment versus supply and demand in your system.
Paul Stecko: I don’t know, really I don’t know that I understand your question. What I said in the call, maybe I can answer it this way and get at what you’re trying to determine. We’re going to run to meet our demand and one of the things that we did do in the third quarter is we not only pulled our operating rates back to keep supply and demand in balance, we actually are taking a little bit of risk in keeping our inventories probably a little lower than the cost of the wood, and this year our account shutdown for 2009 moves to April, and so one of the pressures that we’ve always faced in the fourth quarter is building up inventory so we could get through our two first quarter shutdowns next year.  But we’ve got a little relief now, because counts has moved to April because of some equipment deliveries, and so it does not make a lot of sense to build that inventory too soon when wood costs are high and could go higher in the fourth quarter, so that’s one of the reasons that we’ve said – and it will affect our fourth quarter earnings – that we will both run the demand and run to minimize our incremental cost and that’s the last cost, the highest cost of the wood you use, the highest cost energy you use, so we do have a little more free bore to be more aggressive in keeping our inventories to maximize our profitability from a cost point of view.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse:  Hey, Paul; just two things. You’ve spent a fair bit of energy working on the energy issue and this biorefinery is part of it. Can you give us an update on what the payback on those projects looks like with energy costs where they are today? This one was sort of a home run when you announced it.
Paul T. Stecko:  Yes. The answer is the returns are pretty much the same because we didn’t use much gas and oil to begin with and they’ve come down. And I’ll give you a couple of examples. The bark boiler upgrades at Valdosta, you know, they’re like a 40% return, and the cost of bark hasn’t changed very much, but the – it wasn’t that much capital so they’re like 35% return projects. At the biorefinery our original estimates were about a $20 million investment. We thought we had savings of about $10 million, and that gets, you know, 35%-type return also. That was based on replacing a little bit of gas that we did use. About 8% of our fuel at Filer City was natural gas. That all got taken out, but then we also reduced the coal usage there, and we also reduce our steam consumption because we don’t have to run our evaporators or the Copeland recovery unit for chemical recovery, and that saves a lot of steam, but that’s steam on coal. So that return is basically hung in there and maybe down a little bit because the price of natural gas has come down a little bit, but we were moving more coal. Now, the other plus to that project is that we think our capital expense will go down there because we’ve been pushing that coal boiler very hard for the last five years and our maintenance expense was very high and we just went in and looked at that boiler last month and since the biorefinery’s been up we’ve reduced our coal consumption by 30% and the boiler’s in much better shape since we’re not running it nearly as hard as we had. But that’s a long-winded answer to the answer is probably Filer City comes out a touch, but only a touch. 
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse:  Okay, so this is a pretty good price. Okay, another question, Paul; you know, if I try to add up all the things that are happening on your cost side you’ve got wood costs up. You’ve got energy prices down a little bit. You’ve got OCC down. You’ve got transportation coming down. You’ve got chemicals up. You know, where does this balance out for an industry that was trying to convince customers that they should pay higher prices? I mean can you just walk us through you know where those costs net out?
Paul T. Stecko:  Well, yes. I think we did already in the release in terms of – 
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: I’m trying to think about the next quarter. I don’t –
Paul T. Stecko:  Oh, the next quarter; well, you know what we think for the next quarter is that we really, other than wood, we don’t see prices for most other things going up in the fourth quarter. What the big determinate for us in earnings and really what the swing variable will be in the fourth quarter is our volume.  You know we saw softening in September. It’s continued into the first half of October at about the same pace, and so volume is by far the biggest variable that could move our fourth quarter earnings. The only costs that are really going up in the fourth quarter are wood fiber, and that’s a couple-a-cent item and not energy prices, but energy consumption with higher and price being the same with colder weather. But the big item that could affect our earnings is volume. It’s just very hard to predict at this point, due to the nature and instability of the economy.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, and one last question Paul. As your customers deal with these credit issues, are you seeing people coming to you worrying about some of your competitors who may have chosen to weaken their balance sheets relative to yours? Is that a material impact in your – 
Paul T. Stecko:  Yes. I don’t want to comment on the creditworthiness of any competitor. That’s just not something that even if I knew something I’d comment about it. That’s between those companies and everybody else, so I’m going pass on that one.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs:  All right, thanks Paul. 
Operator: Our next questions comes from George Staphos – Banc of America Securities
George Staphos – Banc of America Securities:  Thanks! Hi, everyone, good morning. Hey Paul, could you give us a quick read – perhaps you mentioned it earlier, but I would have missed it – on what vines look like early in October from the data that you’ve seen?
Paul T. Stecko:  You didn’t miss it, but I did allude to it. We saw volume soften in September and when it softened we were down about – rough number – about 6% in September over the previous year. And it was pretty steady. In other words, it just didn’t spike. It didn’t move around. It’s like everybody slowed back in their production rate and our volume fell 6%.  That has continued through the first ten workdays. I only have data for ten workdays in October and we’re down about 6% in October compared to last year, and again it’s steady. It’s not volatile. It’s not seasonal. It’s just you know we’re not losing business; we’re not gaining business to any appreciable extent. It’s just that people are making 6% less of what they made last year and so they need 6% less boxes. For the last six, seven weeks, we’ve been running about 6% behind last year.
George Staphos – Banc of America Securities:  Paul thanks for that. I know it’s hard to speculate, but if you compare the current period to past, perhaps, recessionary periods, are you seeing the signs that we’re going into recession from your experience? Could it be deeper? Do you think it could be shallower, and perspective you might have on that? And then, Rick, are you seeing any changes in your customer receivables, bad debt expense, et cetera, again given the environment?
Paul T. Stecko:  I’ll answer the first one for Rick, because the answer is no. We’ve seen nothing, no changes. It’s business as usual. Things are just about 6% slower than they have been. But in terms of have I seen anything that gives me signs of hope, distress, all of the above, the answer is none of the above. We’re just running a little slower and I have – I would not think that I could predict where we’re going from here and that’s one of the things I mentioned earlier. There’s a lot of uncertainty about where this economy’s going and 50 people will tell you 50 different opinions and you don’t need 51. So, that’s as good as I can do.
George Staphos – Banc of America Securities:  Yes, at least 50 different opinions; last question, I’ll turn it over. If you needed to next year, how quickly could you pull back capital spending? How low could you go realizing that’s not your projection yet? And, could you give us a bit more color on the equipment that you’re bringing into counts and why that’s leading to a push back in the maintenance till April? Thanks, guys.
Paul T. Stecko:  Yes. You know, our CapEx, we don’t, at this point, see a need to reduce our CapEx next year. We’ve been pretty steady in our spending and we’re long term thinkers and that’s why we like to have a stable balance sheet. You know, we’ve been averaging for the last 6, 7, 8 years about $110 million, $115 million in CapEx.  Of that, about $60 million, $65 million is what I call maintenance, and so if you have to you could probably get down to that number and you'd probably you'd go a little lower than that, if you wanted to take some risk. We don't like to take those kinds of risks with maintenance, but you know about $65 million of the $110 million, $115 million is maintenance capital. With regard to counts, we have an upgrade on one of our big par boilers. Again, we're going to improve the efficiency. We're changing the air system. It's back on, I think the call that they're more commonly asked about energy projects. We've got a good return on this project. The problem is it's a little longer job than a normal repair, because it's a big boiler, and we've had to move that in concert with the best time to buy electricity from our utility supplier and when they have the least downtime. And it made the most sense, in terms of getting the best electric rates for non-interruptible power, in April instead of March. And, so it's more to minimize the cost of our electricity purchases than it is on any equipment deliveries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: Morning. Paul, a few questions, one, just on this wood situation, can you give us any like color on whether it's hitting certain regions harder than others? And, also whether there's anything you could do to you know mitigate this, say, portable chip mills, things like that?
Paul T. Stecko: You know, it’s hitting – wherever there are wood products plants, Mark – it’s hitting those regions where wood products plants coexist with paper mills, and that about covers everywhere. Now, some places are obviously more acute than others, the west coast being a good example where a lot of mills don't even have wood yards.  They run on 100% purchased chips. So, they have been hit the hardest, then the wood cost of going up the most in those regions. But, that's happened a while ago. What has continued to worsen is the situation in the south, and more and more chip mills are taking more and –wood products plants are taking more and more downtime than they had previously been, just because the housing market has not come back, so that [asks] the first half of the question.  In terms of chip mills, that's not the problem. We've got adequate chipping capacity at our mills, but as less, as fewer saw logs are cut, there are fewer residual chips which means that more of the chips must come from pulpwood. And, since the demand for pulpwood comes up, it doesn't matter how many sawmill – how many chip mills you might disperse, that's not where the cost problem is. The cost problem is with more and more pulpwood has to be cut. You've got to bring it from further distances, and that drives up the cost. So, an important source of fiber has been you know hopefully temporarily lost, with all these wood products plants coming down. And, it's strictly pressure on pulpwood prices at a time, but we've had extremely wet weather in the south. And, now we're entering the winter weather season, which gets, you know where logging gets more difficult.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, another question. It looks like labor and benefits together were up about $0.06 in the third quarter. I think you had identified about two pennies in the second quarter. Is the Delta just those increased benefit claims that you mentioned?
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, the biggest piece of that was well you know one of the things we're working hard to do is clean out old workmen's comp claims. That's just a good business decision, and when you can settle them, you do. And, medical costs were higher than we anticipated. That was the single, biggest part. And then, obviously you have an increase, your labor increases, both hourly and salaried labor. And, then we also have you know we had our incentive stock award, is mid-year. That was in there, so it's a variety of things with the two biggest things being medical and workmen's comp.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: If you were to look at the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis, any thought on what we might see in the fourth quarter?
Paul T. Stecko: In terms of what?
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: In terms of that increase year-over-year in labor and benefit. I'm just trying to figure out how much of this is one-time stuff, and how much of this is just an ongoing increase in cost.
Paul T. Stecko: I would not be surprised if that could be another couple of cents.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. All right, last question. A lot of guys in the industry are putting in these big corrugators, as long as Bill Sweeney is there. Any thoughts on you know your desire, your need to put in some of these bigger, wider, high-speed corrugating operations?
Paul T. Stecko: Mark, I'm going to Bill answer that, but we did that five years ago. Bill, you want to talk about that?
William J. Sweeney: Yes, Mark, we're ahead of the curve. We put a 310 BHS about five years ago. It took two corrugators down to one, and we put them in volume plants, where we thought we could get the maximum benefit, and all of those plants are now centrally sold out, running on three shifts. They've been very successful. 
Operator: (Operation Instructions). Our next question comes from [Andrew Highman] – Iridian Asset Management.
[Andrew Highman] – Iridian Asset Management: Thank you. You know I noticed that, Paul, that you're going to be speaking at this containerboard conference about biorefining, and you know you guys are far ahead of the curve, compared to anybody and the first ones doing it. Does that represent – once you're at full capacity, and you get a quarter under your belt, the things are running smoothly – does that represent potential licensing revenue for Packaging Corp down the road?
Paul T. Stecko: Let me first correct you. I am speaking at the conference you referenced, but my topic is Biomass, which is a lot more encompassing than just what we're doing at the biorefinery. There is a movement in not only this country but the world, to use wood for fuel purposes, and that's becoming a very important subject. It will present many challenges, many opportunities, and many problems for our industry, and that's the topic that I am discussing, and biorefinery is a small subset of a much bigger topic. With regard to where we're going with what we're doing at Filer City, it's just a little premature to address that subject. I'd feel a lot better addressing it, discussing it when some issues with proprietary technology are properly protected, and we're a little further up the learning curve. So, that's the best I can do on that question.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Chip Dillon], self-employed.
[Chip Dillon] – Self Employed: Hi, Paul.
Paul T. Stecko: Hey, Chip, good to hear from you. You don't know how happy I am to take this call.
[Chip Dillon] – Self Employed: Oh, thank you. Quick question on the chemical side, you mentioned that you know your costs were going up and a number of areas were staying flat as you go third to fourth, but are you actually seeing any declines yet in things like chemicals?
Paul T. Stecko: I think the short answer to that is no. We have not seen any declines, and you know there may be a few things here and there, but not much. You know caustic has actually crept up a touch, and wax has come down just a touch, but other than that, no. It’s fairly stable. But, we're optimistic that things will, if this economy slows you know there's only one good thing about a recession – two. One, they don't last forever, and two, it does tend to bring some costs down. And, so if this recession does stay where it is or worsen, we would expect to see that, but not yet. And, you know hopefully that's a good sign. Maybe we'll come out of this thing quicker than we think, and – but no is the answer to your question.
[Chip Dillon] – Self Employed: Okay, and then if you'd – we haven't really talked a lot about overseas today, and you know there's evidence, at least I see in places like Asia, where some of the big players might not be as healthy as they once were, and between the decline at OCC and I believe the decline in recycled container board prices overseas, are you seeing any impact on export demand from the U.S. for craft liner?
Paul T. Stecko: No, we are not, Chip. That question came up earlier in the call, and what we said is, again in our book of business, we have long-term relationships with most of our export customers. We have, I wouldn't say agreements, but we have forecast that they think they will buy X tons during the year. And, we had not had occasion to speak of that people are going to cut back on what they thought they were going to buy from us, and we don't sell a lot of paper in China; however, we do sell some. That's our smallest market with Europe and Latin America, South America being our biggest markets, and business in Latin America has been pretty good.
[Chip Dillon] – Self Employed: And I guess as a correlator to that, you haven't seen – or have you – any evidence whatsoever of actually Testliner trying to find its way into an independent box plant here in the states? 
Paul T. Stecko: None that I know of.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). There are no further questions.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Okay. No, I appreciate your interest in PCA and, hopefully, looking forward to talk to you first quarter next year with this economy a lot further along than any of us might have hoped, so talk to you then.
Operator: Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and CEO Richard B. West - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Chip Dillon - Citigroup Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Your host for today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narratives, there will be a Q&A session. Mr. Stecko, you may begin.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, and good morning and welcome to PCA's second quarter earnings call. With me on the call as usual is Bill Sweeney who runs our Corrugated Products business; Mark Kowlzan who runs all of our mill operations; and our CFO, Rick West. And as the operator indicated, once we conclude the brief presentation upfront, as always we are happy to take your call. So let me get right into it with our results and then try to provide you some specific details. Yesterday, we reported second quarter earnings of $35 million or $0.34 a share, and that is compared to $46 million or $0.44 a share in last year's second quarter and it also compares to $32 million or $0.31 a share in the first quarter of 2008. Net sales for the second quarter were $616 million. That is up 5.2% compared to $586 million in last year's second quarter. Our second quarter 2008 results included three special items totaling $3 million or $0.03 a share. These items included, first, tornado damage at our Windsor, Colorado corrugated products plant and also some limited damage at our Filer City mill from another tornado; second, we had start-up costs for two major projects, which I mentioned on the last earnings call, the Filer City project and the new wood yard at Valdosta; and finally, we had costs related to our recent debt financing. Each of these three items represented about $0.01 a share, so $0.01 apiece totaling $0.03. The remaining $0.07 per share reduction in reported earnings compared to last year's second quarter was primarily the result of higher transportation cost of $0.06 per share, purchase fuel and electricity cost of $0.05, chemical cost of $0.03, annual outage cost of $0.03, labor cost of $0.02 and all other costs of $0.02. These higher costs were partially offset by higher sales prices, which improved earnings by $0.15 per share. Our second quarter earnings were up $0.03 compared to the first quarter 2008 as a result of higher prices and volume totaling $0.06, reduced annual outage cost of $0.03 and lower energy consumption with warmer weather of $0.04. These earnings improvement items were partially offset by higher purchase fuel and electricity prices of $0.03, transportation cost of about $0.025, chemical cost of $0.01 and the special items I just mentioned earlier of $0.03. Except for much higher than expected energy and energy-related cost and the unforeseen tornado damage, the quarter was pretty much in line with our expectations. Net income for the first six months of 2008 was $67 million or $0.65 a share compared to $77 million or $0.74 a share in 2007. And year-to-date our net sales are $1.19 billion compared to $1.14 billion in 2007. Let me now get into some specific details of our operations. First, our mills produced 614,000 tons of containerboard, that's down 0.3% compared to last year's record second quarter production, and this occurred despite having both of our medium mills down in the second quarter for their annual outage, while only Tomahawk was down last year. This year our Tomahawk medium mill was down for about 4.5 days reducing production by 6500 tons, and our Filer City mill was down about 4.5 days reducing production by about 5500 tons. The earnings impact from these two outages from over-production and increased operating and repair cost was about $0.03 a share. During the quarter, the production efficiency at our mills was outstanding setting a second quarter record for tons produced per operating day. Also, our Valdosta mill set an all-time quarterly production record. Even with these records, we ended the quarter with our containerboard inventory down 3000 tons from the end of the first quarter and down 8000 tons from year-end 2007 level. Our domestic sales of containerboard remained very strong, up about 10% over last year and up 18% over the first quarter of this year. With strong domestic shipments and our low inventory levels, we shipped about 3000 tons less into the strong export market than we did last year in the second quarter and about a 1000 tons less than in the first quarter of this year. Turning to the box business, our total corrugated products shipments almost equaled last year’s strong second quarter, down only 0.4% and were up 4.3% over our of first quarter shipments. On a per workday basis, there was one more work one day this quarter, shipments were down 2% compared to last year’s second quarter and were up 2.7% over the first quarter of 2008. Year-to-date our total shipments and shipments per workday are down a modest 0.7% over a strong 2007. As reported by the Fibre Box Association this past Wednesday, industry containerboard and inventories remained at historically low levels with June inventories dropping 73,000 tons to 2.277 million tons or 3.6 weeks of supply. And on a weeks-of-supply basis, this would represent the lowest June ending inventory on record. Looking at pricing, our corrugated products and containerboard sales prices were higher than the second quarter of 2007 as would be expected as a result of price increases, which occurred in the second half of 2007 and also up over the first quarter 2008, due primarily to a richer product mix. Unprecedented escalation in energy and energy-related product prices significantly impacted transportation, chemicals, purchased fuel and electricity cost for us. Fortunately however, only 22% of the purchased fuel in our mills come from natural gas and oil. So we are not impacted as much by rising fuel costs as others in the industry. However, even with this relatively low dependence on gas and oil, higher fuel prices and higher electricity prices still reduced our second quarter earnings by $0.05 a share compared to the second quarter of last year and $0.03 a share compared to the first quarter of this year. Yesterday, in a separate press release and related to higher energy cost, we announced the successful start-up of a biogas refinery at our Filer City semi-chemical medium mill. As we outlined in the release, the bio-refinery takes the byproducts liquor of the pulp cooking process at Filer City and utilizes bacteria as the vehicle to convert the pulping liquor directly to methane gas. The methane is then burned in an existing power boiler at Filer City, and essentially it eliminates natural gas usage at Filer city and also replaces about 30% of Filer City's primary fuel, which is coal. The investment in this biogas project was a little less than $20 million, and we expect a return of about $10 million annually. And that would equate to a cost reduction about $25 a ton to produce semi-chemical medium at Filer City, and that's a significant number. This return is particularly good considering that we are replacing primarily coal, which is a relatively low cost fuel. with methane. The return will be obviously much higher in a situation where biogas was replacing all natural gas or fuel instead of coal. We think the biogas refinery at Filer represents a major milestone for PCA on the energy frontier and also for the overall development of low-cost green energy. Moving next to transportation, which represents the single largest cost increase item we have, average diesel prices as reported by the U.S. Energy Information Administration were up 57% compared to the second quarter of last year and up 25% compared to the first quarter of this year. These high diesel prices continue to drive up transportation costs for fiber and other inbound raw materials as well as outbound freight for containerboard and corrugated products. Higher transportation costs reduced our earnings by $0.06 a share compared to last year and about $2.50 a share compared to the first quarter of 2008. Chemical costs are also being impacted by higher fuel prices because many of the chemicals we use are very energy intensive to produce or they’re byproducts of other materials impacted by higher energy prices. Our chemical costs, particularly caustic soda, soda ash, sulfuric acid and wax, were up about $0.03 a share compared to last year's second quarter and up about $0.01 a share compared to the first quarter of 2008. Wood and recycled fiber costs were only up about $0.01 a share over last year’s second quarter if you exclude its transportation cost. When you include transportation, fiber costs are up about $0.04 a share. Looking at other costs, higher labor and benefit costs reduced second quarter earnings by $0.02 a share compared to last year's second quarter. Let me now turn to cash utilization where our capital expenditures were $31 million in the second quarter. We also repurchased 984,000 shares of our stock at an average price of $21.97. We ended the quarter with $298 million cash on hand and our long-term debt remained at $807 million. As you recall, we will be paying off over [ph] $150 million in notes, which mature on August 1 of this year, which will lower our cash and reduce our debt by the same amount. Overall to wrap it up, our business remained strong throughout the quarter. Our mills ran extremely well setting production records, and both our corrugated products demand and outside sales of containerboard remained strong. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories a little lower than forecasted. So we will need to continue to run well during the third quarter. Finally, the start-up of the bio-refinery to produce low cost methane at Filer City demonstrates our continuing focus on reducing cost and developing competitive advantages. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect to improve earnings primarily as we begin the realization of higher prices from our announced July 1 containerboard and August 1 box price increases. Since it usually takes several months to fully implement a box price increase, a full quarter’s benefit of these price increases does not occur until the fourth quarter. We also expect seasonally lower energy usage, but prices paid for transportation, purchased fuels and electricity and chemicals are expected to be up in the third quarter, maybe as much as $0.06 per share, as again a full quarter's impact of the price increases that occurred over the course of the second quarter for these items are felt. Considering all of these items, we currently expect third quarter earnings of about $0.41 a share. With that, we would be happy to entertain any questions. But as always, I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on this call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current expectations of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I would ask you to open up the lines for any questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Yes. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Is it possible when we look at these costs to get some sense of how much of this is mill costs versus how much costs you're really seeing over in Bill Sweeney's box business?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's a good question, and the answer… it would... the answer in the past would have been it’s the vast majority in the mill system and that's now moved there is a majority in the mill system, but not a vast majority. In other words, the price to operate in box plants has also increased appreciably, driven by energy primarily because box plants burn basically natural gas or oil, they cannot burn fuel, they don't have the luxury of burning black liquor, etcetera. Secondly, some of the other materials like starches have gone up appreciably. Wax is off the charts in terms of price increases. So it might have moved and I don't have the numbers in front of me. It might have been 90, 10 at one point, it's probably 60%, 40% now, in that type of range when you look at the price increases across those two.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So would you anticipate that with this price increase you can actually get some box margin back to recover some of those box plant costs?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We would hope certainly to improve our margins as a result of this price increase and… because as you aptly put, not only do we [inaudible] inflation in the mills, the box plants are now a major contributor also to inflation. And so, that is why from our perspective this box price increase is so important. We've got the make-up ground in two places.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, just one other question. The bio-refinery up at Filer City, is that applicable to other mills in your system? And if it is, would the economics be as compelling as they seem to be on this one?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me just say that due to the proprietary nature of our technology and the obligation that we have to protect both the intellectual property that we've developed as well as the process know-how involved, I am fairly limited in discussing specific technological details or implications of this project going forward at this time. But down the road, I think that's something I could address. Today, I simply want to report that this refinery concept that we've developed at Filer City has been up a couple of months. It’s now up to 75% of capacity. It is doing everything we thought it would do. It has validated what our savings assumptions would be to date, and we're pretty happy with the results. But into the specifics of how it works or what we are going to with it, it's premature to talk about that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But it wouldn't be just applicable at a medium mill, you could use this at a linerboard mill as well?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I didn't say that. I didn't say anything. What I said is... I've told you all that I am going to tell you about this project on the call.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: All right, fair enough. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Paul, just a couple of things. On the mix issue, can you give us a sense of whether the weather affected your mix this quarter and whether we should expect much from that based on your read right now? And the second question on inventories, you said you are going to have to run full to be ready for Christmas, how constrained do you feel on inventories and just how critical an issue is that right now?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the mix, what we've just seen is that primarily in high-end displays point-of-sale items, we have a little... the mix was stronger in the second quarter than the first, but that's normal. It really was not related to the weather... some of the... as much as, say, ag. business might be in the State of Iowa or things of that nature. So the mix was just a seasonal pick-up. And in terms of... we're not worried about as much getting ready for Christmas as we are the third quarter in the strong fall season, I think that's what you meant by Christmas.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Yes.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our inventories are... we are not out of gas, but we are close to empty which is no problem as long as we run well in the third quarter. And the third quarter is usually a good operating month, mills tend to run better in warmer weather than colder weather, and this is the warmest quarter weather wise of the year. So, as long as we can run as we expect we think we are going to be okay. We had no shutdowns in the third quarter either, which is a plus. So... but we are not starting out with any slack, we’ve got to perform as well, especially if there is a pickup in demand at all and then the pressure is really on Mark Kowlzan and the whole mill team and quite frankly that's what I'm rooting for.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Well, do you see the industry ever moving away from yellow sheet pricing?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just say this, I wish we had a more perfect pricing mechanism in place, and so I guess I'm saying, yes, I would like eventually to see the move away from everything and have something that was more efficient, more accurate, more timely, and also comply with every law in the land in terms of how pricing is reported, et cetera. So that is a long-winded yes to your question.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: I appreciate it. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Banc of America Securities. Your line is open.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Hi, Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: How are you? A couple of follow-ons. I just want to try one more thing relative to the bio-refinery, realizing that obviously most of the work would have been done at Filer, did you… or where you able to try the process at any of the other mills in what would have likely been some trialing that you did over the last several months or years or whatever?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Filer City was the primary trial site, virtually all of the trials were done there.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. But there was therefore by definition and a little bit done elsewhere?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you can measure a little bit in a lot of ways.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I understand.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Anything we might have done somewhere else might have just supported the Filer effort, it might not have been related to that mill.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, fair enough. A separate question...
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And let me just amplify it a little further. What we said in our press release is that we have some proprietary both pulping and papermaking technology. So when you say trialing there are two things involved, pulping and papermaking, and again we use the resources of our entire system in that regard.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Understood. If we switch gears to pricing and piggybacking on a couple of things, you’re saying one related to freight and the escalation there and then in your prior answer to Mark’s question relative to pricing, what's your philosophy, if not right now but in the future at some indeterminate time, about the use of surcharges and whether they’re applicable to the box, containerboard business?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark… I mean George, that's a pricing question and it’s a forward-looking pricing question and that's just something on Advisory Council, we don't discuss on these calls because that could be an indication this is what I'm going to do and I don't want to get into that. So I'm going to have to pass on that question to that Advisory Council.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. If you're ever going to be able to be in a position to discuss that, would that mean you would have first discussed it with your customer base?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: High probability that that is indeed the case.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. When... two last ones and I will turn it over. When we bridge to the third quarter from the second quarter, you said price was the primary driver that makes sense, we’ll have $0.03 of specials going away that will help the bridge or the increase in earnings sequentially. Should we assume that the lower purchased fuel costs presumably, given lower consumption, is at least offset by the increase in chemical and other costs that you cited or how would that shake out do you think?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: George, I am not sure I understand your question.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Well, just trying to get more precision on the bridge, so in other words I've got energy consumption going lower, is that offset by higher prices in terms of your third quarter outlook?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the answer is yes. We're going to use less energy, but it's going to cost us more because the going-out price for energy is higher than the average price.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: For us, and so the answer is yes, price will offset.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And in total, our energy costs are going to be up about, we project $0.04 a share in the third quarter over the second.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks Paul. Last one…
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, three questions, that’s the limit. So I'm going to ask you to [inaudible] get back in the queue.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Hi. Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: I was just curious, not to overly nail you down, but kind of interesting as this call has gone on, natural gas has crossed below 10 bucks for the first time in over three months and oil is down another $4 or 20 bucks in the last two weeks. Are your assumptions for the third quarter based on where energy was, say, a week or two ago?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They were based on where they were a week or two ago, but you’ve got to remember that we don't use a lot of gas and oil, and so it doesn't affect the mill operations as much as it does the box plant. Plus we've hedged some fuel and so we are hedged and we may not get as much benefit. If it keeps going down, it's not going to benefit us that much. But that said, the biggest single cost item we have related to fuel is transportation, and we haven't seen gasoline prices or diesel prices drop yet. And that's going to be the biggest single killer for us going forward.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. And then just to refresh the memories, of the 78% that's not oil and gas that you purchased, what is that broken down by?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's… primarily it's gas and oil. The 78…
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: You said 22% of your purchased fuel was purchased energy was oil and gas.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right, the other 78% is bark and coal.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Bark and Coal, okay. And then the last question is you mentioned the pay off of the bonds in August. If, let’s say, you had another opportunity as the stock got weak again or maybe still is, would you borrow against your revolver? It looks like you won’t… wouldn’t need to, but if it came down to that what would your flexibility be? I assume you have an un-tapped revolver?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have a revolver, 150 million revolver untapped. Yes, we’ve never tapped it. So, we see no… we’ve never had a need. We've seen no need to tap it. So, I'm not sure… tap it to do what?
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: To buy back stock. And how many shares do you have authorized still to buyback?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have $88 million remaining under our $150 million plan as of the end of the quarter.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: In dollars?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In dollars.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay, so obviously you have plenty of cash for that?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what we did, Chip, we also when we announced the share buyback, we had a couple of $100 million, $150 million, $200 million worth of cash on our balance sheet that... [inaudible] funded the use a loose term and so we don't have a problem driving our cash on hand on, but hopefully with this price increase that's not going to be the case.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. Paul, I understand the reasons you are providing the limited information on the bio-refinery. Is this something that you're going to be able to update us on in the reasonably near future or is this something that we're probably not going to hear a lot about for a year or so, or is that all uncertain at this point?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say it's uncertain at this point, but a year is a long time. So, let me just leave it at that.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then second, you mentioned in the press release that the full benefit of the price increase won't be seen until the fourth quarter. Is it a fair question, can you tell us roughly what percentage of the price increase you had incorporated into your third quarter guidance?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. We don't normally do that, Mark, but what I've said in the past is for us on average it takes about three months to put in a price increase. Now, for the last two, we've actually put them in, in two months, if you look at the two previous price increases. This one will probably go into the third month because some contracts in the industry have quarterly pricing, and so you can only raise prices once a quarter at the beginning of the quarter. So we do have more… some that will drag off to October 1. And so that means you'll get some obviously August, September and October, but when most of them go on say October 1 for the October ones, but that pushes that to the fourth quarter. So you can do a math, you got zero the first month, which is July the quarter, and assume you got a third in the next three months, you can do the math and probably come up with an estimate. I'm not saying a third, a third, a third model is correct, but at least it would be some order of magnitude estimate for you.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, that's helpful. And... okay, that does it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, Paul. A question with regards to a recent article in one of the trade prices about containerboard prices being up about 50% over the last couple of years, but box pricing in the FDA index being up only about mid-teens, can you just elaborate on maybe what's going on there and what might be different as we go forward that would allow the industry to get the full box price increase?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, in general it is the magic of arithmetic. If you just take a rough number that boxes cost twice as much as the paper, if they both went up the same, you would expect as a percentage paper go up, say, 20% and the boxes only 10% because they are twice as expensive. So that's math. That gets you pretty close to what your answer is, 10% of a big number is in a lot of... is equal to 20% of some half that size. So you should always have a higher percentage increase in paper over boxes. That said, I think a contributor to that is that… especially maybe on the earlier price increases some people were not able to pass it all through, and I don't know that's the case. But by far the math… reason for the difference in the percentage [inaudible] rough number, twice as much as another one, and that's the reason the percentages are so different.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just shifting to a different topic, with regards to the export market, are you seeing a deterioration in the profitability in the export market relative to the North American market, excluding this current price increase?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: With the current price increase, the domestic market will be more profitable than the export market.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That’s for two reasons, one is freight and the other is absolute pricing, but there have been some price increases in the export market also. So the export market I think has the capability catching up and that remains to be seen. But again, I would also tell you, we're very small players in the export market compared to other people. So I think our knowledge is limited, especially when you go into markets like China where we are not very big players at all.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: How much of your export volume is sort of under a contract that you have to ship it there and how much is just the volume you can move around?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our volume we can move around totally.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: Two questions. The first, in terms of downtime just going throughout the year, in the second quarter you sounded like you had 12,000 tons or $0.03, it sounds like in the third quarter you had zero. What would the fourth quarter be? And then to the second question, your volumes were very good, and I was just wondering how much of a factor the unscheduled outages at Weyerhaeuser and IP played into that?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: To answer your first question is really the zero downtime for maintenance in the fourth quarter. We've taken all of our maintenance downtime in the first and second quarters.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: And is that any different from last year?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Last year we did Filer City. We normally do Filer City in the third quarter. This year we pulled it up to the second quarter so we could start up the bio-refinery and take advantage of the downtime of an annual outage and not have two outages, one to start up the bio-refinery and then another outage later in the year. So, we killed two birds with one stone, as they say. With regard to your second question, we… our volume increase was not increase, our volume was down, but we weren't down as much as the industry. And I would say that the single biggest element of our growth, and I think Bill Sweeney actually addressed this at the last meeting, is that most of our growth is coming from growing with existing customer in terms of... you may share an account with another supplier or two and over time if you can continually convince that customer that you're doing a better job, you will tend to get more and more of his business, and that is probably the primary place we’re growing. We get more business from existing customers.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: So IP, Weyerhaeuser, not factor?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I didn't say that. I just said that we're growing from existing customers. Now, they may be a competitor in some of those existing customers. We’ve got lot of competitors. We’ve got more competitors than we know what to do with, but we're growing with existing customers, that's probably our... that's our primary area of growth.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Claudia Shank Hueston with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Claudia.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: I was hoping you could talk to us a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of box volumes thus far this summer, are there any pockets of notable strength or weakness, just in terms of the demand and maybe how it compares to what you saw last quarter?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the only thing that I would say in terms of [inaudible] demand there, there have been some places where there have been extremely bad weather where plants are down and so we are not shipping as much to there, but there is no pattern. You can guess where the bad weather has been, where there has been flooding, etcetera. And so there is no trend or anything of that nature. I can tell you that July has started off to be a pretty good month. We've got 10 shipment days where have data out of 22, and this is kind of a strange July because of where the 4th of July fell, which was on a Friday, some people worked on that Thursday, some people didn't work. I'm talking of our customers. And so the 3rd of July was a bad shipping day and them the Monday after the fourth some people took that off, but that said... and it's kind of hard year to compare, through the first 10 days our bookings, in other words our orders, are up 2.4% and our shipments, our billings are down 1.4%, but usually over time, by the end of the month billings and bookings get pretty close. So we feel pretty good about this start. Our billings are up 2.4 [ph] and… especially with a couple of bad shipment days. So from our perspective, June and the July have been pretty transparent in terms of the strength of the economy.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Okay, that's helpful.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At least as viewed by our box sales.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Now that's helpful. And then just two little housekeeping items, could you just quantify the number of shares you had outstanding at the end of the quarter? And then CapEx for the year, do you still expect a $110 million to $115 million?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Rick answer the first question, yes, we expect CapEx $115 million is probably still a good number.
Richard B. West - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the share count, about 103.5.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Okay, perfect, thanks very much.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Hi, guys.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, George. Go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Last quick one on cash flow. Rick, if I take the data that you gave us and we have the P&L items and you gave us cash and CapEx, it seems now that we know what the share repurchase was that there was very little use of cash for working capital. It looks like you have aligned there pretty well. I don't know if you have a dollar amount, certainly that would be consistent with the comments you've made today on the call. Do you have a number on working capital cash flow this quarter?
Richard B. West - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Working capital was down slightly, the only item I don't think you consider, George, was our cash taxes, we’re about $4 million more than our provision or book taxes. So that drove your remaining difference between the share repurchases, but working capital was essentially flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Lewinsohn [ph] with Anchorage Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst - Anchorage Capital: Hi, guys. Just quick questions related to the export, a question that was asked before, I know you're not that deeply in the market, but it clearly impacts the industry. And how important are inventories, that has been talked about a lot, about this low inventory. But how important are inventories in a world where a decent amount of production goes to low margin business that you would always pretty much give up for additional domestic business? So could it be that low inventory numbers just aren't as important as that they were compared to a period where the export market didn’t really exist the way it does now, the low margin export market?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think inventories are still as important. In our case, our June exports were down and they were down because we had very low inventories. We couldn't ship into markets.
Unidentified Analyst - Anchorage Capital: So you would always prefer a domestic customer to an export customer then?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we prefer a customer that allows us to maximize our profitability. If I've got to ship paper to the West Coast, lot of cases that's worse than exports when you net off the freight and freight is a very important part of the equation and the freight to the West Coast is very, very undesirable and that's a problem. Fortunately for us, we've only got… we don't have a lot of box plants out there because we don’t have any mills out there. And again, the problem of having the mills out there, they are fairly high cost mills for a lot of reasons. So, when you compare export business with domestic business, freight has become a big equalizer because most of the export business we sell are FAS port. So, we just pay the freight to the port and again a mill like Valdosta are pretty close to Jacksonville and so we work close to ports. So, there is no one answer to that. It depends on the customer and it depends on the freight cost involved.
Unidentified Analyst - Anchorage Capital: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction]. We do have a follow-up question from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: HI, just a quick one. On the $20 million that was spent at Filer City, was that mostly incurred this year or was it split between this year and last one? And then if we think about cap spending levels for next year, should we back that amount off to get a sense of what the likely levels would be or... is there any help you can give is there?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can give you a little bit of help. We have been... we started construction on this project about last June and so we’ve spent money part of... in the last half of last year and we... so we spread the spending over about a one-year period. We’ve probably spent 65% to 70% of money in 2008, the other 30%, 35% in 2007. And so that's the spending for it. I always give a CapEx forecast for the next year in the January call and that's what I will do this year. We don't give CapEx updates for the next year, I go one year in advance, and the next earnings call in January I will give you a forecast for CapEx for 2009.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Sir, I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much. Thank you for your participation in the call. I'm looking forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this concludes today's program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and CEO Richard B. West - Sr. VP and CFO William J. Sweeney - EVP - Corrugated Products
Analysts: Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities Chip Dillon - Citigroup Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, and good morning, and welcome the PCA's first quarter earnings release call. With me on the call today, as usual, is Bill Sweeney, who runs our corrugated products business; Mark Kowlzan, who runs our mill operations; and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. I would like to thank you for participating in advance, as always, I will try to take all of your questions at the end of our presentation. So, let me begin with a summary of our results and then I'll try to provide some detail. Yesterday, we reported first quarter earnings of $32 million, or $0.31 share a share compared to first quarter 2007 earnings of $31 million or $0.30 a share. Net sales for the first quarter were $577 million and as compared to $559 million in last year's first quarter. Higher containerboard and corrugated products prices improved our earnings by $0.14 a share compared to last year's first quarter. This increase was [indiscernible] than our original 2008 first quarter forecast. Recycled fiber and labor costs were each $0.02 a share higher than last year's first quarter and chemical costs and bad debt expenses which together totaled $0.02 per share are higher than both, last year's first quarter and our first quarter 2008 forecast. During the quarter, we did complete annual maintenance outages at our two large linerboard mills Counce and Valdosta. Counce was down about six days, reducing production by 18,000 tons and Valdosta was down for eight days, reducing production by 11,000 tons. The total earnings impact of these two outages from lower production and increased costs was about $0.06 per share. At our Valdosta mill we completed a major upgrade on one of our combination fuel boilers through [ph] the outage that significantly increased the boiler's efficiency. This upgrade which cost about $3.5 million has allowed us to completely eliminate the use of all natural gas and oil as boiler fuel at Valdosta. At today's oil prices, this will reduce our manufacturing cost at Valdosta by about $4 million to $5 million a year or about $8 to $10 per ton cash cost. Our demand... box demand remained pretty steady through the entire quarter and was up six-tenths of 1% per work day compared to the industry which was down seven-tenths of 1% per work day. With one less work day than last year's first quarter, our total shipments were down nine-tenths of 1%. Our box shipments per work day by month were pretty steady, with January up 1.7%, February down 0.3% and March up 0.6%. Our domestic sales for containerboard were down about 4,000 tons, and our export shipments were down about 1,000 tons compared the last year's record first quarter. Our export shipments were affected somewhat by annual outage related scheduling issues as well as by some minor difficulty in arranging ocean transportation. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories 5,000 tons below year ending 2007 levels. The FBA released industry inventory statistics last week that I felt were very surprising, and I might add very, very encouraging, because Easter was early this year, March had only 20 box plant work days and 31 mill production days. That's a difference of 11 days. Normally the difference is only nine days. So we had a potentially... we had potentially about 200,000 tons of extra mill production in March. However despite this, industry containerboard inventories rose only 50,000 tons, and at 4.1 weeks of supply, they now represent the lowest March ending inventory level ever on a weeks of supply basis. Now the really good news, this calendar situation reverses itself in April and we get two extra box plant work days coming at a time when inventories are sitting at all time lows. Let me now move to costs. Purchased energy and other energy related costs were higher than both last year's first quarter and what we had originally forecasted for the first quarter of 2008. Purchase fuel consumption at our mills and box plants were up about 4% compared to the first quarter of 2007 and was up about 2% more than we had forecasted due in large part to unusually cold and wet weather. This higher than normal fuel consumption costs us an additional $0.01 a share compared to last years first quarter. And about a penny a share more than we have forecasted. In addition fuel prices were also much higher than last year's first quarter and much higher than we had expected, with natural gas up 20% and fuel oil up 70%. Fortunately our relatively low usage of natural gas and fuel oil helps to minimize the earnings impact of escalating fuel prices. For us fuel prices were about $0.03 per share higher compared to the first quarter of 2007 and about a penny a share more than we had expected entering the quarter. Another energy related cost that continues to increase is inbound and outbound freight, driven by higher diesel fuel prices. According to the U.S. Department of Energy, U.S. diesel prices averaged about $2.50 a gallon in the first quarter 2007 and then the first quarter of 2008, prices averaged about $3.50 a gallon. That's about a 40% increase and they're now at $4 a gallon. As diesel fuel costs escalate, inbound freight costs increases are being passed on to customers in terms of higher prices for such things as fiber, chemicals and other materials. Higher diesel prices are also increasing the cost to ship our products as truckers add fuel surcharges to freight rates. We estimate our inbound and outbound freight costs are about $0.03 per share higher compared to last years first quarter and about $0.01 a share higher than our original first quarter forecast. Looking at wood fiber costs, I think as most of you are probably aware, plunging wood products demand. This created a significant decline in residual wood chips with reports indicating that the chip shortage has worsened since the end of the fourth quarter. Our wood fiber cost in the first quarter were up only about 3.5% compared to the first quarter of 2007 and this is attributed almost exclusively to higher transportation costs. This small increase for us is due in part to the location of our mills and the ability of our Counce mill, our largest mill, to incrementally produce more wood chips from pulp wood to replace residual wood chips from sawmills. Our fiber flexibility will improve even further when a new state of the art contracted woodyard is started up at our Valdosta mill in the second quarter. This new woodyard will be more efficient than our old woodyard and will give us the flexibility to produce essentially all of our chip requirements from pulpwood, should the situation at sawmills worsen. Recycled fiber cost also continued to escalate. With industry publications reporting that the U.S. average price per ton before freight of all corrugated containers was $131 a ton in the first quarter of 2008, compared to $106 a ton in the first quarter of 2007. And that's a $25 per ton increase or about 24%. PCA was a net buyer of only 100,000 tons of recycled fiber in the first quarter, or about 16% of our total fiber requirements. So the impact to us of higher recycled fiber cost was only about $0.02 a share compared to last year first quarter. Looking at other cost, labor and benefit cost were up about $0.02 per share as expected, compared to last year first quarter. Chemical costs were up about a penny share, higher than both last year's first quarter and our original first quarter forecast. And our bad debt expense was about a penny a share higher driven in large part by a single customers bankruptcy. Turning next to the cash utilization, in the first quarter our capital expenditures were $35 million. We also paid down $20 million in the term loan, made a number of beginning of year cash payments including 2007 bonuses paid in January 2008 and paid our semi-annual interest payment on our five and ten years notes of $15 million. Finally, during the quarter, we repurchased 886,000 shares of our common stock for $20 million, on an average price of $23 per share. With the uncertainty and extreme volatility in the credit markets, we elected in March to issue a $150 million in 10 year notes with a coupon rate of 6.5%. The proceeds of this debt offering will be used to pay off our existing $150 million five year, 4 3/8 notes which are due on August 1st of this year. In April, we also entered into a newer $150 million five year bank revolving credit agreement. Including the proceeds from the newly issued notes, our total cash on hand at the end of the first quarter was $310 million. Looking back at the first quarter, price, volume and mix went basically as we had expected. But on the cost side, things proved to be much more difficult, particularly with regard to energy and chemical costs, and weather conditions didn't help either. On the positive side, we were able to complete our two largest annual maintenance outages and our containerboard inventories declined during the quarter as planned. In addition, our low dependence on recycled fiber, fuel oil and natural gas helped us minimize our exposure to cost escalation. Looking forward to the second quarter, we expect both higher containerboard production and higher corrugated product shipments. Our Tomahawk and Filer City medium mills will be down through their annual outages; however, the earnings impact of these outages will only be about $0.02 a share, or $0.04 per share less than the impact of the Counce and Valdosta outages in the first quarter. Warmer weather conditions and hopefully dryer will lower fuel used in the second quarter, but with energy-related costs escalating throughout the first quarter fuels, chemicals and freight costs are expected to be higher by $0.01 a share each. Finally, we will incur about a $0.02 per share charge in one-time items in the second quarter, related to our recent debt refinancing and start up costs for two major projects at our Filer City and Valdosta mills. Considering all of these items, we currently expect second quarter earnings of about $0.38 per share. With that we would be happy as always to entertain any questions. But as always, I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including those identified as a risk factors in our annual report on form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward statements. And so operator, I would now ask you to open up the phone lines for any questions we might have. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, Paul. Just follow-up, you talked a lot about the cost side of the equation in your comments, but didn't touch on sort of the revenue side. You mentioned box shipments might... would be up in the second quarter, but you were out there with the price increase in March. Can you just talk about what you need to see in order to see the prices move higher from here? And what if you don't get any of [ph] that price in the second quarter?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will just go back a little bit. One, you talked about the revenue side, we did have all-time record revenues in the first quarter this year. So, we're kind of happy about the revenue side of the equation, and as I said earlier, our demand we thought was pretty good. It was comfortable with the strong level demand we have seen in the last few years. So, you are right, on the demand side and the price side, it was an acceptable quarter. And on the cost side, we're like everybody else. Escalation of key cost elements hurts. Fortunately for us, we are not hurt as much because our low dependence on certain of these cost elements. I can't for antitrust [ph] reason give any forward pricing type guidance on a call like this because you just can't do that. But I will say that I was very disappointed that our price increase did not materialize in the timeframe that it was announced. And the reason for that is when you reflect and you look at the situation, we have an industry that's running 97% of capacity, and our inventories are at historically all-time low levels. And in the past they were the facts, they drove pricing actions, and that didn't happen this time and I was little disappointed in reading some of the dialogue in one of the publications that reports on price that some brokers and independents, primarily in the North East, said, hey, papers not that tight. It was what they said and it's just hard for me to believe when you are at 97% of capacity and inventories are at all time low levels, that's not an environment that we could have had a better result. So hopefully, while the people that analyze this look at the fundamentals as opposed to redirect [ph] by quite frankly people that don't want to see the price go up, we'll get a better result. But all in all I was disappointed and I won't kid you about that.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for that. Just in terms of... maybe on the box side of things. Have you seen a lot more intense competition in your box business over the last couple of months?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the box business is always an intense business from a competition point of view. But has there been a... it has always been that way. Has there been any change in the last couple of months? The short answer to that is, no, we haven't seen any dramatic changes in the level of competition. It's always been stiff, its steel stiff.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Thank you. Two things. First of all, just wanted to get an update on some of the cash flow items such as Cap spending expectations for this year and I don't know if it's too early, if you have kind a read, should we expect some of types of levels next year. And then kind of relatedly, its very striking that your dividend yield at this point is actually higher then your after tax costs of debt. Does that give any desire to perhaps leverage up a bit to buyback stocks, since actually it would be a cash beneficial action to do? Just share some of your thoughts is you would on that concept.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well on the first question, in terms of CapEx, we reported $35 million in the first quarter. We'd given guidance at the beginning of the year of about 110 and that number still looks pretty good. We don't go out more than a year on CapEx. So, come near the end of this year, I'll give you some updates on CapEx. Because soon as I give two years guidance, somebody is going to want five. So we go out one quarter in advance on earnings and we go out about a year in advanced on CapEx. So, I'll get you the answer to that question a little in the year. With regard to the dividend, the best way to fix my dividend yield being so high for the stock price to go up a little bit. So, I'm rooting for that first, short of that I agree with you, one of the nice things about having a share buyback in place at this time is that... I generate cash also by... in a way by buying back shares because I eliminate the dividend yield which is higher than the after tax cost of my debt. So that's a plus and so that is I think a benefit that we're going to enjoy going forward unless our sock price trades up a bit more. So, in terms of borrowing to do that, we still have a fair amount of money less than our 150 million buybacks, so we would not consider anything like that until we burn through that first 150 million and we're continuing to generate cash, so we may able to... our goal would be to continue to buy back shares long term, but not borrow to do it. We think we got the ability to generate the cash to do it and that is our primary mode of... motivation going forward.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Okay, fine. Could you just remind us where you are on the reauthorization, how much of that 150 is left?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At the end of the first quarter we had a 110 million remaining.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Great, thank you.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So we got a fair amount of fire power as they say Mark. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Staphos, of
Banc of America:
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Paul, a question for you; in the quarter that just pass, was there any other non-operating items that we should be mindful of? I thought I saw a news item recently about you laying off a few people, I can't remember where I saw that, I don't know if that was material or immaterial. That's why I just want to check on that.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I'll tell you what. If we laid off a couple of people in one plant, I don't know about it.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: A few is the operative word, and so, no. But there is long answer, I don't know of any thing, other costs that are unusual or note worthy, other than the fact that we did report... we got hit with about a penny a share in bad debt, we'd always had very, very good bad debt experience. But that is not much of it. But we did have one measure customer go bankrupt and that was a big surprise for us.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay and at the Valdosta was a new woodyard, that won't lead any net change employment, right? That's just going to make you more efficient and had... give you more fiber flexibity, correct?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we are... it will result in the change of employment. We'll... we will reduce head count at the Valdosta mill because our old woodyard which was... it added a new dimension to a woodyard it needed replaced and we were able to secure a contracted woodyard with a long term chip buy agreement. And the beauty of this is that we have made no capital investments, and we will save about $5 million a year in costs, and that's roughly 10 bucks a ton. So, return on an investment like that, as you know, is infinite when the denominator is zero.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Yes. Alright, may be that was what we had seen. I guess taking another approach on the question of price versus cost. I mean your paper customers usually don't like price cycles, they don't say they do. Yet, box pricing there doesn't move unless board goes up, and you can't offset input costs that are moving higher, unless you get a box price hike rhetorically. So, how can you, I'm not talking to ask you to speak that initially [ph] but how often you perhaps fairly get pricing to offset some of these variable costs that continue to head higher in this kind of environment?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I... this is... the market says this is capital. I got to follow all the words of language I do. So, the only thing that you can do is hope that the economics gets such that the... that when and if any price action commences it gets accepted into the marketplace. And again, I think an earlier caller hit on this, I just hope that through the journals, through trade publications, this does not degenerate as it is I think in a last month or so into a lobbing exercise where a lot of customers I think are lobbing Pulp & Paper Week to be specific, and they report all of their sources, but they are not by name. And quite frankly, I think what we have got a hope for is that the facts are with that, and the facts are operating rates, the facts are inventory levels, and then all other industries that I know well that usually results in better economics. Now, can you name anther industry George, 97% operating rate, lowest inventories on record that would have difficult to getting a price increase.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Yes, the box industry.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I said another one. Other than this one, I know this.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Yes.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But my point is I'm optimistic. Usually the facts... and it may time, but the facts usually went out over spin factors, and so that's my hope. The only thing that we can do is continue to report to our customers the facts, and I think overtime the facts will went out.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Let me leave that with that, but one last question. Rich do you have any details on working capital in the quarter, what the use of cash was in 1Q? Thanks.
Richard B. West - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, working capital, George, with all the first quarter payments that we make was the negative $35 million. We do expect that to turn positive in the second quarter as that always does.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Yes.
Richard B. West - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So that was the big item influencing our cash in the first quarter, but it's no different than any other quarter.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Alright. Thanks
Richard B. West - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Any other first quarter, generally pick up in the second quarter, third and fourth.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Understand. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Chip Dillon of Citigroup.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Hi. Good morning Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Hey. I wanted to explore something with you. We have noticed... and I know these prices certainly on apples-to-apples, but spreads are what they are over time. And we have noticed that the kraft liner price... kraft linerboard price in the U.S. is now up to a $145 a ton below what Testliner II has quoted for in Germany. And again I know that's on apples-to-apples. But normally, our kraft linerboard is about 40 bucks a ton higher than what's quoted over there. And I'm just wondering you mentioned shipping vessels, is it inevitable that you guys should be getting more board in another parts of the world, or our people who make boxes in other parts of the world just happy using and paying more for recycled board with by what I guess is lower quality than our virgin board?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well,I can give you pin [ph]. It's like you used the right word Chip when you said explore. My feelings are that we have congestion at the ports, and when you have congestion at the ports, a lot of the warehouses are the problem, getting ocean bound freights are problem. But I think there is couple of other things going on. If you have any uncertainty over delivery schedule, it's probably little safer to buy it in your own market, until the dependability of exports coming from the US improves, and I think over time that's going to shake out. And I think that's going to be very, very positive for the industry, because we do have congestion at the ports. And we've missed some shipments, we've had to delay some shipments, not many, but it doesn't take many to upset somebody. I think the other thing that's going on to is that some of the shippers are also decided to take advantage of the very weak dollar. And they know exactly what you said our linerboard is a real buy in Europe. And so... and most of our customers, in our case, we ship SLB [ph] port customer picks up the freight. So the customers would be in gouge a little bit on some ocean bound freight for a lot of the reasons that I talked about, in terms of congestion, et cetera. But I think when that thing works itself out and it looks like its working itself out over time as we go I think that really bodes well, and people in Europe or like people in the U.S., they are looking for value and you hit the nail right on the head. U.S. kraft linerboard is one heck of a value in Europe. And we just got to get the doors open so more people can get to the store as the say. And I think that situation is slowly improved.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Makes sense that it would take a while for people to kind of trust the traffic. Now speaking of shipping, could you talk a little bit about the whole OCC situation, which I know fortunately for you is important, but wouldn't a shipper be much more willing to ship containerboard as oppose to OCC as is it possible we could be seeing, as we have seen in the stock prices and the margins of some of the Chinese players come down quite hard. Is it possible that we could see a two tier system develop where the price is much higher in prices like Asia then here because it's... I would think it's the last thing a shipper would want to send on a boat?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't really... I'm not that familiar Chip with the type of boats used for OCC. OCC use to get a favorable rate because there is a lot more empty boats going back to China then full boats coming from China here. But with the balance of trade changing, that situations change too, because we are exporting more. So we are not big exporters of anything to China, we basically pulled out of the Chinese market for a linerboard because we are full and as you said we provide great value in Europe and also South America. So it's not that I'm ducking, the question is, I don't think I know enough about it to give you a really good answer.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And then, just last question. I know in the past you've often given us some glimpse into the current month and obviously the economy hasn't been great, but then again, the mix of the containerboard customers has become less cyclical. What is your April look like so far, can you tell us?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. I've got data on the first half of the month, that's 11 out of 22 work days. Its basically steady eddy, we're about at the same level as last year and we had a very good April last year. Our bookings, which reflect orders for the month, are dead flat with last year and our billings, in other words, what we build against those bookings are actually 1% behind. So, billings totally flat, bill... excuse me, bookings totally flat and billings done 1%, so, all in all fairly flat with last year. But we had a good last year. So our business has remained quite steady.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And any note in the mix of your customers? Some gotten stronger and some weaker, that you can think of, but not by name, but by industry?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I can't... Bill is silently sitting right here, he might deduce a little closer to it than me. Any particular area, Bill?
William J. Sweeney - Executive Vice President - Corrugated Products: Well the durables sector is way down, building products, sighting, things like that. But in the industry, durables use to be 35% of the industry; it is now 15% of industry. So the non-durables are dominating the industry and so the effect of... future effect today is a lot less than it was in the past. So we would expect industry box shipments will not be that much off, even though durables are way down, 15% of the industry is an all time low.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got it.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's a plus, because the non-durables tend to grow with population growth and as you know we're still growing in population.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yep. And the last question. I have to ask you this. In the past, Paul, you've talked about... and you've certainly demonstrated a good discipline toward returning very good cash flows to shareholders with the box plant acquisition here or their. If circumstances in the industry... force certain parties to have to divest, say, entire mills. Is that something that you would look at if you thought the value was good or is that something that you are not inclined to do and that you would just mainly look at converting assets?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the answer to that is really... it hasn't changed over the last five years. Our primary vehicle to grow is through our box plant acquisitions because we have been able to make money in both places, i.e. in the mills and in the box plants and this is a tough business and you got to make money in both places to get the kind of returns shareholders want. So that why we want to continue to add our box plant system and increase our integration level. With regard to adding mill capacity, although that has not been a primary driver of our strategy, the right mill at the right price, we would always look at. And the right price is a very important part of that equation. If a real value came along, we would look at it. But we don't have a basic strategy of wanting to add capacity. Our basic strategy is wanting to add shareholder value, and if an opportunity came along that looks like that would be the case we'd be interested. And again, I go back to an old story I like to talk about is, we were acquired by Madison Dearborn, they are no longer holder of the company stock, but I don't know if I am the good CEO or not but they made me better than I was, let's put it that way. Their mentality is you look for a 40% or 50% return on something, not a 20% return like I would look at in the old days. So my standard is pretty high, if would look at mill capacity. I want a Madison Dearborn type return on something that is not core to our central strategy which box plan acquisitions.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: We have talked a lot about the all the mill costs that the industry is facing. I just wondered if you could help us understand what's going on down at the converting plant level, because the box plant uses energy, a box plant uses a lot of starch, a box plant has a transport stuff to the customers. Can you give us any sense of whether your costs per converting unit have gone up over the last five years, or whether you have been able offset that with productivity.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the answer is our costs have gone up over the last five years, and we have offset some of that, but not all of that with productivity. And just to give you some quantification, about 10% of our energy is in the box plants, and that's... and it's generated via either natural gas or oil, and you know what's happened to them. And so our costs there have gone up, and we are not... we have no real competitive advantages in that area. We can't burn coal or do some other things that lot quicker on the box plant. Starch price is higher, and we expect a long term that starch prices will probably continue to move higher with what's happening in agriculture these days and alternative uses for agricultural products mainly into the energy arena. Our labor costs have gone up, but so of everybody else's, and we ship freight... we ship boxes like everybody else shrewd [ph] truckers and those costs have gone up. Now that's the bad news that all these costs elements have gone up. And fortunately for us, if you go back, and I think you're familiar with this data, if you go back and look at our volume growth over the last seven, eight years, we're up about 30% at a time that the industry has been flat. So obviously, we have with that increased volume have been able to do a better job with productivity than most of our competitors, because we have been able to grow our volume, primarily because of the fact that we provide the best value. And Bill Sweeney showed me some data just the other day, and it's interesting on how the heck did you grow your volumes during this time period. And I think it might be good Bill you just mentioned that.
William J. Sweeney - Executive Vice President - Corrugated Products: Hey Mark. The way we run our values we select the customers that understand that the values not buying the box, but are using the box and using the box as a promotional material. So, we try to select customers that want us to be a 100% supplier. Now over the last seven years we've grow with our current customers from 54% of their business, 68% their business. We like to do business with people that we're a 100% supplier because of value important teams bring proprietary information, which I don't want to share with our competitors, and that information is how to the design a box and use a box internally boost [ph] cost and if and where appropriate, how to market your products through the box is the cheapest form of advertising. So, we've been growing with our current customer base, and obviously is less price pressure in that arena.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But net, net, net as I say our costs have gone up in the box plants, we probably offset more than most. But we have by for not set off all these costs, and that hurts profitability, but again we are not hurt as much as most, but we are hurt.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then just as a follow on, Paul you have mentioned this offshore freight issue. I know that a lot of your exports go down to Latin America, I think for the produced box business somehow to Valdosta. Can you give us any sense of how much those have gone up and just whether kind of cost of buying [ph] that have hurt you at all in terms of export sales.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's not something I'm willing to share on this call. It's competitive information. And I don't mind telling you, but I don't want to tell my competitors.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Fair enough.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from John Emrich [ph] of Ironworks Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Just to... I'm a new shareholder, just to go back to the price question. If I remember sitting down with Rick a couple of times in the last few months, and talked about what was going out with the cost structure in the industry and how prices had to go up. And it have to go up more for everybody else because of their relatively greater exposure to the commodities that are moving them most, oil and gas and then of course the recycled materials. In your press release you talk about volumes and price being about what we expected. But then earlier in the call you talked about it being... you are disappointed that I'm guessing the price increase that Rick was tell me about in March either didn't go through at all or didn't hold on, could you just clarify those two
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Real simple, if the price increase had have gone through in March, since it would have been a past on the boxes yet we would have gotten very, very little benefit in the first quarter. So my disappointment will be reflected in the second quarter even if you got the price increase in March you would have increased boxes in April and you would not have... and since we're 80 some percent vertically integrated, until we get the box price increase, still we haven't helped ourselves not much earnings wise. So --.
Unidentified Analyst: So price increase in... prices in March were about what you expected?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, prices probably... speaking of the entire first quarter .
Unidentified Analyst: Quarter. That's what I meant, the March quarter. And --.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, our price forecast for the quarter was basically accurate.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So --.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We where a touch lower, but our mix was a touch better. So, we were about where we thought, but would price benefit we would have received in the first quarter had the March price increase for containerboard gone through, would have been relatively small in the first quarter, but relatively large in the second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: I understand. And relative to the second quarter guidance, is 0% if it go through or how much of --?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Pulp and paper reported that the price increase did not go through.
Unidentified Analyst: Just didn't go through it all?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right, that's what they reported
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, then on the energy side of things. I'm looking at this PowerPoint presentation, you have... it looks like, after 65% of your energy coming from renewable resources, you have four plus five, that's 9% from natural gas and oil. I mean, incredibly small amount. I know its going up a lot but, where... number one, where else or... its not... I've put pencil to paper on this but it seems like you are being hurt more than I would have expected, given your exposure to gas and oil, despite the fact that I appreciate they've gone up a lot.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Run the number again and assume we use 35% and it'll bring tears to your eye. We do use very little, and we are going to be using even less because the only place we really burned a lot of fuel in a boiler was at about Valdosta, where we burnt oil and we've been running Valdosta without any oil in the boiler. Now where we do burn gas and oil is in our lime kilns and the lime kilns... there's no substitute of basically and we have to burn it up. But that is a smaller part of it. But the 9% on total fuel, on purchased fuel, about 25% of our fuel is in gas and oil. And what brings that down to the 9 or 10% is when you throw in the fact that half our fuel's black liquor and is self generated, that knocks that number way down. But the number most people talk about is, how much of your purchased fuel is gas and oil, and we are about 25%. But that number is going down probably to 20% after we... where we are now, I haven't... we haven't run the new numbers yet, because of the fact we are burning oil at Valdosta and boilers any more. And about 10% of our gas and oil is in the box plants and there is no substitute there. So those numbers are very accurate and... but let me tell you, with oil and gas prices where they are today, even a little bit of price incre... even a little bit of consumption hurts you. And so... yeah, we may be hurt more then you would think but oil prices are up 70%, gas prices are up 20, they are big numbers. And again it was a very wet and cold winter and our consumption was up 4%, that's a lot, I mean 4% is a lot, and hopefully the weather is going to be little better the rest of this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Second to last question is, you do buy more cold than gas and oil. Coal is quite often purchased on relatively long term contracts, kind of an industry standard, by some of the buyers. How much... and coal has move to fair bit. I'm not sure whether you are buying --.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah,but coal... if coal is three box a million BTU's and it goes up 10%, its 330, I mean gas goes up that by an hour in a day. So, inflation in coal does hurt you a little bit, but you start with a small number to begin with. Now don't get me wrong, I don't like to see any price... any costs go up. But its not... it doesn't nearly hurt you as much as gas or oil.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you just clarify though, your buying habits there relative to long term contracts, buying spot, Appalachian coal, long term buybacks?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't buy very much spot, we have contracts of some duration and in specifics, we don't get into.
Unidentified Analyst: That's fair enough. Thank you very much.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lucacus [ph] of Appalusa [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah. How are you doing? I'm just curious. In terms of... this industry's lead is confusing me.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: You have one of the highest operating rates I've ever looked that in the commodity industry. How come you think your prices fell? Is it discipline within other competitors, I don't understand?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say that if you look at operating rates and inventories and you looked at that from afar, you would say this is a fairly discipline industry. And that may or may not be the case. But it certainly hasn't translated, at least this last time, in improved pricing. And my answer to that is, I think when the analysis is done, there is got to be more emphasis on fact and not spin, that various people put on it, and that's really all I want to say on that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Thomas [ph] of Highsight Capital. David Thomas of Highsight Capital Hey Paul, good morning. Just to follow up again on this question of pricing, because as you can imagine, this is first and foremost in our mind, we are looking around at the rest of the industry and seeing that this is really the only rate of pulp and paper that's not getting price increases right now. Despite it having the best supply dynamics, high operating rates of business, demand profile is not exactly [ph] the decline like newsprint or uncoated freesheet, and the weak dollar which should be benefiting in the export demand. But you guys have got this really bizarre concept in the industry. Obviously, this is not specific to you, it's industry problem where...
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am glad to... excuse me from that, you are going to group of anything because I'm truly independent.
Unidentified Analyst: No I am with you. I'm saying more just as the way the pricing works in this industry, where pricing is not set on negotiation, direct negotiation with buyers and sellers, it's set by the sort of referee arbitrator who at the end of the day has a set of clients to the both buyers and sellers, instead of from one high determine to your sheet, what the price is going to be? And it's not something we see in any other industry and I think it's pretty clear when you look at the cost pressure the industry is facing and the rest of the pulp and paper industry that doesn't reflect economic reality. So, I guess my question is what do we do to fix this, is this beyond what's happening, I know maybe this is a question for some of your other competitors, because you are only 7% of the market. But how long can this go on and what is the more radical solution to fix this? I mean we need to go away from the idea of taking contracts to pulp and paper weekly, if this is ultimately not going reflect economic reality in the industry.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the short answer is that I don't know. The longer answer is that I'm an optimist. I think that eventually the facts went out, and quite frankly that happened last year. We had price increase announced that failed, when inventories were very, very lower, et cetera. But it finally didn't go through. And to call a lot of people who reported on it, it went through the box faster than any previous price increase. And so, I hear what you are saying, I don't disagree with what you said. And my only answer is I think that eventually facts went out over opinion. And in the end you for to go with the facts and I'm optimistic that that will be the case in this industry because for instance there are problems.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Getting down [ph] from the equity perspective it's just a question and you guys are turning your cost of capital industry doesn't, which is why I think a lot of investors look at you is probably the only real investment in this space. But at some point, I think it's going to be difficult to continue justifying from equity holders' point of view subsiding customers in a market where there is a lot of pricing power is not being exercised. So I'd just leave it with that thought. But thanks very much.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I appreciate your thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Louis Holland of Highland Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hey Paul, how are you?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Lou.
Unidentified Analyst: Well I would just call you have done the [ph] good work and look forward to seeing you at your Board meeting.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. I do appreciate the call.
Unidentified Analyst: As one would say you are getting better with age.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The age part is true. There are few listeners out there. Lou Holland is a retiring member of our Board of Directors. He has been a big asset for the company, and despite my strong long tactics he decided to retire and go on to do other things. Lou I do appreciate to call.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. But I'm still going to see you at the Board meeting.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay Paul.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from John Emrix [ph] of Ironworks Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, just last one and a kind of a follow up as a same idea as the last caller. Given your cost structure ranges relative to your peers, if you're hurt even just as much as you are which isn't too dramatic, by recycled cost and energy cost. Your peers are going to get crushed by this, I don't know how they actually endure much more without a significant price increase, in time, am I thinking about that right?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we certainly use less recycled fiber than I think everybody but one company and our energy position is fairly different than other ones in terms of use of gas an oil and so on those two cost elements I think you are right on. The rest of them, who knows, and you best asking them about their cost other than me because my knowledge of their cost obviously are not very great. But it bring me to a point that despite the fact we've had a tough quarter cost wise, we still did have a first quarter record for earnings, $0.31 to $0.32... excuse me, $0.31, 32 million net income, $0.31 was our best first quarter ever. So, we are not satisfied with that but again, even despite all of the bad things that have gone on, we still had a have decent quarter. I'm hoping for a full decent quarter next quarter, but we'll see.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, but now I guess the outlook is that we're slipping into... kind of down year-over-year earnings comparisons and I think unless the profitability level, correct me if I am wrong, it changes improves in the rest of the year it looks like your dividend payments may exceed your net income anyway. I know you might have other sources of cash flow, but than that kind of changes the whole --.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You better check your calculator.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think you pushed a bad button, but I'm going to give full year forecast, but we are going to pay out $1.20 in dividends and we are not giving a full year cash flow, so I'm saying it. But double check your numbers.
Unidentified Analyst: You're right, I think I did do some error in that.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, you got to hit the right numbers.
Unidentified Analyst: All right.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It better answer's that way.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Pardon me sir, I am showing there are no further questions.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well if that's the case I want to thank you for your participation on the call, looking forward to talking to you next quarter and lets all root for the U.S. economy. Thank you much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference, this concludes the program, you may now disconnect. Thank you and have a nice day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and CEO Richard B. West - Sr. VP, CFO and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Citigroup Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research John Emerich - Iron Works Capital Heather McPherson - T. Rowe Price
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon the conclusion of the narrative, there will be a Q&A session. I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Stecko. Please go ahead, when you are ready.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you and good morning and welcome to Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter call. I am Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and on the call with me today is Bill Sweeney, who runs our Corrugated Product business; Mark Kowlzan, who runs our Mill Operations and Rick West, our Chief Financial Officer. And thanks for participating as the operator just said, when we complete the presentation, I will be more than happy to take any of your questions. And with that, let me begin with the summary of our results and then I'll provide more detail. Yesterday, we reported record fourth quarter earnings of $44 million or $0.42 a share. This compares to fourth quarter 2006 earnings of $38 million or $0.37 a share. And that number has been reduced for 2006 by $1.7 million or a penny a share to reflect the new accounting guidance for a major plant maintenance activity. As I said, this is a record fourth quarter for earnings per share, excluding any special items, since we became a standalone company in April of 1999. The only fourth quarter was higher reported earnings, was the fourth quarter of 2000, when we sold our woodlands to Southern Timber Venture. In that quarter, we reported $0.58 per share net income, but when you exclude the woodlands sale, we had 35% earnings in that quarter, making this quarter a record earnings, when you exclude woodlands sale. Our fourth quarter results do include a non-cash after tax charge of $4 million or $0.04 a share to value the company's inventory on a LIFO basis. And this compares to a similar charge of about $2 million or $0.02 a share in the fourth quarter of 2006. This LIFO charge was about $0.03 a share more than we expected, primarily as a result of higher cost items going in the inventory of certain items in the fourth quarter. And this was particular in area of wood fiber, starch, and finished corrugated products. But I should also note we could have done a better job in forecasting this item, but I think as some of you know it's pretty tricky to forecast and it's particularly sensitive to short-term changes in cost, such as occurred in the fourth quarter. And that's basically the reason for the miss in that regard. The improvement in earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 was a result of better pricing and volume. And when you take them together, they improved earnings by $0.17 a share. And these earnings improvement items were partially offset by higher fiber cost of $0.04 a share, higher labor and benefit cost of $0.03 a share, the inventory charge that I mentioned of $0.02 a share over the last year, and higher cost and loss production from the previously reported unplanned outage at Counce, which net of insurance recovery lowered earnings by about $0.03 a share. Full year net income for 2007 was an all-time record also, of $170 million or $1.61 per share compared to $125 million or $1.20 per share in 2006. And the higher earnings for the full year compared to 2006 were impacted for the most part by the same items as in the fourth quarter except for the Counce unplanned outage and the higher LIFO charge, which impacted only fourth quarter of 2007 results. Net sales for the fourth quarter were also an all-time record of $580 million, compared to $553 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Full year sales for 2007 and 2006 were $2.32 billion and $2.19 billion respectively. During the fourth quarter, capital expenditures were $45 million. We also repurchased 788,000 shares of our common stock for $23 million, at an average price of $28.85. We ended the year with $228 million of cash on hand, that's an increase of $34 million, compared to the end of the third quarter. Turning next to operations, our mills produced a fourth quarter record of 615,000 tons, that's up three-tenth of 1% over last year and that's a real accomplishment, considering we lost about 11,000 tons because of the unplanned outage at Counce in October. The total earnings impact of Counce outage from lost production and increased cost was $4.7 million after-tax or about $0.045 a share. We did receive insurance proceeds in December, of about $1.5 million after-tax or about $0.015 per share. So the net impact to earnings when you get all done with it was about $0.03 a share. Mill production in 2007 was also a record, at 2,446,000 tons. That's up 1.8% over 2006. Both domestic and export containerboard demand remained strong during the quarter. But because of our low inventory levels after the October Counce outage, we did reduce some of our outside shipments. Our domestic containerboard shipments were down about 3000 tons or 4% below last year's strong fourth quarter shipments and our export shipments were down about 4000 tons or about 7%, compared to last year. For the year however, our domestic containerboard shipments were up about 5% and our export shipments were up 25%, which is a record for export shipments. Turning next to corrugated products, shipments were up in total about four-tenths of 1%, compared to last year's very strong fourth quarter and essentially equaled our all-time record fourth quarter shipments set in the fourth quarter of 2005. After accounting for one additional shipment day this year, our shipments on a per workday basis were down 1.2%. Our shipment pattern is also interesting. Box shipments were strong -- I'm talking about December now, which is always a tough month for forecast. But in December, our box shipments were strong through the 21st of December, up 1.6% over strong 2006 December, as I think many of you recall. Then from the 22nd of December through the 31st when there were only three shipping days this year, our volume fell drastically for those three days, down 13%, compared to last year. We think that this was due simply to the way the holiday vacation days fell this year and not the general state of business. We say that because in January through the 17th of the month and that represents 22 excuse me, -- that represents 12 of the 22 workdays in January; our shipments are up a little over 6%, over last January. So we think the weakness in the three, in the holiday week, is just the way holidays fell and we have seen a very strong rebound through half of January. For the year, total corrugated product shipments were down three-tenth of 1% and down 1.1% on a per workday basis compared to last year. I should also note that after the Counce outage in October, our containerboard inventory dropped to its lowest level since 2004. And it was critical that our mills run very well the rest of the quarter, and they did. And by reducing our domestic and export shipments, we were able to replenish some inventory by year-end. As a result, we were able to end the quarter with our containerboard inventories essentially flat with year-end 2006 level. And this was very important because we do take our Counce and Valdosta mills down for their annual maintenance outages in the first quarter, and that further reduces our production level and our inventory. Now the FBA does not report December ending inventories until February 1st. I would note that November industry inventory levels were 2.21 million tons and that was the second lowest level since November 1994. With November 2005 being the only lower year after the... as you recall Hurricane related mill outages. So we're going to have to wait till February 1st to be able update those numbers. But I look next at pricing; we essentially completed the pass through of our container... August containerboard price increases in October and expect for a very few contractual price increases that rollover into January 2008; we are done with this price increase. Excluding the Counce unplanned outage our mill cash cost were up, about $13 a ton, compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Recycled fiber costs were up $13 a ton, and virgin fiber cost were up $2 a ton. So that means that all other costs taken together were actually down $2 a ton. So, other than the fiber, we performed quite well, cost wise. On average, OCC prices increased about 75%, or $55 a ton, which lowered earnings by about $0.03 per share compared to the fourth quarter. And that's a big number, but I would say, I think, the saving graces compared to many competitors we use among the least amount of OCC in the industry. And so, the negative industry regards minimized to some extent by the fact that we don't use a lot of OCC, but when something goes up 75% even using a little, cost you. We also began to see higher purchased woodchip and pulp wood cost during the fourth quarter, due to limited availability of purchased chips because of downtime and shutdowns at wood product plants, as well as by higher fuel cost and surcharges to ship wood to our mills. At our Counce and Valdosta mills, overall pine costs were up about 6%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 and up about 7%, compared to the third quarter of 2007. And until there is a rebound in the housing market, with a corresponding increase in the availability of residual woodchip from sawmills, we see wood cost pressures continuing, especially if winter weather conditions become very unfavorable for logging. With our fiber flexibility, a higher wood cost only lowered fourth quarter earnings by about a penny per share over last year, but I should note that most of the increase occurred later in the quarter and this expected to carry-over to the first quarter, when logging conditions are the worst. Reviewing other cost, higher labor and benefit cost reduced fourth quarter earnings by about $0.03 a share, compared to last year's fourth quarter, while energy related costs reduced earnings by only about a penny a share. And I think most of you know, we have a very, very favorable purchase fuel mix. Overall, if I look back at 2007, I think we had a pretty solid year. Our earnings rose about 35% to $1.61 per share from $1.20. We set production records in all of our mills and had strong domestic containerboard sales and corrugated product shipments and record export shipments. Our mills ran very efficiently all year at record productivity levels, with mill cash cost per ton up only $12 per ton over 2006. And after excluding recycled fiber and virgin fiber cost increase, our costs were actually flat with last year, offsetting all other increases through productivity. We ended the year with our containerboard inventories close to where we wanted them and at the year-end 2006 level. For the year, we generated $300 million in cash from operations, CapEx was about $113 million and we paid down $10 million in debt. We returned $136 million to shareholders during the year, including $105 million in common stock dividends and $31 million in share repurchases. We ended the year with $228 million cash-on-hand and that's a $66 million increase for the year. With our continued strong earnings and cash flow, in October, we did announce a 20% increase in our dividend to an annual payout of $1.20 a share and also announced a new $150 million share repurchase program. So a lot of good things happened during the year. Looking next ahead to the first quarter, we expect our total corrugated products shipments to be higher than the fourth quarter and as I said earlier, we are off to a pretty good start good start in January, both our Counce and Valdosta will be down as normal for their annual maintenance outages and that's going to hold production by about 26,000 tons and negatively impact earnings by about $0.06 per share. But this is what we do every year because we think it's the most advantageous time to take our shutdowns. Certain timing related benefit cost are also the highest in the first quarter and we expect higher energy cost with colder weather and again fiber cost could also move higher if logging conditions get very difficult. Considering all of these items, we currently expect first quarter earnings of about $0.36 a share. With that, as always we would be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we made on this call do constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on our current expectations of the company and it do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, I would ask the operator to open the phone lines up. We would be happy to take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chip Dillon with Citigroup.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Good morning Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Hey. It would be great if the market gave as much credit to all the good things you do as it gave you a penalty for that $0.04 at one point you were getting a hundred times that, fortunately the stock is coming back. But you live and learn?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, hey, no one said it would be easier, there is a tough market out there, and we tried to do our part. And if we keep producing record... we can keep producing record earnings in time the market will recognize that, I hope.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes. Just two quick things I just want to ask you, one just to make sure I had the right numbers. You said that for the full year your domestic open market board shipments were up 5%, but exports were up 25%, is that right?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then on the box shipments for the year, your actual... I think you said it was down 0.3, was it up 0.3?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On a total basis, it's up.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Up 0.3 and down 1.1 on a per workday?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No I'm sorry, I misspoke it. It's down 0.3 and down 1.1.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you, okay. And then when you look at the situation right now in the market, coming into the holiday season there were I guess two things that were kind of unusual. One and we heard about this at our conferences just how the box makers in Europe are somehow being encouraged to pay less money to save better quality board and they are slow to do that. But I guess I'm just asking, how do you see that the pricing in the export markets and I know it varies where you're looking at and is that still a way to pull us up if we slow down a lot on the demand front. And then I guess second thing is are you seeing difficulty in exporting board? You and others because of either freight rates, which I understand are coming down or the lack of boats to take the board overseas?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me take these one at a time Chip. First of all, we pulled back on export shipments in the fourth quarter simply because we didn't have the tons. That's one of the benefits of having long-term relationships with customers. We talk to them, said hey look, we're going to continue to supply it, but we need some help. We'll delay some shipments into the first quarter next year and I got to appreciate our customers. They work with us and so.... we expect our export shipments to pickup because we did delay some people. Everybody is having trouble at the ports. I would say, we have less than a lot of people because we didn't ship as much in the fourth quarter. So we were able to manage it. And we're expecting export markets to remain good. We have not seen any pricing changing in the fourth quarter to speak of. The freight situation is difficult, the freight rates are going up and that is affecting customers, but with the weak dollar, our exports were still very, very competitive and hopefully this freight situation will abate. But we're just going to have to play that by year, higher freight is making our product more expensive abroad, obviously. But the sunny side of that is people we're trying here is... there is a lot more boats coming to U.S. than leaving the U.S. vis-à-vis balance the trade. And so that problem goes both ways and it's actually freight rates leaving the U.S. are cheaper than coming to the U.S. because of that. So, all in all, I would not say a major change other than its making business a little more difficult to export because of the freight situation. So, that's kind of a long lettered answer to a complicated question, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: And then just a little --
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am going to have to make this the last question and I will let you come back later, if you don't mind. I have to make sure everybody gets a chance.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: I understand. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Paul, if possible could you give us some sense as to the extent to which seasonality perhaps is impacting the first quarter number and what I mean by that is, can you give a sense as to what type of annualized earnings run rate one could guesstimate that the company might be at? Obviously, the world will change and prices go up and down, and things like that. But in terms of the kind of annualized earnings power, is that a number you feel comfortable giving with us... giving to us, given that I do think that first quarter is a seasonally impacted number and is a kind of misleading, you can just times it by four?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you can look at history, we don't give full year forecast, we have a quarter at a time because we know, we are normally pretty comfortable, we can predict earnings a quarter ahead. But if you look us historically, our earnings drop about $0.10 a share, rough number between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And we are not at aligned with that this year. If you look at our fourth quarter numbers and you adjust for the fact that we had two unusual events, which is the LIFO charge of $0.03 and the Counce outage of another $0.03 instead of making $0.42, if those things hadn't occurred, all other things equal, we would have made $0.48. And so, and then when you start working backwards from $0.48 as a base, basically $0.06 is the outages, that gets you back to $0.42 and then the other $0.06 is the seasonal factor. And it's really three things. One is energy, it's colder in the first quarter and paper mills are very energy intensive. So energy is one of the items. The other item or labor and benefits, you've got your annual increases in wages et cetera, et cetera and some of those cost are front end loaded, you incur more in the first quarter than other quarters. And then the third area would be wood fiber. And again, that's a function of winter logging conditions and the fact that we've seen an increase and I don't want to minimize, but I do think a continuing concern with virgin fiber will be when these sawmills finally get back and running, because that is roughly 30% of the source of, in the south at least. Historically 30% of the fiber came from purchased sawmill residuals, 25 to 30 and that's probably about half of that is gone with the shutdowns and that's putting a little pressure on fiber. So you take that history items, they are all about a $0.02 item, may be ones a little a higher than the others. But that gets you back to $0.36 and all of those items are typical in the past, we always get higher labor and benefits in the first quarter. Wood cost usually go up and energy always go up in the first quarter, because you simply use a lot more. So and that's kind of a quick short hand away of looking at this thing. But in terms of predicting year-over-year, I think if you go back over the last five, six years, you can see the pattern. We got the strongest earnings in the second and third quarters, and the lowest in the fourth and first. And we expect that pattern to remain the same.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Hey. Good morning.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: How are you? Two quick questions; one, in the third quarter, you had a little bit of restructuring, I think box closing activity. Was there any of that in the fourth quarter that might have affected cost and I know it wouldn't have been there, but nonetheless wanted to ask the question?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't recall closing any box plants in the third quarter. Hey Sweeney, did you call somebody and tell me about it?
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I beg your --
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: He said no, he didn't close any. I don't think we closed any box plants. We had a small operation in Buffalo that... where I think we closed in the second quarter. But that's a tenth of cent item. You are not talking any money at all.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So in the fourth quarter there is none of that at all?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Then as you look at the environment and obviously, who knows whether the economy slips into a deeper slowdown or not. But does the environment look more attractive to you in terms of being able to find acquisition candidate or does the current macro environment, at least the concerns out there, make you a little bit more reluctant and raise, if you will your threshold return over risk premium looking at potential acquisition, you know your typical types of acquisition that still --
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think with regard to the economy, I kind of feel like the captain of Titanic, that iceberg don't look too big ahead, you never know. We are off to a very strong January. I mean our January doesn't match with everything you read in newspapers and we still got a half a January to go. But at least through the half of that, volume is strong. If you read the... if you, the Fed is not doing all these things just for the heck of it. So, who knows, but I will tell you, at least our business for the first half of January, I feel better when I look at our bookings compared to when I read the newspapers but, hey that could change. In terms of acquisitions and risk premiums, if we are headed into a recession, yes, I would say that the risk premium goes up because times are much more uncertain and your risk premium concerning acquisitions or anything, at least ours will go up.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. By the way, you had 900,000 of expense in the third quarter of '07 for restructuring. Was the pension contribution $5 million bucks as you expect... and should we expect that a change in '08. Thanks guys.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me have that one again? Rick got it, go ahead.
Richard B. West - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary: Yes. Pension expense and contribution for 2008, George should remain in line with 2007 with about $25 million in contributions and about $22.5 million in expense.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks guys, I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is actually Alex [ph] asking a question on behalf of Rick. With the share price where it is today and below where the stock has traded over the last several months, would you consider allocating more money towards share repurchase than originally budgeted?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I will... you don't... any change in a share repurchase requires a Board approval. So we do not have the authority to allocate more than the $150 million that has been approved by the Board and so that would be the answer to the question. We don't have the authority to exceed what the Board has approved.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But would you consider given where the share price is today? Coming back to the Board, how would that process work?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The Board and I would discuss it and we would make a decision on anything we did and then and only then would that become public information.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. Paul, it looks like even adjusting for the Counce outage and the incremental LIFO that you are still a penny or two below what you had pointed us to back in October. Can you kind of walk us through what changed during the fourth quarter for you?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well, yes but that will be a long conversation. We missed by a penny, penny and a half. I gave 49 to 50 --
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: It's not a big number. I'm just curious.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well it's a lot of little items, a tenth of a cent here, a tenth of a cent there, interest expense and that might be a couple tenths of a percent. A lot of little items say, if any dropout... any jump out at me. Pete, do you have any little real numbers, just a lot of little items, wood products, we have a small sawmill in Ackerman, Tennessee. We've had that down more than normal and that's a couple of tenths of a center, but nothing jumps out Mark. Its probably 20 little items, we had some... do we have any asset write downs? We had some asset write-downs where we put into new piece of capital equipment and the piece of equipment that is replacing is not been fully depreciated, that might be three-tenths of center, but you are getting down into a lot of little item.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, that's fine. And second question --
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Mark, we missed by... we know our forecasting, if I could be plus or minus $0.02 that's about as good as we think we can do.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Well, if you do that Paul, you are probably better than most of the analysts on this call. Second question, your cost of goods sold was up less than 3% for the full year and your mill volumes were up almost 2%, so you seem to have done a great job on unit cost. But the SG&A is up about 7%, 7.5%, can you walk us through that?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, well lot of that is salaries, and I'll tell you another... it is another problem when you have a record year. The people expect you to pay pretty good bonuses and we did that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. My last question, I think you are 63 this year. Can you just talk to us about any kind of succession planning at PCA?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no specifics obviously, that's something that's pretty confidential but I think the thing that if you ask me, what I am proudest about my tenure here at PCA which I expect to continue, is that very, very strong team. One is, it's not me. We are deep. So in terms of potential succession, I've got a pretty good list to choose from.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: But there is no mandatory retirement age or anything, is that right?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, there is not.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, very good, thanks a lot.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And while I am here, I have had handed a note to me that I did speak incorrectly. That Buffalo outage did occur in July and I'm wrong that wasn't a second quarter event, July is in the third quarter. And I was wrong about that, so sorry for that information, misinformation George.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: Paul, you mentioned the strength in demand you're seeing so far in January. Are there any particular end user markets that's driving that, is it across the board? Can you comment on that?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean it's across the board, although I would say the meat packing business is particularly strong.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: And what would you... any, can you attribute that to anything or?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that one of the things is, there has been a run up in grain prices. And when grain prices run up, it gets costly to keep big herds, so those herds get slaughtered. And that gets you an increase in volume in the meat business and that's what is driving that.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research: I see. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citi.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes. I just had one --
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Chip, I'm sorry to cut you off, I'd like to give everybody one... get their questions out of the way before I come back and hit you again. But you got here... you are on again.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Oh totally understand. Just quick question on the OCC situation, we are reading more about how... it's almost like there is increasing competition for what's out there with export prices that are, I guess a record spread to what domestic mills are paying and yes, you would think, Wal-Mart or someone selling OCC really doesn't care who they sell to. So, what do you see going on there? Do you think that the U.S. price will... your cost will continue to move up?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I do, I do think OCC cost will move up. What a differential, differentials between export market and domestic markets. I don't know how they can be sustained, usually water seeks its own level and there will be some equalization. But there is certainly another couple of million tons of capacity coming online in China. That's going to run on a 100% OCC and that will continue in my opinion to put pressure on OCC prices and I think OCC prices go up and it does affect us, but fortunately for us, we use, as you know among the lowest OCC percentage in the industry. So, we are competitively advantaged and but even when you are done, it's using 20% or so, I know it does cost you and you've got to eventually figure out how to recover those costs.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: I know you've seen any kind of impact on pricing especially in Asia, we... you might have some contacts over there that indicate which direction the board price is going as a result of their higher raw material cost?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have a lot of information on that. We are not big exporters to Asia. When the business got real good here and our inventories were tight, we had to make some decisions with markets to not serve as vigorously and Asia is one we basically pulled out of, and we basically concentrate on Europe and South America is our two primary markets. So eventually, as OCC prices keep going up, you would think that would translate into higher domestic prices in China. But China is a different place, so making forecasts about what the Chinese are going to do, I think maybe predict an OCC price is even easier now.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Paul, a quick follow-up I had was, it's interesting as you talk about your business; it seems that things are chugging along pretty well. Yet, as you reference the newspapers have tremendous amount of doom and gloom. I'm just curious as to whether or not, it's typical that you read about in the newspapers before you see it in your business, when historically there have been slowing... slow downs in the economy. And if not, any thoughts on the apparent discrepancy?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the answer to that I think is one of these things sometimes the newspapers get it right and sometimes the newspapers get it wrong. The problem is they don't tell you which it is. Last year, just to reflect on that, we gave a very bad earning guidance in the second quarter and we had forecasted $0.35 and we made $0.44, it's a $0.09 miss. That was on a positive side and part of that reason; we had similar stuff in the newspapers about the economy slowing, this, this and that. And I'll tell you when... when we do our forecasting it rolls up to me and then I put my spin on it. And I was... I believe more of what I read in the newspapers last second quarter than I probably should have, and so I think the newspapers had a wrong last second quarter. They made every right this time and the problem is I don't know. And if I knew that, I'd tell you. So you are affected by the Fed psychology the consumers, etcetera, and I eventually they are going... the newspaper is going to get it right. And it may be this time, it may not. So I can't help you very much, but at least I give you an example of a year ago, they didn't have it right.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Fair enough. So bottom line is sometimes it does happen without you seeing it in your business early on. But obviously, as you point out sometimes you read about and it doesn't then the slowdown does occur.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And obviously there is a lot more momentum about a recession occurring issues than it was last year. So we'll have to wait and see. And the only anecdotal evidence that I have is I did get a little worried when the volume dropped off the map those last three days in December. I hope that was the holidays, but you never know. And then when it rebounded as strongly as it did the first half of January, I felt pretty comfortable that we just saw a vacation day phenomenon in December. And hopefully, January will continue has strong as it has been. And so, we've not seen in our business a big change in volume, quite the contrary, it's stronger than we expected.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Great. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. Just a couple of questions, Paul about sort of margins in the business. One, if we look at kind of the full year '07 year, your EBITDA margin was just a little over 19%. Historically, if we go back to the earlier part of this decade, right about the time you became a public company, your margins were as high as 34%, I think back in 2000. Is there any reason, then --?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, no, Mark, our margins got that high but you're five years ahead of time. We got to the low 30s, it's the peak in 95.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But it never got that high in 99.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: All right. Well let's see, the numbers I have got even for '01 would be about 21%, 22%. I am just trying to get a sense of whether there's any reason you can't take these margins back into the 20s.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are in 20s now. I think we are pretty close to 20% for the year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, I think it's --
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Third quarter margins were over 20%.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right. I've got 19% for the year. I am just trying to figure out kind of what you think these could potentially get to?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but that's... the way we look at it when we compare ourselves with other companies or divisions, you get, you take corporate overhead out of that number and you look at what is the margin as the business as the division standalone. When you do that, you get... you get over 20%. So let's not argue the point, but we are close to 20% right now.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's where we've been before, but to get back to the peak, the 30s, you got to go back to 95 to get those kind of numbers.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: You think that's possible?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I hope so, that obviously, we are going to require either much better pricing or lower cost and they are the two things that drive it because I don't think... this obviously is an industry that has 10% a year growth. And so, you've got a lot of years of inflation to overcome. And you can only overcome that with price or lowering cost and with the energy situation, the fiber situation; it will take higher prices to get back to those kind of margins.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Would you rule out being able to move on price at some point this year. I mean you do have a lot of cost inflation. We've got operating rates for the industry up in the sort of 97%, 98% rate. Inventories are lean and exports are going up.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, for legal reason that I know you are aware of Mark, I cannot comment about forward pricing, and I won't. But I can say that what you said is correct. Historically, operating rates for the industry are at a level that has historically resulted in increased pricing. I don't know if that occurs again or not, I can't say because I don't comment on the forward going pricing.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, good enough.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks, hey Paul. One additional question may be on the outlook, taking a different tack. Do your customers tell you, as they are ordering from you what their point-of-sale experience is? Obviously, it means produce, if you ship it they are going to use it because of the things taken away. But for other types of products and markets, do you get a sense whether the shipments that you are seeing are dove tailing with your customer's point-of-sale experience right now?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, yes, our customers do not keep a lot of inventory, because corrugated containers take a lot of space.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I understand.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, there is a fairly close couple and they are ordering more boxes in January because their business apparently is pretty good. And the only thing that we have heard and I think is noteworthy from customers, now we've got 8000 customers roughly. And so, you got a lot of people talking to a lot of customers, some of that information is good, some is not good, but the only trend that I can point out over the last year that I think is significant is, we've got a lot more feedback from customers that export out of this country is being a bigger part of their business than it has been in the last decade. And that message has been the most consistent message that we've gotten from customers.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, fair enough. It's still... still not sure whether the retail point-of-sale data would marry-up, but we'll find out about that down the road. Separately just on CapEx, what's your outlook for this year 110, 115?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is our CapEx. We're looking at a couple of projects that is... they are still early and looking at. That potentially have high returns, could up that number a little more for 2008, if they continue to look as good as initial indications are. But right now, I plan on about 110 to 120.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks Paul. Good luck in the quarter.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Eason with Minlow Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hey Paul. How are you?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm good.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Congratulations, great job, you guys always seem to do very well in a challenging economy. Couple of things; what are you guys doing in terms of operational improvement initiatives revolving around lean manufacturing, TPM, Six Sigma and how are those initiatives benefit your business?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have a vigorous cost reduction program. We don't rely on one of these named programs like Six Sigma. We've got our own program adapted to the way our business runs, and as I have said many times this company revolves around the concept of operational excellence. We are only in one grade of paper; containerboard. And we make boxes and so we are specialists in that and our improvement does not come from a major restructuring, a major headcount reduction program, a major transformation program. We think we are fairly good at what we do, and we simply got to do 200 or 300 things, a little better each and every year at our box plants, and our mills and at corporate headquarters. And so we've got programs in every facility to do everything a touch better, but it's not the type of company that we are going to say, okay, we are going to do and I will use your term Six Sigma everywhere. And that's going to change this company, we've got a good operational strategy and record and we just want to improve upon what we've got. We don't want to change it.
Unidentified Analyst: Now mentioning your box plants around the world, are there certain plants that you're more concerned with than others regarding through-put?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't have box plants around the world, we are 100% domestic. So all of our box plants are in the U.S. and yes, we have some box plants better than others. We benchmark all of our box plants. We share best practices. We meet with them several times a year to say who is doing the best and who is doing the worst. And we put plans in place to obviously get the poorer plants to improve. And then when you got 67 box plants there is one that's ranked the best every year and one is ranked the worst every year. And then we apply the necessary efforts to do what we think we do across the system. But we have a lot of data and we have a lot of best practice principles that we use.
Unidentified Analyst: And in terms of benchmarks you guys were talking about, how are you measuring those? Are you looking at rolling out or OE? I mean how you guys looking to measure that so you could tell the shareholders and investors out there this is how we are achieving our record growth?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, when you see... record well, I think the way the shareholders appreciate it most is the way we've been able to do it this year, our earnings are up 35%. We don't get into heavy financial calculations, when a box plant, you look at the fundamentals in a box plant. Guy running a corrugators and a box equipment, he is concerned about yield. That's one thing that can improve his profitability. So, we would concentrate on yield, we would concentrate on productivity. Things that people can control at that level, they can't control the cost of borrowing, they can't control other things. So, we try to make people accountable and improve the things they can control and I think we have been fairly successful at it.
Unidentified Analyst: So are your yields in your plants where you want to be or what you guys doing to keep improving on them?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At some of the plants, they're where we want them to be, in some of them, we are working on improving them, but we don't share operational details on calls like this because I will be sharing them with our competitors too. So, that's as good as I can do on that question.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And final question, going into... as we are going to '08, which is going to be a very a challenging year for a lot of companies, what is going to be your number one goal as to your packaging, PCA to actually help improve shareholder value, so everybody does well?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as I said earlier, we've got to 200 or 300 things a little better. There is no one goal. Because we like our model, we like the way we do things, we've got to do 200 or 300 things a little better and so I can't... I wish our business was as simple to give you one goal, but it's not.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Emerich with Iron Works Capital.
John Emerich - Iron Works Capital: Hi, thanks. Could you clarify a comment, I guess from may be even the last transcript and I miss it if you talked about it on this call, but the company's ability to take excess production, excess relative to say slackening demand in the U.S. and so export demand, if you will?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what I think what's happened in not only us is the export business has been very strong and even though industry box demand this year is down 1% or so in 2007, the industry has run full. And that's because the export market has been pretty good. And those tons have flowed into the export market. So that's basically what I was talking about.
John Emerich - Iron Works Capital: And that condition still exist?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Emerich - Iron Works Capital: Thank you.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean the export... the condition is, I don't know where U.S. box shipments are going this year, but the export market is still pretty good.
John Emerich - Iron Works Capital: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather McPherson with T. Rowe Price.
Heather McPherson - T. Rowe Price: Hi Paul. I was hoping you might help me understand something regarding the cost environment. And what may be the marginal cost might be for the highest cost producers in the industry so that is hypothetically we look out and we say that box demand goes down in '08 and capacity rose, they just starts to go down and then prices starts to slip typically, they would probably slip to where the fourth quartile producers cost might run to. And since we are starting to see a lot of inflation on the cost side, do you have a thought here about what that marginal cost flow or might be for prices given the cost inflation we've seen?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not of the top of my head.
Heather McPherson - T. Rowe Price: Okay.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's something that would require a longer conversation than... you've got be careful given a flip answer about something that's pretty complex.
Heather McPherson - T. Rowe Price: Okay. I appreciate it.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Cleves with International Paper.
Unidentified Company Representative: International Paper?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What? You are kidding, right? What they say is International Paper guy asking a question.
Unidentified Company Representative: Tom Somebody?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, who is down the line? Hello?
Unidentified Company Representative: Are you kidding?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Operator?
Operator: I'm not. It's been apparently their line is dropped. I am not showing any other questions at this time sir.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a good way to end the call. Hey listen, looking forward to talking to everybody next quarter and hopefully, this economy will prove stronger than a lot of people think, but time will tell and thank you for participating in the call. Happy New Year.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and CEO William J. Sweeney - EVP, Corrugated Products
Analysts: Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Chip Dillon - Citigroup Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities
Operator: Thank you for joining Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Your host today will be Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO. Upon conclusion of the narrative, there will be a Q&A session.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings release call. I'm Paul Stecko, Chairman and CEO and with me on the call today as usual is Bill Sweeney, who runs our corrugated products business; Mark Kowlzan who runs our mill operations; and Rick West, PCA's Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating and as the operator said after the presentation as always we'll be glad to take questions. So, let me start with a quick summary and then give you some more detail about the results. Yesterday, we reported record third quarter earnings of $49 million or $0.46 a share and that's compared to third quarter 2006 earnings of $44 million or $0.42 a share. And second quarter 2007 earnings of $46 million or $0.44 a share. This was another quarter of strong earnings and solid operations. The $0.04 per share increase in our quarterly earnings compared to last year's third quarter, was a result of better pricing and volume and that totaled about $0.08 a share. This was partially offset by increased recycled fiber and labor and benefit costs which taken together lowered earnings by about $0.04 a share. Net sales for the third quarter increased 2.8%, to $591 million and that compares to $575 in the third quarter of 2006. And for the first nine months, net income was $126 million or $1.20 a share, compared to $87 million or $0.83 a share in 2006. Net sales for the first nine months of 2007 were $1.74 billion compared to $1.63 billion in 2006 and that's up about 6.2%. We also announced yesterday, an increase in the quarterly dividend on our common stock from an annual payout of $1 a share to $1.20 a share and we authorize... were authorized to repurchase up to 150 million of our common stock over the next 18 months. Shareholders of record as of December 14, 2007 will receive their first quarterly dividend of $0.30 a share on January 15, 2008. These actions, we think reflect both our commitment to return value to our shareholders and the overall operating and financial strength of PCA. Turning to operations, our mills produced 632,000 tons of containerboard. That's a new quarterly production record, up 11,000 tons or 1.8% compared to the third quarter of 2006. Both our domestic and export sales of containerboard remained very strong with export shipments up about 8000 tons or 16% and outside domestic sales up 4000 tons or 5% over the last year's third quarter. Our corrugated product shipments were up in total 1.3% which is equivalent to about 7000 tons, compared to the third quarter of 2006 with demand steady through the entire quarter. And after accounting for one additional shipment day, our corrugated product shipments on a per work day basis were actually down 0.3% compared to a very, very strong third quarter of last year. We ended the quarter with our containerboard inventories almost 3500 tons below 2006 year-end levels. And our inventories are a little lower than I would like going into October, because October is a 23 day work day month in box plant and we also had our Filer City medium mill down early in October for its annual maintenance outage. And as reported by the FBA on Tuesday, industry containerboard inventories are also quite low at 2,372,000 tons or 3.5 weeks of supply, which is the lowest September ending inventory on a week's of supply basis ever. Looking next at cost, we had another quarter of solid mill operations, which continue to demonstrate the cost advantages we have from our operational efficiencies and the flexibility we have in terms of our relatively low recycle fiber usage and our low natural and fuel oil consumption. Compared to the third quarter of 2006, our mill cash cost was up about $10 a ton but $9 of the $10 increase was due to higher recycled fiber cost, $9 out of $10. On an average recycled fiber prices increased about 30% to $37 a ton which lowered earnings by about $0.02 a share compared to last year's third quarter. Compared to the second quarter of 2007, mill cash cost increased $4 a ton with almost $3.50 of that due to higher recycled fiber prices. Fortunately, for us our net purchased recycle fiber was only about 16% of our total fiber needs, which is much lower than for most of our competitors. So, we have a pretty good advantage in this part of the business. Our wood fiber prices were up only about 1.5% over our last year's third quarter or about $0.05 a share and really that's pretty remarkable considering the limited availability of residual wood chips from wood products plants and was only possible because of our ability to produce more own-make chips in our mills rather than by purchasing either a higher prices residual chips or use more OCC. Looking at other cost, higher labor and benefit costs reduced third quarter earnings by about $0.02 a share compared to last year's third quarter and energy costs were also higher to our mills and box plants which lowered earnings by about $0.01 a share compared to last year's third quarter. Net interest expense however was lower by $0.01 a share which helped earnings. Looking at pricing, our corrugated products and containerboard sales prices were up over the third quarter of 2006 due to some additional price realization from the last box price increase we had in 2006. The realization of the August containerboard price increase and finally by some reutilization of our announced September box price increase. Most of the September box price increase will be realized in the fourth quarter as you would expect. And, I would say that at this point, we are very well along with implementing this price increase. Turning to cash utilization, our capital expenditures were $27 million in the third quarter. We made a scheduled $10 million principle payment on our term loans reducing our long term debt to $679 million. We also made a number of large, timing related payments during the quarter, including our semi-annual interest payment on our notes of $15 million, federal taxes of $42 million, and a discretionary increase in pension funding of $11 million. Finally, we repurchased 300,000 shares of PCA common stock in July for $7.8 million at an average price of $25.96. We ended the quarter, with cash on hand of $194 million and that's $14 million decrease from the end of June because a lot of these things had occurred in the third quarter. And, for us because of the way several of these larger cash payments are staggered during the year the second and fourth quarters are normally are big net cash generators. Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter results as well as with containerboard industry business conditions. For PCA, this is our fifth consecutive quarter of record earnings excluding special items due in part to the competitive advantages we have with our low cost, with our low use of recycled fiber natural gas and fuel oil as well as an excellent book of business in our box plants. Our mills continue to run extremely well, setting new records for production and efficiency and our total box plant shipments were 1.3% higher than last year's strong third quarter. We continue to see the benefits of a weaker dollar with strong export markets and a steady domestic demand, and the pace of implementing, our box price increase, we feel has been pretty quick. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we expect earnings to improve with increasing box prices. We completed our scheduled annual maintenance outage at our Filer City mill earlier this month which resulted in lower production and higher cost to that mill. Both our wood fiber and recycled cost on average are expected to be higher in the fourth quarter and we expect higher energy cost with colder weather. With Christmas, there are two last corrugated product shipment days than in the third quarter and as a result, we expect our corrugated product's volume to be a little lower than the third quarter. Considering all these items, we currently expect fourth quarter earnings of about $0.49 to $0.50 a share. With that as always, we will be happy to entertain the questions but as always, I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on this call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current expectations of the company and involve inherent risk and uncertainties, including those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements and with that, I would ask the operator to open the line up for questions, with one note in order to make sure that we got adequate time for everybody to ask questions. I'd like on this call to limit it to one question and one follow-up. And if we got to make a couple of rounds to get all your questions answered we will. But let's just try it this way this time and see how it works. Operator, could you open up the line. Question And Answer
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Our first comes from Mark Connelly of Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Paul, can you talk... you've talked in past calls about seasonality shifting around a little bit. I wonder if you can talk about that issue in the context of pre-buy in September versus October and whether you think that's any sort of a factor here at all.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, pre-buy is always a little bit, whether it's a price increase, people tend to buy a little extra. But when you're buying boxes storage is a problem. You can't load up on three months supply because you simply can't hold them anywhere. So, I think there is a little. But we've seen no demand shift, no change. October, so far has been, every bit as good, probably a little better than September. And... but I'm sure there is a little... there was a little pre-buy. With regard to seasonality, the business has gotten a lot less seasonal. The last two Decembers have been pretty good and we would expect this December to behave the same way and I think a lot of that has been driven by internet commerce as a lot of new applications for boxes that never existed before because all the stuff that people order on the internet. And that's been the change and so December used to be a horrible month for the industry and PCA. And the last two years have been pretty good month and so, I expect less seasonality except for the fact when you compare it to the third quarter, you got to realize, there is two less days and that does matter. And that's really not seasonality as much as less working days.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Paul, on that pre-buy issue though. If you were to think about your business in terms of the specific customers that are buying ahead of Christmas then it's really not a multiple month. It's really just August through October and then Christmas is over. Do you have enough business in that piece of it, to get a sense of how much pre-buy might be going on for that customer base?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would just say that when we look at our order patterns it's not a large number, it doesn't jump by and say wow, somebody is pre-buying. But you know there is a little there and I think the operative word is a little, I don't think there is much pre-buying.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning Paul. Just to talk about the box price increase for a minute. Can you just relate to how this one is going in relative to the last box price increase you experienced in '06?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the last one...the one in '06 I thought for us went pretty quick. We got the thing done between 2 and 3 months. This one was quicker. I think and Bill Sweeney is sitting here and I'll let him answer that question. He's been around... he's older than me but he's been around longer than me in this industry. He's the quickest one I've experienced. He's been around longer. You want to respond to that one Bill.
William J. Sweeney - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Most of the people that report to me say that this is the easiest increase so far.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay and just to follow that. Would you expect that you would see some of your box customers start paying in the first quarter or do you see all of them paying in the fourth quarter?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The overwhelming majority will pay in the fourth quarter. You always have a few that carry over. But the operative word there is a few.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, just maybe a little bit of residual carries over in the first?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We had a little bit of residual carrying over into the first. That's true. There is a few accounts that will do that effective January 1st.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos of Banc of America.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good morning. I had a question on export. [Technical Difficulty] Do you have any evidence, whether it's hard data or anecdotal commentary that supports the view that perhaps U.S. manufacturers are starting to be able to ship a bit more overseas because of the dollar and then hopefully, that's having a positive affect on the box business.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We see some of our customers businesses that are up and some of those are exporting. And so we are seeing some of that yes, but it's kind of been a steady, gradual increase, it's not been precipitous. It's was like turn an aircraft carrier, it's slow but you can see it turning. The other anecdotal evidence I have seen and I am seeing some things I am sure you are seeing, the Wallstreet Journal is there where somebody's freight companies are pulling a lot of things and they are saying it's for export. And we weren't exporting these things a few years ago. So, you are seeing some evidence of that also and... but, there are other things that have popped out, that are bigger than that. For example, with the price of corn way up, the meat packing businesses is really taking off because corn prices are high, you slaughter more cattle, pigs, etcetera. And so, that's a bigger event than just a general gradual trend and things moving in export. But, it's definitely happening but I wouldn't say it's explosive, it's more steady and consistent at least for us.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. That's a positive as well. Paul, switching gears, on the decision that you make on dividend and share repurchase and ultimately returning value to the shareholders, integrated with how you think about your other uses for cash whether to invest or opportunity that you have to acquire or given your balance sheet position and everything else, are they really more separate and how you evaluate the various uses for the cash? Thanks.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, they are integrated. We have a plan, we have a forecast to what our cash flows will be. As I have stated, many times one of our objectives is to continue to grow our box business, increase our integration level from the low 80's to low 90's and we do that by adding box plants. So, we budget every year that we would like to acquire some box plants without having to borrow and that's in our cash planning and that is integrated into where we think our cash is going, how much cash we would like to keep around, and we are a little on the conservative side, and that then determines how much cash is left over for dividends and share repurchases, which we think are two good vehicles. So, now we have an integrated approach and...
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: So, the increase in the dividend, the share repurchase basically suggest that some of the external opportunities are opportunities to invest within the company right now aren't as attractive as it might have been whatever six months, a year ago.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, absolutely not. We look at the things all the time. I will tell you that we are deliberate investors. We look at companies that we buy and make sure that we think this is going to be a good investment because capital is precious to us. But it's a continuing effort and we like to spend on the ordering, rough number of $50 million a year to try to increase the size of the company and the growth rates.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Great, thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon of Citigroup.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Good morning Paul.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: As we look at the fourth quarter. I can't remember, the only time I see you all ever having performed better sequentially, I think that I go back to is 1999 in the fourth versus a third. Because I know you typically have a seasonal downer and as you look at this year's fourth quarter and it looks like it's of course going to be up, how much of that would you say is just a quick price increase, maybe faster than those in the past that have occurred in the fourth quarter and how much would you say might be actual seasonal changes because of the holiday season and more internet ordering and therefore the use of more boxes?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't like it too specific here. But I would just say historically. Historically, the fourth quarter because of seasonal factors, cold weather, energy, less volume, it has been about a nickel share down. All things held because of the fourth quarter being in cold weather etcetera, etcetera. It cost us about a nickel a share. The wild card this year a little bit is the fact that we do have two less shipping days compared to the third quarter. But that's not that big of a deal and the real wild card here and if you say, what's the one thing that is probably the biggest uncertainty factor and I would say it would be fiber prices, both recycled fiber and with the wood product plant situations, with the lack of availability of residual chips. Also, although we've done a great job so far, you never say, never and that would be in the fiber area which makes it... that's the one variable that I wish I had a better handle on. Especially, the recycled fiber part, you got all that capacities starting up in China. They need recycled fiber. You are talking in terms of millions of tons, not hundreds or thousands of tons for all those mills. So, fiber is the big variable. But it's about a nickel, historically and it's not too far off from it this quarter.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay, and then secondly when you look at the fiber situation at least, it seems like recently we've seen some unusual dislocations open up in OCC pricing and I'm sure that's much less of a headache for you, fortunately for you than for others. But do you see behavior, first of all, you would think that the gap would close because I don't see why the City of New York or Chicago would care who they sell the OCC to. So, do you see the gap closing and secondly do you see different behavior with something perhaps people from the Far East coming more inland to source OCC?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chip, I hate to give you this answer but I really don't know. I think it depends on how much it moves, because obviously you got a freight penalty when you come inland and that's why you buy on the coast. The freight is with the price of oil hidden 80, last time I checked it was 88, I'm not sure where it is today. But freight cost are going up, the other thing is, that situation in Europe with freight rates, they are not shipping much OCC to China and that's supposed to end in a month or so. But I think the answer to your question is it depends how bad it gets. If prices go up a lot, then I think people will move inland. If the thing gets bakes a little bit then they probably won't. But you are probably better off asking one of our competitors that have a big recycled operation. They are... I am sure they are closer to this and not to make excuses but, we don't buy that much. So it's, we don't have as much knowledge probably in that area, some others in our industry do because it's a much more important part of their business.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay and really quickly finally, why should prices stop moving up here, because this is a function of supply and demand and I think earlier was asked about this huge spread, that you see between prices here and for virgin and for the recycled, I will call it stuff, that's obviously inferior that's made in places like Europe, why shouldn't prices not go up further?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I, as a point of matter, I don't really talk on these calls about forward pricing because on the advice of counsel I have been advised not to. But I would day this, I think business conditions for the industry are very good for a lot of reasons you pointed out, supply, demand are in excellent shape. That's coupled with a weak dollar and a world economy that's doing pretty well which means that we've got multiple markets for our product and at a time that supply and demand are pretty good though. There had been a problem, few problems on the economic horizon, sub-prime etcetera. But that thing seems to be not precipitating any big changes in the business patterns at least that we are seeing. So I think the only I can say to you Chip is that, I think business fundamentals for the industry are pretty good and obviously if we didn't think, they were pretty good, we would not commit to so much cash going forward and return in value to our shareholders. But we do think conditions are pretty good. And, I have to limit my answer to that.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Totally understand. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly of Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Paul. Just one more question, last quarter you talked about positive mix changes, can you talk a little bit about mix and what you might be expecting going forward?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would expect our mix to continue, to improve on a fairly, gradual basis. Again, one of the things that really is a foundation on which our box business is built is that we look for, what we call the hard to do, and things that people understand, they are getting value and are willing to pay for it. And, again there is another trend in the industry, that with restructuring and consolidations people are trying to improve their operational efficiency, particularly in their box plants and higher volumes, etcetera reduce cost. I pointed out that our philosophy is actually the opposite. We run our box plants to do whatever we can to maximize revenue. I mean cost is important, but it is not the driver. And when you continue to do, the hard to do, that generates improved mix. It's not simply you are making more high-end graphics, you are doing more of things for customers that are more difficult and what maybe a simple box combined with very difficult service requirements is really something special. So, our philosophy is we want our mix to get better and better every year. But this is not something, where we are building another high-end graphics plant, we are going to get a 10% improvement. We are going to have this at 2% or 3% a year kind of mix improvement thing. So, again slow but steady.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: One last thing, Paul. Are these low inventories that you got, going to cost you a penny or two in the next quarter?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Depends, it depends. We are... mill are running well in October, that's the key. Because we do and down, we got a 23 day month. We have some flexibility with export to honor our commitments but maybe ship it a little later. And that is a little bit of a bellows if you will for us to flex. And but, you always... we are running tied inventories, you may have to incur some premium freight if demand is too strong. On the other hand, I want to rule against strong demand just to help my inventories. So, I can't have it both ways. So, the answer is yes, we could... it could cost us some money. I don't think it will be as much as a penny a share but it could be as much as $0.05 a share.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Very good. Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Hey Paul. Just following up on previous question about the export markets. If the economy does slow and say box demands were slower in '08 and in '07 how easy is it to move that incremental unit of linerboard into the export market, is the pretty easy to sell or is there tough... is it difficult from a distribution supply chain perspective?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well it worked for us. Our primary sales in the export have been more to existing customers as opposed to just going out and hitting and spot markets. We specialize in things like supper heavyweights in the produce business in South America and what's happened with the dollar and especially in Europe being as weak as it is, we're getting more tons from existing customers because it's a good buy. And so, we are in and out kind of players in the export market and we have the ability to take more business. We could have taken more throughout this year, but we have to balance the domestic versus our export shipments. So for us, its not just going out and try to take business from somebody, it's more grow with somebody and this business comes to us naturally because of the currency. And so, we have the ability to take more. I mean, we got... we can sell more if we had the tons. And obviously, if our domestic demand slows down then that's one of the things we would obviously do but just as a point of reference through the first ten days of October, our volume is up 2% over the last year on a per work day basis and there is one extra work day this month now. I'm not saying we can't I don't if we can but if we sustain this rate for the rest of the month, we're up 2% on a work pay basis plus another $4.5 for an extra day, we'll be up 6.5%. So, the last thing we would be looking for is more export this month and if things lighten up as the quarter moves on that would be the point we're to look to put more in exports.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I'm just shifting. I'll go with the second question for a second. You've talked about over the last few quarters running the mills extremely hard. You've taken your normal maintenance downtime. Is there any concern that the mills need to have a little bit of extra maintenance given, how hard you'd been running them recently?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we're in pretty good shape. What happened to us last year we did have that problem in December at Valdosta. We had to take some extra maintenance in our wood yard and we lost a little production but once we got to Valdosta woodyard and it adequately maintained and we did some more work there in its annual shutdown this year we're okay and I don't see... there are no known... I had some known problems at this time last year, where I had maintenance concerns. But I'm optimistic. Mark is sitting here and he's shaking his head, yes. We think we can make it to our next shutdown okay, at all of our mills.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Thank you. Paul, I realize you're not a big exporter and as you said you got a lot of specialty stuff that you're working with but, do you have a sense as to where mill nets are to some of the European markets relative to shipping it domestically?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't speak for everybody. I can speak for us. We had situations where the mill nets to Europe are better than the same thing in the U.S. and some were worse. And the variable is, how far you have to ship domestically because the freight differential as you can get down as low as $15 to $20 freight in the U.S. all the way up to $100 freight if you ship and sail to the west coast. And of course that freight is bared by the... on domestic shipments, by the supplier and we ship FAS just to the port going to Europe and you're talking a much lower freight because, Valdosta for example is two hour truck ride to Port Jacksonville. So, the answer is, export pricing is in a lot of areas... I would say on an average, its close, maybe not quite as good but its close, but there are instances where it's better.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: And if you contextualize historically what's it been, is that fairly unusual or is that not that unusual.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's more unusual than it used to be because if you go back five years ago, our average freight costs... rough numbers were $25 a ton domestically. Today it's averaged $50 to $55 a ton. So, our freight over probably five or six years for containerboard domestically has doubled. And so, that's helped the export business. That's made the export business more competitive, because of domestic freight shipment costs.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Okay. And then just last one, quick one. Cap spending for '08, do you have an initial figure?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Our number for the year is about $110 million and what do we got year-to-date, Pete? We're at $70. So we're about right on track.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Okay. Actually the question was for '08?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, I am sorry. '08, yes we are talking about that. We are probably going to be... our target number is $110, but we've got a couple of opportunities in the box business to make a few very small investments CapEx wise with very good returns and although I haven't made a final decision on this, I am leaning there hard towards probably, giving this to Sweeney, another $10 million to $15 million, because I like the projects they've the do the hard to do things. And I like the returns on these projects. They are hard to walk away from. We have tried to stay very disciplined on a $110 and we have. And occasionally, I'll go $10 or $15 above it. Last year, I went to only $90. So, you got to be a little flexible. So, I am going to say, we are going to be between $110, and $125 is what I would say right now.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Associates: Okay great. Thank you.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably closer to $125, because I like what we can do. And we have got a lot of cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos of Banc of America.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: : Thanks, hey Paul. Maybe just continuing on that theme, on productivity investments within the mill system do you have any projects, where you can measurably further reduce, either energy consumption, or give yourself a little more fiber flexibility, or have you really pretty much tapped out on bigger projects there and it's more 1%, 2%, 3% types of productivity gains? Thanks.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have one energy product... one energy project that's fairly significant and I'll probably... once we get it going and I can quantify that the result was good is I think they're going to be I'll probably talk about that sometime next year. We're spending about $20 million in the energy arena on one project, fairly heavy return because of energy. In terms of fiber, we funded some projects to increase our ability to do some things like use more OCC at Tomahawk as oppose to DLK which is little more expensive and you need to use recycled fiber when you make semi-chem medium, because it's the strength component of the mix. The ideal semi-chem is about, rough number 60%, 65% wood pulp, 35% or so OCC or recycled fiber and so that will save us some money there and we have got a variety of projects that are smaller to improve wood yield. As wood is your single biggest cost in making paper we're doing some things with what we call chip fractionations where you divide the chips by thickness and you cook in pulp like cooking spaghetti. Ideally you like every strand to be the same thickness, because if it varies in thickness you'll over cook or under cook the chips. If you can separate them into all of same thickness, cook them in separate digesters, you can improve your wood yield. We've got some projects in that area and of course the best way to lower your fiber cost, improve your yield. So, we're doing some things here. So, we got enough going on that I'm happy about it.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Now if we take the energy project and the others that you mentioned on fiber, could these be and just thinking about required rates return. Could these be adding, say in a couple years $10 million to $15 million?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not prepared at this point to talk about that, I want to be because I don't like to give rough estimates. We are doing something that are significant, that we got to prove, will be as successful as we think. Until they are proved, I am going to just pass on that one.
George L. Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks Paul. Good luck in the quarter?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning. I wondered if we can just get some thoughts on why this box like seems to have gone in, so quickly and where do you think, you will actually get past the $40 containerboard price and what you realize?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is a lot of reasons, I will let Bill jump in here also. I think the primary reason is supply and demand paper is very tight and people understand it, and that historically is what's driven box prices because paper is anywhere from probably 60% to 80% of the cost of the box, and so that's a big driver. I think people understand that and at least from the people that I talk to, customers it is been a mood shift, in terms of worrying as much about a stable, dependable source of supply. Especially, in light of transportation difficulties and they understand that having paper is equally important to paying a little more for. And I think when you look also customers have a realization, everything has gone up in price and really again a corrugated container is still a very darn good value to them for what it does. And I think, there is also a good feeling, that this balance of trade is going to get better and people are feeling better, in general about their ability to compete in world markets. And that's helped the psychology in terms of hey, lets get on with it, and Bill you want to add anything to that from... you are closer to the field than I am.
William J. Sweeney - Executive Vice President, Corrugated Products: Mark the customers understood the situation. In terms of... so they were expecting an increase and that's why it was reasonable. And they are in touch with what's happening. And the relative value of fiber versus resins has also helped. So, there is no substitute for boxes at this point that's economically viable. The other situation is that, when you are talking about a bigger pie, the percent increases help you get more of than fiber. So, we have as our company, as you know, traditionally not only pass through the cost of the fiber but we covered inflation and it is easier now with the bigger pie with same percent increase.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes just... that's a good point. In order to help, we transfer paper to our box plants at market. And lets just... I am going to pick number, our yield is a little better than this. But I will do the math easier. If you have got a 10% yield loss, then if you got a $40 price increase to break-even at the box plants on it and you have to get $44 because you have a yield loss. And then as Bill said you have got to do a little better than that even because you got to cover inflation, labor, energy, etcetera. So, our philosophy is that we want the box plants to be paid for the value and the products they supply to the customers, and that would dictate that you need more than $40. How much more we think we need or we are going to get that's not something that I discuss on a call like this.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, that's fine. It looks like over the last couple of years, that at least some of your competitors weren't able to recoup all of those costs. My follow-on question Paul, is... has to do with this Pensacola startup at your former employer and it is just bringing up the question again of whether the U.S. industry overtime might move to lighter weight packaging and lighter weight containerboard and whether you think there will be anything to that?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think the answer is, we already have moved the lighter weight paper, 40 coupon used to be the bell weather grade and now in our own case, we probably make five times as much 35 pound, as 42 pound, 35 pounds now the bell weather grade, weights dropped and now it looks like, at least for the industry have kicked up a touch, in terms of basis weight. And I think that's due to the fact, that lot of these wrap around boxes that say protect things like furniture those markets have gone off shore. And so we are still big in some of the things that produce and food, that have to support weight. But in terms of will we go lighter in this country, I think there is always the constant pressure to reduce cost in every element of your business and that includes packaging. But, as Bill pointed out there aren't many substitutes that have got the cost position we do, plastic resins, you are not going to helped by some of these oil and eventually natural gas should... natural gas and oil should not get too far out of parity. But in Europe, it's a little different and what they do in Europe is because they do not have virgin fiber. There used to be only one craft mill on the continent, I am not sure it's still running. So, these will have zero or one crap mill on the continent. It's a 100% recycled market and that's weaker fiber, weaker boxes, and so what they tend to try to do because the fiber is so expensive, they will go multi wall, they will go two ply and we will go one in this country and get the same strength. Now that involves more labor, more starts, more other things. But that's what they do, more than we do and I'm not very familiar, with what, you said my former employer, I have been going here 15, 16 years now. But they have said publicly that a lot of that will go to their European operation which makes a lot of sense. Because they do use a lot more light weight. Will we ever get to that in the U.S., I think, it's probably more a function of fiber prices than anything else and right now, I would say it's not in the foreseeable future.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Tyler Old [ph] of JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, just taking a step back and given the current economy that's throwing off mixed signals here. What's your view of where we are ahead and what are your customers order patterns so far in the fourth quarter signaling to you about maybe the direction of where the economy is going in fourth quarter and maybe into early '08?
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, in terms of where the economy is going, I really can't add much other than, everybody speculate. My own personal feeling is I think, the economy, despite some problems has handled them well. It is still moving along, business is still good but I'm really not the best person in the world to talk to about an economic forecast going forward. In terms of our customers, we got over 9000 customers and collectively what they are saying to us, is that hey, we are up 2% over a very strong beginning of October last year. So, collectively, I think they are saying that they have got confidence in this economy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then could you just quantify the Filer City maintenance and whether or not you're still planning to take downtime accounts in Valdosta in the first quarter.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we had Filer City down for four days in beginning of October and that took out about 4000 to 4200 tons of production roughly. And as of right now, things can always change. But we would plan on taking both, for the last except for one year we take down both of those mills in the first quarter and we do that because energy cost are the highest in the first quarter. So, it makes sense to shut a mill down, when you got to pay the most for energy and it's always also a period where historically demand was lower than the other quarters, although that starts to even itself out a little more. And you got good labor ability. Not many people go down in the first quarter. So, the construction labor you need is fairly plentiful then. So, for us it makes a lot of sense and we've got mills in the south, where you can do that. So, yes, that is still our plan. Always subject to change, but you plan any shutdowns a year in advance. So, the chance of changing is not so great.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: I am not showing any further questions at this time.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We're about out of time anyway. Listen, I'd like to thank everybody for participating in the call. And hopefully talk to you again one quarter from now. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, you may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day.
